Contents
                                                          Pages

Chairman’s Statement                                         2
Corporate Profile                                            5
Financial Summary                                           15
Management Discussion and Analysis                          17
Corporate Governance Report                                 47
Environment, Social and Governance Report                   53
Report of the Directors                                     80
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management     91
Independent Auditors’ Report                                93
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and              100
Other Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position              101
Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity               103
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                      105
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements            107
2      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Chairman’s Statement

INDUSTRY REVIEW
In 2022, the biopharmaceutical industry, a vital pillar for the nation’s economy, has maintained a steady progress in its high-quality
development despite a tougher external environment. According to the National Bureau of Statistics of China, the operating
revenue of pharmaceutical manufacturing industry in China grew from RMB2.16 trillion as at 2017 to RMB2.91 trillion as at 2022,
representing an accumulated growth of 34.7%. Currently, China is developing into a longevity society, and the pharmaceutical and
health industry, always driven by the state’s frequent roll-out of favorable industrial policies, rising per capita disposable income
and further increase in people’s health needs, is also moving towards a new period of development dividend. It is worth
mentioning that in 2022, China introduced its first five-year bio-economic plan: the “14th Five-Year Plan for Bio-Economic
Development”, which explicitly proposes to enhance the original innovation capacity of biomedicine for the protection of people’s
life and health and national biosecurity, where pharmaceutical companies are further encouraged and promoted to pick up the
“acceleration rate” of their R&D and production of original drugs. Moreover, the centralized and volume-based procurement of
pharmaceuticals, negotiation on the medical insurance catalogue access and reform of DRG/DIP payment methods have been
pushed forward and implemented on a continuous basis, and the coverage of commercial health insurance, represented by the
inclusive insurance, was also gradually expanded, giving further support for innovative products to benefit more patients and
meet urgent clinical needs. Innovation and internationalization have become an important keynote in the development of
Chinese pharmaceutical companies. At the same time, China always maintains strict supervision and strong regulation in its
regulatory policy on the pharmaceutical and health industry, which also puts higher requirements on enterprises in terms of
innovation and research, product commercialization capability and development sustainability.

BUSINESS REVIEW
In 2022, in the face of the complex and volatile external environment, as wells as the various pressures and challenges posed by
the decline in market supply and demand under the impact of the pandemic, the Group has braved through the adversity and
managed to achieve steady growth in revenue and operating profit.

During the year, the Group was committed to its pursuit of “high-quality”. With the Company’s ever-growing industrial scale,
where we have more than 10,000 employees worldwide and dozens of domestic and overseas enterprises, together with a
consolidated and enhanced industry chain emphasising on industrialization, refinement, and systematization, our physical
operation structure is under continuous improvement, and the Company’s comprehensive advantages are always enhancing. The
Company has been honored with the title of “National Model Enterprise of Technology Innovation” by the Ministry of Industry and
Information Technology of the PRC, ranked 24th on the list of “Top 100 Chemical and Pharmaceutical Companies of China”, and
won the title of “Most Valuable Pharmaceutical and Medical Company” among Hong Kong listed stocks for seven consecutive
years, gradually showing its advantage in value. The Group was determined to actively promote the implementation of its five-
year development strategic plan under the development principle of “comprehensive strengths, leading in innovation and global
expansion”, so as to achieve sustainable and steady development of its business in terms of products, profits, operation and
management.

During the year, the Group strengthened the foundation of “stability” and continued to promote the upgrading of products and
processes in respiratory, ophthalmology, cerebro-cardiovascular emergency and biotechnology, its traditional areas of strength, so
as to consolidate the foundation of advanced manufacturing. The Group has 17 products with annual sales of over RMB100
million. It has established overseas marketing centers for biologics and, on the domestical front, initiated a reform to integrate the
provincial/regional marketing system for pharmaceuticals, covering hospitals, pharmacies and third terminal sales networks with a
faster pace. The Group has completed one merger and acquisition and introduced 16 amino acid APIs to continuously optimize
the layout of its biotechnology industry chain, and pushed forward the commencement of construction/production of three
production bases to help strengthen the Company’s development foundation.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022         3


Chairman’s Statement

During the year, the Group maintained the “advancing” momentum. By strengthening the implementation of the diversified
business strategy model, we managed to consolidate our core barriers and strengthen the innovative mindset, which aims to
build our core competitiveness in the global R&D and innovative scene. During the year, we obtained 13 launch approvals, 17
clinical progresses, 3 international registrations and 15 core patents, successfully introduced 4 innovative products, and
established 42 R&D projects. The International R&D Center in Optics Valley, Wuhan, the mRNA R&D Centers in Nanjing, the Grand
Pharma — Shandong University Radiopharmaceutical Research Institute (遠大醫藥 — 山東大學放射性藥物研究院) and the
Innovative Device R&D and Production Base in Wuhan were officially put into operation, which further enhanced the Group’s R&D
capabilities in innovative drugs, mRNA technology and nuclear medicine, as well as the capability to localize innovative medical
devices and the independent R&D and production capacity. The blockbuster innovative product of the nuclear medicine anti-
tumor diagnosis and treatment segment, the Yttrium-90 microsphere injections, was successfully launched to bring a long-
awaited blessing to patients with liver cancer and colorectal liver metastases in China. It was a difficult and challenging situation
during the pandemic period, but since the launch of Yttrium-90 microsphere injections, through expansion to more hospitals,
development of communication channels and provision of training to doctors, it recorded over HK$60.0 million revenue during
the first year of launch. It formed a solid foundation for the nuclear medicine segment and built up a remarkable future. In the
meanwhile, there were breakthrough developments in 4 innovative RDC medicines and were ready to launch. In the cerebro-
cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment segment a global innovative endogenous tissue repair product,
aXess, was introduced. Cai Yu® intracranial balloon dilatation catheter and Ti Hu® occlusion balloon catheter, were approved for
commercialization, and the first chartered access atrial fibrillation (AF) laser ablation operation in China was successfully completed
with our HeartLight X3 laser ablation platform. These strengthen our advantages in the technologically innovative high-end
medical devices. In the respiratory and severe disease anti-infection segment, two innovative compound asthma products were
successfully launched and included in the China’s National Reimbursement Drug List. Innovative product STC3141 for sepsis and
ARDS, and innovative oral small molecule 3CL protease inhibitor GS221 achieved substantial clinical development, showing our
boldness and courage of being a pioneer in medical development. In the cerebro-cardiovascular emergency segment, we layout
three major emergency scenarios and maintain steady development. The first generic of epinephrine hydrochloride injection (pre-
filled) was launched and Jext®, a pre-filled epinephrine auto-injector, was licensed in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater
Bay Area. In the ophthalmology segment, several innovative drugs recorded significant development progresses. The Group is
moving forward along a high-quality development path, enhancing its strengths and accelerating innovation to constantly
empower its long-term development.

The Group strongly upholds the value of “Offering Quality Products, Honoring Code of Ethics”, and is firmly committed to the
vision of becoming a pharmaceutical company respected by doctors and patients, and making significant contribution to the
society.

Prospects
2023 is the inaugural year for the full implementation of the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress, as well as a crucial linkage for
the implementation of the 14th Five-Year Plan. The strategic positioning of safeguarding people’s health and the “14th Five-Year
Plan for the Development of Biological Economy” both bring unlimited development opportunities to medical and healthcare
industry in China in the long run, which indicate that the pharmaceutical industry shall take the path of innovation and high-
quality development in the future. For integrated pharmaceutical companies, sustainable development and growth can only be
achieved by “striving for internal and external improvement” through polishing their own innovation capabilities and focusing on
their existing strengths, while pursuing external innovations with greater differentiation and clinical advantages.
4       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Chairman’s Statement

The Group has rich product pipelines and solid foundation in the ophthalmology, respiratory and cerebro-cardiovascular
emergency segment, and will be the base of the Group’s future development. Following the launch of Yttrium-90 microsphere
injections, the Group will continuously work hard for the leading position of global nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and
treatment segment. The Group adheres to the treatment concept of integrated oncology diagnosis and treatment, and is
developing the layout covering R&D, production and sales quality supervision. In 2023, after the PRC government’s adjustment on
pandemic prevention and control policies, which lead to a gradual recovery in the volume of tumor diagnosis, treatment and
surgery, more and more outpatients have been enquiring about YiGanTai® treatment, and a number of hospitals have opened
YiGanTai® specialized clinics to meet patients’ needs. YiGanTai® treatment is expected to achieve a persistent and rapid growth.
For the cerebro-cardiovascular precision intervention segment, the Group adheres to the treatment concept of “interventional
without implantation” and conducts comprehensive layout in three directions, namely channel management, structural heart
disease, electrophysiology and heart failure. Furthermore, given the enhancement of people’s living quality and asking more for
health, the Group will develop our bio-technology products to the large health industry and aim for developing new driving force.

The Group will seize the future opportunities arising from the high-quality development of the pharmaceutical industry, closely
aligning the Company’s development direction with national strategies and policy guidance. On the one hand, the Group will
focus on the present and continuously enrich its product pipelines, optimise its product structure and strengthen its industrial
chain layout, so as to maintain its pace in business expansion and achieve various performance targets with remarkable results. On
the other hand, the Group will place more emphasis on stable growth in the mid to long term. By leveraging its comprehensive
strengths and driven by technological innovation, the Group will continue to deploy its innovative products and advance its
technologies global-wise in a differentiated manner, ensuring that its innovation advances steadily, its operational management is
efficient and coordinated, its corporate development and business are prosperous and sustainable, and its industry position
improved steadily.

2023 is sure to be a year full of opportunities, which is also crucial to the Group in terms of achieving the strategic goals of its five-
year plan. Grand Pharma will redouble its efforts and, with perseverance and determination, remain steadfast to its business goals,
lifting the Group to new heights and making new achievements for a healthy China.

I would like to express my sincere gratitude to every shareholder, board members, partners, management and staff for their long-
term support and contribution to the Group.




Dr. Tang Weikun
Chairman

Hong Kong, 22 March 2023
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022       5


Corporate Profile

GROUP POSITIONING
The Group is an international pharmaceutical company of technological innovation. Its core businesses cover three major areas,
namely pharmaceutical technology, nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment and cerebro-cardiovascular precision
interventional diagnosis and treatment technology and biotechnology. Based on the pharmaceutical and biological industries, the
Group focuses on the needs of patients, and take technological innovation as the driving force. In response to the unmet clinical
needs, the Group will increase its investment in global innovative products and advanced technologies, enrich and improve its
product pipelines, consolidate and strengthen its industrial chain layout, and fully leverage the Group’s industrial strengths and
R&D capabilities to provide more advanced and diverse treatment solutions to patients worldwide.

With unremitting efforts in recent years, the Group has laid a more solid foundation for development, consolidated its operation
scale, gradually optimized its business structure, continued to improve its operation mode, accelerated its pace of transformation
and upgrading, and made various achievements in innovative layout. The Group’s profitability continues to improve and help
facilitate R&D and innovation; its good ability in mergers and acquisitions and integration continues to consolidate the scale of
development; the integration of raw materials and preparations improves the structure of the industrial chain; and the
diversification of business and entities has effectively enhanced the comprehensive advantages.

“Maintain stable growth, strive in innovation and strategic planning”, the Group will stick with the development concept of
“comprehensive strengths, innovation leading and global expansion” and the strategy of “dual-wheel driving development of
independent R&D, global expansion and dual- cycle operation”, the Group has formed a new pattern of domestic and international
cycles that synergize with each other, and is committed to becoming an international pharmaceutical company of technological
innovation, delivering on its promises for doctors and patients, and making significant contribution to the society.
6      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Corporate Profile

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT




                                                   Approximately
      136
       Projects                             HK$    2.45     billion                                                6
    under research                            investment in R&D                                               Technology
                                               and new projects                                                platforms




                     700+                                                        10
                                                                             R&D centers
                   R&D personnel




OVERVIEW OF 136 R&D PROJECTS                                       OVERVIEW OF 55 INNOVATIVE PROJECTS BY
                                                                   THERAPEUTIC AREAS
                                                                              Nuclear medicine anti-tumor    Cerebro-cardiovascular
                             Innovation projects                              diagnosis and treatment        precision interventional
                                        40.4%                                 23.6%                         diagnosis and treatment
                                                                    Others                                                 30.9%
                                                                    5.5%



                                                                    9.1%
                                                                    Tumor




                                                                    10.9%
                                                                    Ophthalmology



                  59.6%                                             3.6%                                                    16.4%
     Generic drug projects                                          Cerebro-cardiovascular                  Respiratory and severe
               and others                                           emergency                                disease anti-infection
                                                                                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2022                          7


Corporate Profile

INNOVATIVE PRODUCT PIPELINE STRATEGIC PLAN
As of 22 March 2023, the R&D progress of the Group’s innovative product pipelines is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                             R&D progress
          Field              Sector                      Direction                            Product                           Indication                            IND/Model                                            NDA/
                                                                                                                                                        Preclinical                Phase I     Phase II     Phase III                  Launch
                                                                                                                                                                      Inspection                                        Registration
                                                                                        GPN00136 (BRM421)                        Dry eye
                                                                                        GPN00153 (CBT-001)                      Pterygium
                        Ophthalmology                 Ophthalmology
                                                                                             GPN00833                Anti-inflammatory and analgesic
                                                                                             GPN00884                Myopia prevention and control
                                                        Respiratory                           Ryaltris                       Allergic rhinitis
                                                                                                                                  Sepsis
                                                                                              STC3141                           COVID-19
                          Respiratory,
    Pharmaceutical
                         severe disease                                                                                            ARDS
      Technology                              Severe disease and anti-infection
                        and anti-infection
                                                                                               APAD                               Sepsis
                                                                                               GS221                   Novel coronavirus infection
                                                                                             GPN00085                         Parainfluenza
                            Cerebro-
                         cardiovascular                 Emergency                            GPN00816                          Anaphylaxis
                          emergency
                                                                                                                         HPV-positive head and
                           Anti-tumor                 Immunotherapy                            A002
                                                                                                                             neck cancer
                                                                                    Y-90 microsphere injection            Malignant liver tumor
                                                                                     Thermosensitive embolic           Hypervascular parenchymal
                                                  Interventional treatment               agent product                       organs tumor
                                                                                                Lava                       Cerebral aneurysm
                                                                                             AuroLase*                       Prostate cancer
                                                                                   TLX591 (177Lu-rosapatumab)                Prostate cancer
                                                                                                                            Prostate cancer -
                                                                                    TLX591-CDx (68Ga-PSMA-11)
                                                                                                                            diagnosisTLX599
                                                                                           TLX599-CDx
                                                                                                                       Prostate cancer - diagnosis
                        Nuclear medicine                                            (99mTc-EDDA/HYNIC-iPSMA)
                         and anti-tumor
                                                                                              TLX250
                          diagnosis and                                                                               Clear cell renal cell carcinoma
                                                                                       (177Lu-girentuximab)
                            treatment
                                                                                            TLX250-CDx                     Clear cell renal cell
                                                     Radionuclide-drug
                                                                                        (89Zr-girentuximab)               carcinoma - diagnosis
                                                      conjugate (RDC)
                                                                                         TLX101 (131I-IPA)                    Glioblastoma
                                                                                                                         Gastroenteropancreatic
                                                                                             TOCscan®                       neuroendocrine
                                                                                                                           tumor - diagnosis
     Technologies on                                                                                                     Gastroenteropancreatic
                                                                                               ITM-11
    nuclear medicine                                                                                                     neuroendocrine tumor
      and anti-tumor                                                                                                     Malignant tumor bone
       diagnosis and                                                                           ITM-41
                                                                                                                              metastases
    treatment as well
        as cerebro-                                                                                                  De novo coronary artery lesions
                                                                                            Restore DCB
      cardiovascular                                                                                                     and in-stent restenosis
          precision                                             Coronary artery
                                                                                                                      Coronary artery imaging and
      interventional                                               vascular
                                                                                             Novasight                 intracavitary interventional
       diagnosis and                                             intervention
                                                                                                                                 surgery
         treatment
                                                                                              IVL CAD                  Moderate/ severe coronary
                                                                                                                        artery/peripheral arterial
                                                                                              IAL PAD                         calcification
                                                                   Peripheral                                        Arteriovenous fistula treatment
                                                                                            APERTO DCB
                                                                    vascular                                                 of hemodialysis
                                                Access            intervention
                            Cerebro-          management                                       aXess                          Hemodialysis
                         cardiovascular
                                                                                           LEGFLOW DCB                 Peripheral vascular disease
                            precision
                         interventional                                                    Stent retriever                   Ischemic stroke
                         diagnosis and
                                                                                   Intracranial balloon dilatation
                           treatment                                                                                       Intracranial stenosis
                                                                                              catheter
                                                                  Neurointer-            Guiding catheter                         Access
                                                                   vention
                                                                                           Microcatheter                          Access
                                                                                        Occlusion balloon                         Access
                                                                                                DCB                        Intracranial stenosis
                                               Structural         Structural
                                                                                               Saturn                      Mitral regurgitation
                                              heart disease      heart disease

                                             Electrophysiology Electrophysiology           Heartlight X3                     Atrial fibrillation
                                              and heart failure   Heart failure               CoRisma                          Heart failure
      China
      Overseas
*     AuroLase: The Group owns the right of first negotiation for that product
8      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Corporate Profile

MAJOR EVENTS
As of the end of 2022, the Group’s major product development and corporate development are as follows:

                         The Group successfully conducted the clinical trials for GS221, which is an oral small molecule 3CL
                         protease inhibitor against COVID-19 developed by the Group with independent intellectual property
    December             rights.
                         Grand Decade, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, entered into an equity subscription agreement
                         with Sirtex HoldCo, pursuant to which Grand Decade subscribed for 29,646,627 shares allotted by Sirtex
                         HoldCo for a consideration of US$35 million. Upon closing, the issued share capital of Sirtex HoldCo is
                         owned as to approximately 42.02% by CDH Genetech, approximately 51.61% by Grand Decade and
                         approximately 6.37% by Natixis.


                         The Group’s RDC drug TLX250-CDx for the diagnosis of ccRCC in the field of nuclear medicine anti-
                         tumor diagnosis and treatment has successfully achieved the clinical endpoint of the overseas phase III
    November             clinical study.




                         The Group’s global innovative drug STC3141 in the field of severe disease has reached the clinical study
                         endpoint in the phase Ib clinical trial for the treatment of ARDS in China.
    October              The China IND application for the Group’s RDC drug TLX591-CDx for the diagnosis of prostate cancer in
                         the field of nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment has been approved by the NMPA.



                         The China IND application for the Group’s RDC drug TLX250-CDx for the diagnosis of ccRCC the field of
                         nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment has been approved by the NMPA.
    September



                         The Group disposed, off the market, approximately half of its shareholding (10,000,000 shares) in Telix
                         at a value of approximately AU$73 million. The Group will not further dispose the remaining 10,947,181
    August               shares it holds in Telix in the coming 12 months.
                         The Group entered into an equity acquisition agreement with Hubei Bafeng to acquire 100% equity
                         interests of Hubei Bafeng with no more than RMB270 million. After the completion of the acquisition,
                         the Group would have 24 registration numbers of amino acid APIs, accounting for more than 70% of
                         the registration numbers in the same segment, making it the pharmaceutical company with the most
                         registration numbers for amino acid APIs in China. This further reinforced the Group’s leading position
                         in the high-quality amino acid segment.
                         The China IND application for the Group’s RDC drug TLX591-CDx for the diagnosis of prostate cancer
                         and TLX250-CDx for the diagnosis of ccRCC in the field of nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and
                         treatment have been officially accepted by the NMPA.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2022        9


Corporate Profile


            The Group’s global innovative drug STC3141 in the field of severe disease completed the enrollment
            and dosing of all patients in the phase Ib clinical trial for the treatment of ARDS in China. The research
  July      report was expected to be completed within the next 6 months; and successfully achieved the primary
            clinical study endpoint in the Phase IIa clinical trial for the treatment of severe COVID-19 conducted in
            Europe.
            The Group and XELTIS entered into a strategic cooperation agreement on equity investment and
            product introduction, pursuant to which, the Group will, subject to the fulfillment of relevant
            conditions, acquire approximately 11% equity interests in XELTIS with EUR15 million in total, in order to
            obtain aXess, a global first-of-its-kind restorative device, and relevant rights regarding other new
            products in the field of hemodialysis developed under the same technology platform in the Greater
            China region. Pursuant to the agreement, the Group had the pre-emptive negotiation right for products
            of XELTIS developed in other indication areas in the Greater China region.

            Beijing Purevalley (an indirect non wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) and Sirtex Medical
            entered into a distribution agreement, pursuant to which Sirtex Medical has appointed Beijing
  June      Purevalley as Sirtex Medical’s exclusive distributor for the resale of the products in the PRC.




            The Group has reached a strategic cooperation agreement with Eye Hospital, WMU. The Group would,
            according to the R&D progress, pay RMB70 million by phases to obtain from Eye Hospital, WMU relevant
  May       rights regarding the technology used in the prevention and treatment of myopia and the new
            ophthalmic preparation (GPN00884) product in the Greater China Region, and subsequently may pay
            certain sales commission subject to the sales conditions of related products.

            Grand Pharma (China), Shanghai Shetai and Wuhan Shetai entered into a capital injection agreement.
            Grand Pharma (China) and Shanghai Shetai, as the existing shareholders of Wuhan Shetai, agreed to
  April     increase the registered capital of Wuhan Shetai by RMB65 million, where Grand Pharma (China) and
            Shanghai Shetai shall make additional capital contributions of RMB21.45 million and RMB43.55 million,
            respectively, in proportion to their respective existing shareholdings in Wuhan Shetai.
            The Group’s global innovative drug STC3141 in the field of severe disease had been approved in
            Belgium to conduct a phase Ib clinical study for the treatment of sepsis.
            The multicenter Phase III clinical trial of Ryaltris Compound Nasal Spray, the Group’s global innovation
            drug for the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis and rhinoconjunctivitis in patients aged 12 years and
            above, completed the first patient enrollment in China.

            The Group entered into a product licensing agreement with Novartis, a world-renowned company in
            Switzerland. The Group would pay Novartis not more than US$20 million and a certain percentage of
 February   the sales commission, to obtain the exclusive commercialization rights of Enerzair® Breezhaler® and
            Atectura® Breezhaler®, two global innovative compound preparations for the treatment of asthma from
            Novartis in mainland China.
            The Group entered into an equity investment agreement with ITM, whereby the Group would subscribe
            new shares of ITM, representing approximately 1.31% of its enlarged share capital, at a consideration of
            EUR25 million.

            The Group received the approval from the NMPA for commercialization its global blockbuster
            innovative product, Yttrium-90 microsphere injections, for the treatment of patients with unresectable
January     colorectal liver metastases who have failed standard of care. The product would provide a new and
            effective treatment modality for patients with liver malignancies in China, offering the opportunity for
            translational therapy and further surgical resection to achieve clinical cure, bridging the gap in the local
            treatment of liver metastases from colorectal cancer.
10      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Corporate Profile

THE GLOBAL LAYOUT OF THE GROUP

 Cardionovum GmbH
                                             InnovHeart S.r.l
 ITM Isotope Technologies Munich SE                                           Cloudbreak Bio-Pharmaceutical Science
                                             ITALY                            and Technology (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.
 GERMANY
                                                                              Chongqing AnTi New Bio-technology
                                                                              Limited
                                                                              BRIM Biotechnology, Inc.
 eTheRNA Immunotherapies NV                  ALK-Abelló A/S                   Shanghai Revolmmune Therapeutics
                                             DENMARK                          Biotechnology Limited
 BELGIUM
                                                                              Formosa Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


                                                                                                           CHINA
 Conavi Medical Inc.

 CANADA




                                                 HOLLAND                       INDIA
                                                 XELTIS AG                      Glenmark Specialty S.A.

     AMERICA
     Sirtex Medical US Holdings, Inc.
     CardioFocus, Inc.
                                                  AUSTRALIA
     Nanospectra Biosciences, Inc.                Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd
     CoRISMA MCS Systems, Inc.                    Gri˜th University
     FastWave Medical Inc.                        The Australian National University
                                                  Telix Pharmaceuticals Limited
     BlackSwan Vascular, Inc.
                                                  Grand Medical Pty Ltd
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022      11


Corporate Profile

Particulars of the Group’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:

Company name and percentage of equity interest                      Positioning and functions


Grand Pharma (China) Co., Ltd. 99.84%                               Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                      pharmaceutical products
Wuhan Wuyao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 99.18%                         Manufacture of pharmaceutical raw materials
Wuhan Grand Hoyo Co., Ltd. 97.67%                                   Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                      amino acid series products
Hubei Grand Life Science & Technology Co., Ltd. 97.43%              Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                      taurine products
Hubei Grand Biotechnology Co., Ltd. 49.69%                          Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                      amino acid series products
Hubei Grand Fuchi Pharmaceutical & Chemicals                        Research and development, manufacture and sales of
  Co., Ltd. 89.60%                                                    agrochemicals, fine chemicals and chemical medicine
Hubei Grand EBE Pharmaceutical Company Limited 99.84%               Manufacture and sales of ophthalmic pharmaceutical products
Wuhan Kernel Bio-tech Co., Ltd. 91.56%                              Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                      bio-technology products series
Hubei Wellness Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 99.84%                      Manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical products
Grand Pharmaceutical Huangshi Feiyun Pharmaceutical                 Research and development, manufacture and sales of
  Co., Ltd. 59.90%                                                    pharmaceutical products
Wuhan Grandpharma Group Sales Co., Ltd. 99.84%                      Sales of pharmaceutical products
Beijing Huajin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 71.88%                      Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                      pharmaceutical products
Beijing Grand Jiuhe Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 96.84%                 Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                      pharmaceutical products
Tianjin Jingming New Technology Development                         Research and development, manufacture and sales of
   Co., Ltd. 73.18%                                                   pharmaceutical products
Zhu Hai Cardionovum Medical Device Co. Ltd. 77.89%                  Sales of medical devices
Xi’an Beilin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 99.84%                        Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                      pharmaceutical products
Wuhan Wuyao Technology Co., Ltd. 99.84%                             Research and development
Grand Medical Pty Ltd. 100%                                         Research and development
Hubei Bafeng Pharmaceuticals & Chemicals Share                      Research and development, manufacture and sales of
  Co., Ltd. 99.84%                                                    pharmaceutical products
12       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Corporate Profile

The principal associates of the Group are as follows:

Company name and percentage of equity interest                           Positioning and functions


Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd 51.61% (Note)                                     Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                         pharmaceutical products
Shanghai Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical                                     Research and development, manufacture and sales of
  Co., Ltd. 55.00%                                                       pharmaceutical products
Cardionovum GmbH 33.33%                                                  Research and development, manufacture and sales of devices


Note: The Group has entered into total return swap transactions with Natixis (a multinational financial services firm incorporated in France), pursuant to
      which, among other things, Natixis shall transfer all the economic benefits and exposure of the approximately 6.37% equity interests in Grand Pharma
      Sphere Pte Ltd. (which wholly owned Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd.) currently held by Natixis to the Company. For details, please refer to the circular of the
      Company dated 13 September 2021 and the announcements of the Company dated 30 September 2021, 11 August 2021 and 2 July 2021.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022   13


Corporate Profile

DEFINITIONS
In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall have the meanings set out below:

“AF”                           Atrial Fibrillation

“APERTO® OTW”                  Paclitaxel Releasing Hemodialysis Shunt Balloon Dilatation Catheter

“ARDS”                         Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome

“Beijing Purevalley”           Beijing Purevalley Biotechnology Co., Ltd (北京普爾偉業生物科技有限公司), a limited liability
                               company established in the PRC and an indirect non wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

“ccRCC”                        Clear cell renal cell carcinoma

“CDH Genetech”                 CDH Genetech Limited, a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability

“COVID-19”                     2019 novel coronavirus disease

“Grand Decade”                 Grand Decade Developments Limited, a limited company incorporated under the laws of the British
                               Virgin Islands and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

“Grand Pharm (China)”          Grand Pharmaceutical (China) Company Limited, a company incorporated in the PRC, being a
                               subsidiary of the Company owned as to 99.84%

“Greater Bay Area”             The Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area

“Greater China Region”         Mainland China, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macao Special
                               Administrative Region of the PRC, Taiwan of the PRC

“FDA”                          United States Food and Drug Administration

“Hubei Bafeng”                 Hubei Provincial Bafeng Pharmaceuticals and Chemicals Share Co., Ltd.

“ICS”                          Inhaled Glucocorticoid

“IND”                          Investigational New Drug Applications

“ITM”                          ITM Isotope Technologies Munich SE

“LABA”                         Long-acting ß2 agonist

“LAMA”                         Long-acting muscarinic antagonist
14         Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Corporate Profile


“LEGFLOW® OTW”                 Paclitaxel Releasing Peripheral Balloon Dilatation Catheter

“mRNA”                         messenger RNA

“Natixis”                      Natixis, a limited company incorporated in France

“NMPA”                         National Medical Products Administration

“Novartis”                     Novartis AG.

“RDC”                          Radionuclide-drug conjugate

“RESTORE DEB®”                 Paclitaxel Releasing Coronary Balloon Dilatation Catheter

“Ruijin-Hainan Hospital”       Ruijin-Hainan Hospital Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine (Boao Research Hospital)
                               (上海交通大學醫學院附屬瑞金醫院海南醫院暨博鰲研究型醫院)

“SARS-CoV–2”                   COVID-19 virus

“Shanghai Shetai”              Shanghai Shetai Medical Technology Limited, a company established in the PRC with limited
                               liability

“Sirtex”                       Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd

“Sirtex HoldCo”                Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd., a company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of
                               Singapore with limited liability, which is owned as to approximately 42.02% by CDH Genetech,
                               approximately 51.61% by Grand Decade and approximately 6.37% by Natixis

“Sirtex Medical”               Sirtex Medical Singapore Pte Ltd., a limited company established pursuant to Singapore laws and a
                               wholly-owned subsidiary of Sirtex HoldCo

“TAVO™”                        Tavokinogene Telseplasmid

“Telix”                        Telix Pharmaceuticals Limited

“Tianjin Jingming”             Tianjin Jingming New Technology Development Co., Ltd.

“WMU”                          WenZhou Medical University

“Wuhan Shetai Medical”         Wuhan Shetai Medical Technology Co., Ltd, a company established in the PRC with limited liability
                               and the shares of which are owned as to 33% by Grand Pharma (China) and 67% by Shanghai Shetai

“XELTIS”                       XELTIS AG
                                                                                 Annual Report 2022   15


Financial Summary

業 績 R ESULTS
                                             Year ended 31 December
                             2022          2021                      2020          2019            2018
                           HK$’000       HK$’000                   HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000


Revenue                   9,562,285     8,597,975                 6,352,919     6,590,635      5,958,355
Profit before tax         2,516,893     2,785,832                 2,073,583     1,355,973        883,899
Income tax                 (418,642)     (380,800)   1,781,209
                                                                   (292,374)     (230,485)      (147,460)
Profit for the year       2,098,251     2,405,032                 1,781,209     1,125,488        736,439


ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                                    As at 31 December
                             2022          2021                      2020          2019            2018
                           HK$’000       HK$’000                   HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000


Total assets             22,371,061    21,057,030                16,984,345    13,813,307     13,496,659
Total liabilities        (8,162,401)   (7,614,168)               (5,640,136)   (5,302,300)    (6,062,032)
Net assets               14,208,660    13,442,862                11,344,209     8,511,007      7,434,627
16                         Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Financial Summary

Revenue growth
Table 1.1


                                                                         CAGR

 Unit: HK$ million
                     12,000


                     10,000
                                                                         15 %
                                                                                               9,562
                                                                                       8,598
                       8,000

                                                            6,591              6,353
                       6,000                     5,958


                       4,000


                       2,000


                            0
                                                     2018       2019            2020    2021    2022




Increase rate of net profit attributable to the owners of the Company
Table 1.2


                                                                       CAGR*

Unit: HK$ million
                      2,500
                                                                       36%
                                                                                               2,137
                      2,000                                                            1,917


                                                                               1,524
                      1,500

                                                            1,151
                      1,000

                                                     713

                        500



                           0
                                                     2018       2019           2020    2021    2022




*                    Excluding the effect of Telix
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022      17


Management Discussion and Analysis

BUSINESS REVIEW
During 2022 and up to 22 March 2023, the Group had a total of 38 significant milestones, including 25 innovative products, 9
generic products, 3 API products and 1 major merger and acquisition.

Innovative products
Nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment:

—     Yttrium-90 microsphere injections, a blockbuster product of the nuclear medicine anti-tumor segment, was approved for
      commercialization in China;

—     The Investigational New Drug (“IND”) application for the global innovative nuclear medicine product TLX591-CDx was
      submitted and approved in China;

—     The IND application for the global innovative nuclear medicine product TLX250-CDx was submitted and approved in China,
      and successfully met the clinical endpoint of phase III of an overseas clinical study;

—     The IND application for the global innovative nuclear medicine product TLX101 was submitted and accepted in China;

—     The IND application for the global innovative nuclear medicine product ITM-11 was submitted and accepted in China.

Cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment:

—     OTW intracranial balloon dilatation catheter Cai Yu® (彩鷸®), a neurointerventional product, was approved for
      commercialization in China;

—     Occlusion balloon catheter Ti Hu® (鵜鶘®), a neurointerventional product, was approved for commercialization in China;

—     The application for NOVASIGHT Hybrid, a new medical imaging device for intracavity diagnosis, was accepted for
      commercialization in China;

—     aXess, a global innovative endogenous tissue repair product for hemodialysis, was introduced to expand the R&D product
      pipeline;

—     The application for the commercialization of HeartLight X3 laser ablation platform, a global innovative medical device, has
      been submitted in China;

—     HeartLight X3 laser ablation platform, a global innovative medical device, completed the first chartered access laser ablation
      operation for the treatment of atrial fibrillation in China at Ruijin-Hainan Hospital of Shanghai Jiaotong University School of
      Medicine and Boao Research Hospital (“Ruijin-Hainan Hospital”).
18     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Management Discussion and Analysis

Respiratory and severe disease anti-infection:

—     Enerzair® Breezhaler® and Atectura® Breezhaler®, the two global innovative compound preparations for the treatment of
      asthma, were successfully included in the National Reimbursement Drug List (2022 edition);

—     The first patient was dosed in the phase III clinical trial of Ryaltris compound nasal spray, an innovative product, in China;

—     The phase IIa clinical trial of STC3141, a global innovative drug, for the treatment of severe COVID-19 in Europe successfully
      met the primary clinical trial endpoint;

—     The phase Ib clinical trial of STC314, a global innovative drug, for the treatment of acute respiratory distress syndrome
      (“ARDS”) in China successfully met the primary clinical trial endpoint;

—     STC3141, a global innovative drug, was approved to commence the phase Ib clinical trial for the treatment of sepsis in
      Belgium;

—     The phase Ib clinical trial of STC3141, a global innovative drug, for the treatment of sepsis has completed the enrolment and
      dosing of all patients;

—     The clinical trials of GS221, an innovative oral small molecule 3CL protease inhibitor against COVID-19 virus were successfully
      conducted and the results showed that GS221 has potential clinical benefits for the patients;

—     The IND application for APAD, a global innovative drug for the treatment of sepsis, was submitted and accepted in China;

Ophthalmology:

—     GPN00884, a new ophthalmic preparation for myopia control, was introduced to expand the R&D product pipeline;

—     The IND application for BRM421, a global innovative drug for the treatment of dry eye, was submitted and accepted in
      China;

—     The IND application for GPN00833, an improved new drug for anti-inflammatory and pain relief after ophthalmology surgery,
      was submitted and accepted in China;

—     CBT-001, an innovative and improved new drug for the treatment of pterygium, was approved by the National Medical
      Products Administration of China (the “NMPA”) to commence a Phase III clinical study;

—     The application for the commercialization of trypan blue ophthalmic anterior capsule staining agent, an innovative device,
      was submitted and accepted in China.

Cerebro-cardiovascular emergency drug:

—     Jext®, a pre-filled epinephrine auto-injector for the treatment of severe allergic reactions, was granted approval for
      Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area Imported Pharmaceuticals for Urgent Clinical Needs in Mainland China.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022      19


Management Discussion and Analysis

Generic products
There were 9 products approved for commercialization, among which, the epinephrine hydrochloride injection (pre-filled) is the
first type 3 generic products being approved for commercialization in China.

API products
There were 3 API products passed the CEP registration of the European Union.

Merger and acquisition
In the field of biotechnology, the Group has completed the acquisition of 100% equity interest in Hubei Bafeng Pharmaceuticals &
Chemicals Share Co., Ltd. (湖北省八峰藥化股份有限公司) (“Hubei Bafeng”). Currently, we have 24 API registration certificates
for amino acids, covering more than 70% of registration certificates in the same category, and became the pharmaceutical
company with the largest numbers of API registration certificates for amino acids in China.

In addition, the Group has also made significant progress in the construction of its R&D centers and production bases.

R&D centers:

The International R&D Center in Optics Valley, Wuhan, the mRNA R&D Center in Nanjing, Grand Pharma — Shandong University
Radiopharmaceutical Research Institute (遠大醫藥 — 山東大學放射性藥物研究院) and the Innovative Device R&D and
Production Base in Wuhan were officially put into operation, which further enhanced the Group’s R&D capabilities in innovative
drugs, mRNA technology and nuclear medicine, as well as the capability to localize innovative medical devices and the
independent R&D and production capacity;

The International R&D Center in Optics Valley, Wuhan is used to develop innovative products in the fields of ophthalmology,
respiratory and severe disease anti-infection, oncology, cerebro-cardiovascular emergency and other treatments. With a gross floor
area of more than 13,000 square meters, the R&D center is equipped with international advanced scientific research equipment
and instruments to conduct the research and development of small molecular drugs, polypeptide drugs and high-end complex
dosage drugs, and has established special laboratories for new drug efficacy evaluation, process thermal safety evaluation,
crystallization process and continuous flow process research. The Group has the qualifications for R&D innovation and technology
platforms at the provincial level and above, such as the National Enterprise Technology Center (國家級企業技術中心), the Hubei
Provincial Engineering Technology Research Center of Ophthalmic Pharmaceuticals (湖北省眼用製劑工程技術研究中心) and
the Hubei Provincial Engineering Technology Research Center of Chemical Pharmaceuticals for Rare Diseases (湖北省罕見病化學
藥品工程技術研究中心), and has established the National Postdoctoral Research Station.

The mRNA R&D Centers in Nanjing/Belgium are mainly engaged in the development of anti-tumor and anti-infection drugs based
on mRNA technology. Currently, the Group has built a mRNA antigen design and optimization platform, an organ-targeted LNP
technology platform, and a pharmacological and toxicological R&D platform, etc., and establishing GMP-level pilot R&D and
production center to bridge the important links from technology R&D to production to meet the requirements of all phases of
clinical research for therapeutic and preventive mRNA drugs.
20     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Management Discussion and Analysis

The Group and Shandong University has jointly established the Institute of Radiopharmaceutical Research of Grand Pharma and
Shandong University, to carry out in-depth cooperation in product development, academic research, resource sharing and talent
training in the field of radiopharmaceutical R&D. The Institute will strengthen the Group’s R&D capability of its radiopharmaceutical
diagnosis and treatment platform, improve the level of preclinical research and patent technology barriers, and provide technical
support and material conditions for the development of new products. At the same time, it will facilitate the cultivation of more
high-end technical talents in the field of radiopharmaceuticals and help industrialize the scientific research results in the field of
radiopharmaceuticals.

The R&D and production base for innovative devices in Wuhan is a domestic R&D and production base, with active devices, for the
diagnosis and treatment technology of cardio-cerebrovascular precision intervention. The base, covering an area of about 4,000
square meters, is equipped with class 10k cleanrooms and partial class 10k clean areas, which can meet the production and
assembly needs of three types of medical devices.

Production bases:

The amino acid production base in Xiantao City, Hubei Province, China, has officially started construction, and will be officially put
into production in 2023. The operation of the production base will further expand the production capacity of a number of high-
quality amino acid varieties of the Group and provide sustainable momentum for the Group’s amino acid segment to grow
profitably in the future. Also located in Xiantao City, the production base of APIs for minority-variety medicines (drugs in short
supply) has been officially commenced operation, which will further expand the production capacity and ensure the market
supply of minority-variety medicines in short supply.

BUSINESS INTRODUCTION
The Group has strong technological innovation strength, outstanding internationalization strength, solid industrial foundation,
complete industrial chain and significant comprehensive advantages in the integration of raw materials and preparations. The
Group has more than 90 products included in the National Essential Drug List (2018 version) and more than 200 products included
in the National Reimbursement Drug List for Basic Medical Insurance, Work-Related Injury Insurance and Maternity Insurance (2022
version).

PHARMACEUTICAL TECHNOLOGY
With years of experience in the fields of ophthalmology, respiratory and severe disease anti-infection, as well as cerebro-
cardiovascular emergency, the Group currently has a number of products with high entry barrier and exclusive products with
leading market shares, a strong brand name and a solid market position, and also reserves a number of innovative products.

Through an innovation model combining global technology cooperation and independent R&D, the Group has established the
International R&D Center in Optics Valley, Wuhan, the Glycomics R&D Center in Australia, the mRNA R&D Centers in Nanjing/
Belgium and the DNA R&D Center in the United States in the field of pharmaceutical technology. These R&D centers and
technology platforms will continue to empower and provide continuous technological support for the Group’s R&D and
innovation in the field of pharmaceutical technology.

Ophthalmology Segment
The Group has nearly 30 products on sale in the ophthalmology segment, covering the anterior segment and fundus of the eye,
mainly focusing on major indications such as dry eye, retinal hemorrhage, glaucoma, cataract, anti-inflammation and myopia,
covering chemical preparations, Chinese drug preparations and eye health products, including prescription drugs, OTC drugs,
medical devices, consumer goods and other major categories, creating a “public eye care ecosystem” by integrating “prevention +
treatment + health care”. In terms of innovation and R&D, the Group has reserved a few world-wide innovative products for the
treatment of “myopia”, “dry eye”, “pterygium” and “anti-inflammatory and analgesic after ophthalmology surgery”. In the future,
the field will adhere to the development strategy of “leading by the blockbuster innovative drugs and devices, and based on the
products of the public eye care ecosystem”, continuously strengthen the influence of the industry, and achieve new
breakthroughs in the business field.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022      21


Management Discussion and Analysis

Ophthalmology products

The ophthalmology products of the Group include Rui Zhu (polyvinyl alcohol eye drop), He Xue Ming Mu tablets, Fuming series,
Bai Nei Ting, Jie Qi, Nuo Ming, etc.

Rui Zhu (polyvinyl alcohol eye drop) is a single-piece preservative-free artificial tear and currently the first-line drug for the
treatment of dry eye. It is recommended by experts such as the Expert Consensus on Prevention and Control of Cataract Surgery
in China (2021) (《中國白內障圍手術期乾眼防治專家共識(二零二一年)》), the Expert Consensus on Sterily Surgery in China
(2020) (《中國乾眼專家共識(2020年)》), the Expert Consensus on Refractive Surgery in Laser Corneal Surgery in China (2019)
(《中國激光角膜屈光手術圍手術期用專家共識(2019年)》), and the Expert Consensus on Diagnosis and Treatment of
Functional Disorder of Bleacne in China (2017) (《我國瞼板腺功能障礙診斷與治療專家共識(2017年)》). Rui Zhu has good
brand recognition and was awarded the China Wellknown Trademark in 2017; and was awarded the CPEO Gold Award for seven
consecutive years from 2016 to 2022, namely the “Healthy China Brand List”. The Group achieved good results growth in the
product promotion of prescription drugs and non-prescription drugs. At the same time, the Group strengthened the academic-
driven development of e-commerce platforms to empower sales and maintain the steady growth of Rui Zhu.

He Xue Ming Mu tablet, which is produced by three classical formulae, namely the Siwutang (四物湯), Erzhiwan (二至丸) and
Shengpuhuangtang (生蒲黃湯), has the functions of cooling blood hemostasis, moisturising dryness and removing blood stasis,
and nourishing liver and eye-brightening, and is mainly used for the treatment of retinal hemorrhage caused by the cloudy liver
and the heat-burn winding. Since He Xue Ming Mu tablet has been the exclusive product in China, the State Protected Chinese
Medicine, the National Reimbursement Drug List (2022 edition) and the National Essential Drug List (2018 edition) for the last 20
years since its commercialization, the Group has accumulated a large number of clinical research data and application experience
in the field of retinal hemorrhage, which has been included in a number of guidelines/consensus such as the Practical Ophthalmic
Medicine and the Expert Consensus on Clinical Application of He Xue Ming Mu Tablets for the Treatment of Wet Age-related
Macular Degeneration (《和血明目片治療濕性年齡相關性黃斑變性臨床應用專家共識》) and provides valuable reference for
clinical use of the products, and the sales of products continue to grow steadily.

Innovative R&D pipeline

While creating a public eye care ecosystem, the Group also reserved four innovative drugs in the direction of clear clinical needs
for myopia, dry eye, pterygium and anti-inflammatory and pain relief after ophthalmology surgery:

GPN00153, an improved new drug for the treatment of pterygium (CBT-001):

It is an innovative and improved product, Nintedanib, which is used for the treatment of pulmonary fibrosis. It inhibits
neovascularization and tissue fibrosis. Currently, the phase II clinical trial has been completed in the United States with high safety
and significant clinical efficacy, which can inhibit the growth of pterygium and control the aggravation of the disease. The global
phase III clinical trial for CBT-001 has commenced in June 2022 and its phase III clinical trial in China has been approved to
commence by the NMPA in March 2023.

GPN00833, an improved new drug hormone nano-suspension eye drops for anti-inflammatory and pain relief after
ophthalmology surgery:

It is a potent glucocorticoid and has efficient local anti-inflammatory and strong capillary contraction effect. Its unique
nanopreparation technique effectively eliminates the risk of low bioavailability and safety due to the low water solubility of
hormones products. The completed phase III clinical trial in the United States showed that GPN00833 has good treatment results
and safety at lower concentrations, and provides faster clearance of post-operative ocular inflammation, rapid and sustained relief
of eye pain and fewer side effects than the US standard of care. Currently, the product has submitted an IND application in China,
which was accepted by the NMPA in January 2023.
22     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Management Discussion and Analysis

GPN00136, a world-wide innovative drug for dry eye (BRM421):

It is small molecule peptide eye drops that can accelerate the division and proliferation of limbal stem cells, and in turn stimulate
the repair of ocular surface. According to the phase II clinical study data completed in the United States, compared to cyclosporine
eye drops currently commercialized for the treatment of dry eye, BRM421 has high safety and low irritation, as well as the potential
to quickly alleviate the signs and symptoms of dry eye within two weeks. Currently, the product has entered Phase III clinical
studies overseas, and has submitted an IND application for registration in China, which was accepted by the NMPA in January
2023.

GPN00884, a new eye preparation for myopia control:

It is an improved new drug jointly developed by the Group and the Eye Hospital of Wenzhou Medical University (“WMU”) and is
currently in an early stage of development. The Eye Hospital of WMU is one of the largest specialized ophthalmology hospitals in
China. As a leader in the field of basic research and clinical prevention and control of refractive errors in China, the Eye Hospital of
WMU is the only medical institution that has three national platforms, including the State Key Laboratory of Ophthalmology,
Optometry and Vision Science, the National Eye Optometry Engineering Technology Research Center, and the National Eye
Disease Clinical Medical Research Center. The strategic cooperation with WMU will lay a good foundation for the Group to further
expand its presence in the field of myopia treatment.

Respiratory and Severe Disease Anti-infection Segment
The Group has more than 10 products on sale in the respiratory and severe disease anti- infection segment, covering a wide range
of indications such as rhinitis, pharyngitis, bronchitis, pneumonia and asthma. The treatment for COVID-19 patients, in particular,
allows for essentially full coverage of the course of disease. The core products, Qie Nuo (Eucalyptol, Limonene and Pinene Enteric
Soft Capsules) and Jinsang Series (Jinsang Kaiyin Tablet/Capsule/Pill/Granules, Jinsang Qingyin Tablet/Capsule/Pill/Granules,
Jinsang Liyan Tablet/Capsule/Pill/Granules, Jinsang Sanjie Tablet/Capsule/Pill/Granules), Enerzair® Breezhaler® and Atectura®
Breezhaler® are both exclusive products nationwide. A number of products such as Nuo Tong (Xylometazoline Hydrochloride), Li
Mei Song (Nimesulide) and Antiviral Oral-Liquid are in the leading position in their respective segments.

The innovative strategic plan in this field focuses on the unmet significant clinical needs, with a number of products under
research, covering allergic rhinitis, sepsis, ARDS, parainfluenza and novel coronavirus infection, etc. Among which, the product for
the treatment of allergic rhinitis has entered the registration clinical stage. The GS221 clinical trial for the treatment of novel
coronavirus infection in China is progressing smoothly. STC3141, a global innovative drug for severe diseases such as sepsis, has
received seven clinical approvals in five countries. The Phase Ib clinical study for ARDS in China and the Phase IIa clinical study for
severe COVID-19 in Europe have both reached clinical endpoints, while other international global multi-centre clinical trials are
also progressing smoothly. The IND application for another global innovative product for the treatment of sepsis, APAD, was
submitted and accepted by NMPA. In the future, the Group will continue to adopt the R&D concept of independent R&D and
global expansion to create a full-cycle management product cluster for chronic airway diseases and a pipeline of anti-infection
products for severe diseases, so as to continuously strengthen the Group’s industry position in this field.

Respiratory products

The main products include Qie Nuo, Jinsang Series, Enerzair® Breezhaler® and Atectura® Breezhaler®, Nuo Tong, Li Mei Song, Antiviral
Oral-Liquid etc.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022       23


Management Discussion and Analysis

Qie Nuo:

It is a soluble and phlegm-free drug for viscosity, and is suitable for acute and chronic rhinosinusitis as well as respiratory diseases
such as acute and chronic bronchitis, pneumonia, bronchial dilation, pulmonary abscess, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease,
bacterial infection in the lungs, tuberculosis, and silica lungs. It can also be used for bronchoscopic angiography to facilitate the
discharge of contrast medium. It is a national exclusive product independently developed by the Group with two separate types
of drugs for adult and children’s use and was included in China’s National Reimbursement Drug List in 2017 and China’s National
Essential Drug List in 2018 respectively, and was listed in the Top Brands of the Health Industry in 2022 (二零二二年健康產業品牌
銳榜). Currently, there are 11 guidelines and 12 expert consensus recommending the use of viscosity dissolving promotors for
clinical use. Among them, 9 guidelines and 5 expert consensus explicitly recommend eucalyptol, limonene and pinene enteric soft
capsules or its active ingredients for clinical treatment, such as the Diagnosis and Treatment Guidelines for Cough (2021) (《咳嗽
的診斷與治療指南(2021)》), the Guidelines for Rational Use of Drugs for Chronic COPD in Primary Care 2020) (《慢性阻塞性肺
疾病基層合理用藥指南(2020)》), the Chinese Expert Consensus — Chinese (2015) on High-secretion Management of
Gastrointestinal Adhesis for Chronic Gastropic Diseases (《慢性氣道炎症性疾病氣道黏液高分泌管理中國專家共識 — 中文版
(2015)》), etc. In addition, the Beijing Municipal Health Commission has included Qie Nuo in the Catalogue of Drugs for People
Infected with Novel Coronavirus (《新冠病毒感染者用藥目錄》). Its clinical status is prominent, and the level of recognition
among doctors and patients is high, continuing to lead the market of oral cough relieving and phlegm relieving drugs.

Jinsang Series Products:
They are exclusive products nationwide, covering all the diseases of the throat, among which, Jinsang Sanjie Capsule is used for
the treatment of chronic hoarseness disease caused by heat and poisoning storage and airtight blood stasis (vocal nodules, polyp
of vocal cords, thickening of mucosa of vocal cords) and the resulting hoarseness. Jinsang Sanjie Capsule has been widely used in
clinical application for more than 30 years since its commercialization. Jinsang Liyan Capsule is the only Chinese patent medicine
for the treatment of throat diseases caused by intraocular obstruction of liver depression and phlegm and humidification. It is also
an ideal medicine for the treatment of pharyngeal symptoms in clinical operation, gastroesophageal reflux pharyngitis, and
chronic and thick pharyngitis. Jinsang Kaiyin Capsule is designed for the rapid effect of acute pharyngitis as well as throat redness,
swelling, heat, pain and hoarning caused by acute pharyngitis. Several products have been included in the Guidelines for the
Diagnosis and Treatment of Common Diseases in Otorhinolaryngology of China (《中國耳鼻咽喉科常見病診療指南》) issued
by the Chinese Association of Traditional Chinese Medicine, the Clinical Drug Guidelines (《臨床用藥指南》) for the diagnosis
and treatment of clinicians, the authoritative monographs of the Manual for Common Traditional Chinese Medicine of
Otorhinolaryngology (《常見眼耳鼻咽喉科中成藥手冊》) and the Practical Otorhinolaryngology Head and Neck Surgery (《實
用耳鼻咽喉頭頸外科學》), etc., and are included in a number of clinical pathways and expert diagnosis and treatment
guidelines. In January 2022, the Expert Consensus on the Clinical Application of Jinsang Sanjie Capsules for the Treatment of Vocal
Nodules and Polyp of Vocal Cords (《金嗓散結膠囊治療聲帶小結、聲帶息肉臨床應用專家共識》) was issued by the Chinese
Association of Traditional Chinese Medicine, which has also provided new support for the evidence-based development of Jinsang
Sanjie products. Jinsang Sanjie and Jinsang Kaiyin Capsules are products on the National Reimbursement Drug List. Jinsang Kaiyin
and Qingyin are dual cross-over products with both prescription and over-the-counter drugs. Jinsang Kaiyin and Liyan have been
included in the list of the third batch of medical supply assurance enterprises and drugs for epidemic prevention and control in
Shaanxi Province.
24      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Management Discussion and Analysis

Enerzair® Breezhaler® (indacaterol acetate, glycopyrronium bromide and mometasone
furoate powder for inhalation II) and Atectura® Breezhaler® (indacaterol acetate and
mometasone furoate powder for inhalation II, III):
Enerzair® Breezhaler® is the first triple combination inhalation preparation for asthma
indications approved in China for the maintenance treatment of asthma in adults not
adequately controlled with the maintenance combination treatment of long-acting beta2-
adrenergic agonist (LABA) and inhaled corticosteroid (ICS). The product has clear efficacy,
is convenient to use, and has achieved breakthroughs in three aspects: (1) using an
optimized drug combination of ICS, LABA and long-acting muscarinic receptor antagonist (LAMA) (i.e. mometasone furoate/
indacaterol acetate/glycopyrronium bromide), the three effective ingredients can provide synergy benefit, and compared with the
conventional high dose ICS-LABA and high dose ICS-LABA combined with LAMA opened triple combination, Enerzair® Breezhaler®
can effectively improve the clinical symptoms and lung function of patients with moderate to severe asthma, and significantly
reduce the risk of acute attacks; (2) dosing once a day, which significantly facilitates the patient and is expected to improve the
compliance; (3) using the advanced Breezhaler® inhalation device, which is easy to operate, and provides patients with triple
confirmation of dosing as audible, tasteable, and visible, enhancing patients’ confidence that the complete dose has been taken.
The ARGON phase III clinical study of the product shows that, compared with high dose Salmeterol-Fluticasone powder for
inhalation combined with Tiotropium Bromide Spray opened triple combination, Enerzair® Breezhaler® significantly reduce the
annualized rate of moderate exacerbations (based on 24 weeks data) by 43%. Atectura® Breezhaler® is an innovative combination
of ICS mometasone furoate and LABA indacaterol acetate for the maintenance treatment of adult and 12 years old above
adolescent patients with asthma. Atectura® Breezhaler® also has the characteristics including “visible and controllable, precise
inhalation, once a day” etc. It can significantly improve the lung function of patients and reduce the risk of acute attacks, and is a
new choice for optimal treatment of asthma patients. The phase III clinical study of the product shows that, compared with the
conventional high dose Salmeterol-Fluticasone powder for inhalation, Atectura® Breezhaler® can significantly improve the risk of
acute attack in patients, and the risk of severe, moderately severe and all acute attack categories is reduced by approximately 26%,
22% and 19% respectively. Both products were officially included in the category-B medicines management scope in China’s
National Reimbursement Drug List for Basic Medical Insurance, Work-Related Injury Insurance and Maternity Insurance (2022
version) (《國家基本醫療保險、工傷保險和生育保險藥品目錄(2022年版)》), and provide new treatment method for people
receiving long-term asthma treatment.

Nuo Tong:

It is a nasal decongestant to relieve nasal congestion, and is suitable for relieving nasal congestion caused by acute and chronic
rhinitis, sinusitis, allergic rhinitis, hypertrophic rhinitis and other nasal disorders. It does not contain hormones or ephedrine and is
suitable for both adults and children. Nuo Tong is divided into two dosage forms: nasal drops and nasal spray, of which the nasal
spray is the exclusive domestic dosage form and is the leading product among its generic counterparts. The product has been
included in clinical guidelines such as Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Allergic Rhinitis in China (Revised Edition
2022) (《中國變應性鼻炎診斷和治療指南(二零二二年，修訂版)》), Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Allergic
Rhinitis in Children (Revised Edition 2022) (《兒童變應性鼻炎診斷和治療指南(二零二二年，修訂版)》), Recommendations for
the Diagnosis and Treatment of Sinusitis in Children (《兒童鼻 — 鼻竇診斷和治療建議》) and Guidelines for the Home
Treatment of Novel Coronavirus Patients (《新冠病毒感染者居家治療指南》) issued by the Joint Prevention and Control
Mechanism of the State Council.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022      25


Management Discussion and Analysis

Li Mei Song:

It is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug with anti-inflammatory, analgesic and antipyretic effects, and is suitable for the
treatment for pain of chronic arthritis (e.g. osteoarthritis), pain after surgery and acute trauma, and symptoms treatment of primary
dysmenorrhea. Li Mei Song is a product on the National Reimbursement Drug List and is the only product in China that has passed
the consistency evaluation of Nimesulide. It was included in various expert consensus and clinical guidelines such as the Chinese
Expert Consensus on the Use of Drugs in Super-drug Labels for Rheumatoid Arthritis (2022 Edition) (《類風濕關節炎超藥品說明
書用藥中國專家共識(2022版)》), Expert Consensus on Clinical Pharmacotherapy of Osteoarthritis (《骨關節炎臨床藥物治療專
家共識》), Expert Consensus on the Diagnosis and Pain Management of Acute Closed Soft Tissue Injury (《急性閉合性軟組織損
傷診療與疼痛管理專家共識》) and Anhui Province Guidelines for the Hierarchical Diagnosis and Treatment of Upper Respiratory
Tract Infections (2017 Edition) (《安徽省上呼吸道感染分級診療指南(2017版)》). In the symptomatic treatment of COVID-19, Li
Mei Song has significant efficacy. A recent study published in “The Lancet” on novel coronavirus drugs showed that oral
Nimesulide was more effective in controlling pain and had fewer gastrointestinal side effects when compared to oral ibuprofen.

Antiviral Oral-Liquid:

Antiviral Oral-Liquid, used for wind-heat colds, influenza, is the only product which has sugar free specification that is produced
and sold among the TOP10 brands of antiviral oral-liquid market share in retail channels in China. The product was included in
2017, 2019, 2021 and 2022 Edition of China’s National Reimbursement Drug List, and was recommended in the Guidelines for the
diagnosis and treatment of hand, foot, and mouth disease (2010 Edition) of Ministry of Health of China. It was included in the
Expert Consensus on Clinical Application of Antiviral Oral-Liquid in the Treatment of Influenza* (《抗病毒口服液治療流感臨床應
用專家共識》) formulated by the expert group related to traditional Chinese medicines in 2020; and was included in the Expert
Consensus on the Prevention and Treatment of COVID-19 with Proprietary Chinese Medicines* (《中成藥防治新型冠狀病毒肺炎
專家共識》) and the Catalogue of Drugs for People Infected with the Novel Coronavirus (《新冠病毒感染者用藥目錄》) issued
by the Beijing Municipal Health Commission in 2022.

Innovative R&D pipeline

Based on unmet clinical needs, the Group has reserved five global innovative drugs for the indications of seasonal allergic rhinitis,
sepsis, ARDS, COVID-19 and parainfluenza.

Ryaltris, a new compound nasal spray for the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis:

Ryaltris is a new glucocorticoid and antihistamine compound nasal spray. Currently, the product has
been approved for commercialization in the United States, Australia, South Korea, Russia, the United
Kingdom, the European Union as well as other countries and regions. In terms of registration in China,
it was approved to commence a phase III clinical trial for the treatment of allergic rhinitis and
rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms in patients aged 12 and above in October 2021, in which the first patient
was enrolled in April 2022. At present, the clinical trial is progressing smoothly.

GS221, an oral small-molecule 3CL protease inhibitor against novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) infection:

GS221 is an oral small-molecule 3CL protease inhibitor against novel coronavirus infection developed by the Group with
independent intellectual property rights. Preclinical studies showed that GS221 exhibits effective inhibition of SARS-CoV-2 and its
various variant strains, and animal studies and phase I clinical trials showed a high level of product safety. Compared with other
similar oral products against SARS-CoV-2 infection, GS221 shows better metabolic stability and bioavailability. In September 2022,
GS221 received the Notice of Approval for Clinical Trial issued by NMPA and three corresponding clinical trial studies were
promptly initiated. The results of the currently completed clinical trials showed a high level of post-drug safety and tolerability in
subjects, with no adverse events that are material in nature or required discontinuation of medication being observed. The results
also showed tendency of improved clinical symptoms, shorter time for negative result in nucleic acid test, and faster viral load
reduction, suggesting the potential clinical benefits of GS221 for patients. It is expected that GS221 and STC3141 are able to cover
the treatments for patients with mild, moderate and severe case of COVID-19, providing additional therapeutic services to patients
with unmet clinical needs.
26     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Management Discussion and Analysis

STC3141, a global innovative drug for the treatment of severe diseases:

STC3141 is a small molecule compound with a novel mechanism of action independently developed by the Group, which can be
used to reverse organ damage caused by excessive immune responses by neutralizing extracellular free histones and neutrophil
traps and is applicable to multiple severe disease indications. STC3141 is currently in three clinical studies worldwide. Among
which, the phase Ib clinical study for the treatment of patients with ARDS received clinical approval in China in early March 2021,
which has successfully reached clinical endpoint in October 2022. According to the study results, no potential safety issues that
are material in nature or unintended consequences were shown in the overall safety profile, suggesting a high level of safety and
tolerability. Compared to standard treatments, STC3141 showed positive signs in terms of mitigating the severity of ARDS,
improving the prognosis of ARDS patients, helping ARDS patients off the ventilator and reducing the length of ICU stay among
other indicators. The phase IIa clinical trial for the treatment of severe COVID-19 received clinical approval in Belgium, Poland and
the United Kingdom from April to October 2021, respectively, and all clinical studies have been currently completed. The results of
the study showed that the study of STC3141 for the treatment of severe COVID-19 has achieved the primary endpoint pre-set by
the clinical program, with no serious drug-related adverse reactions found and showing a high level of tolerability in patients. The
phase Ib clinical study for the treatment of sepsis received clinical approval in Australia and Belgium in May 2020 and April 2022,
respectively. The study completed full patient enrollment and started administration in February 2023, and a clinical study report
is expected to be released in the second quarter of 2023.

APAD, a global innovative drug for the treatment of sepsis:

APAD is a small molecule compound with a novel mechanism of action independently developed by the Group, which can
antagonize a variety of pathogen-related molecules. The preclinical trial data showed that it can play a therapeutic role in sepsis
caused by both bacterial and viral infections, and it is complementary to STC3141’s mechanism of antagonizing the body’s
excessive immune response to treat sepsis, which can form a good synergy in the treatment of severe diseases such as sepsis.
Currently, the IND application for the product was submitted and accepted by the NMPA in January 2023.

GPN00085, a global innovative parainfluenza drug:

GPN00085 is the world’s first small molecule compound based on a protein structure that binds the hemagglutinin-neuraminidase
(HN) protein that covers the parainfluenza virus and stops the virus from entering the host cell for replication, inhibits the release
of progeny virus from infected cells and reduces the number of parainfluenza virus particles with the aim of alleviating the
symptoms of infection, inhibiting the further development of the disease and reducing the wider spread of the virus. It is jointly
developed by the Group and Griffith University. Currently, it is at the preclinical development stage.

Cerebro-cardiovascular Emergency Segment
The Group is listed as a “national essential drug production base”, an “emergency medicines manufacturer for national ready
reserve” and a “national centralized production base and construction unit for minority-variety medicines (drugs in short supply)”,
etc. with a total of 24 varieties, 14 of which are included in the national emergency drugs catalogue covering 6 major categories,
while 16 of which are included in the shortage drugs catalogue covering 6 major categories, which has ranked the top in the
industry in terms of product pipeline. The Group’s first generic product, epinephrine hydrochloride injection (pre-filled), was
approved for commercialization in July 2022. Compared with the epinephrine products packaged in ampoules commercialized in
China, the Group’s pre-filled product has various features including convenient for operation, accurate medication, avoiding glass
chips, and reducing secondary pollution. While optimizing the quality of the product, it can save valuable rescue time for the
patients to a great extent. Currently, there are more than 20 products under research in the field of cerebro-cardiovascular
emergency. Among which, Jext®, a pre-filled epinephrine auto-injector, can be used for self or family or social treatment for severe
allergic reactions, filling the gap in China, and in January 2023, the product has been granted approval for Guangdong-Hong
Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area Imported Pharmaceuticals for Urgent Clinical Needs in Mainland China. In the future, the Group will
continue to focus on the three major emergency scenarios, namely in-hospital emergency, pre-hospital emergency and social
emergency, and allocate and develop emergency products that are in urgent clinical need.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022      27


Management Discussion and Analysis

Cerebro-cardiovascular emergency products

The products mainly cover the fields of platelet inhibitors, blood pressure control, and vascular active drugs. The main products
include Li Shu An (norepinephrine bitartrate injection, epinephrine hydrochloride injection), Xin Wei Ning (tirofiban hydrochloride
and sodium chloride injection), Nuo Fu Kang (methoxamine hydrochloride injection), Neng Qi Lang (coenzyme Q10 tablets), Rui
An Ji (fructose sodium diphosphate oral solution) and deslanoside injection, etc.

Li Shu An, the norepinephrine bitartrate injection and epinephrine hydrochloride injection:

It is used for blood pressure control in acute low blood pressure state, and can also be used for blood pressure maintenance after
the resuscitation from cardiac arrest. The epinephrine hydrochloride injection is suitable for severe respiratory difficulties caused
by bronchospasm, which can quickly relieve the allergic shock caused by drugs, and is a major rescue medication for
cardiopulmonary resuscitation of cardiac arrest caused by various reasons. Both products are included in the National
Reimbursement Drug List and the National Essential Drug List, and the norepinephrine bitartrate injection passed the consistency
evaluation for the first time in China in 2021. As important emergency medicines, the two products are recommended by a
number of guidelines and expert consensus, such as the Expert Consensus on the Application of Vasopressors in Emergency Shock
(2021) (《血管加壓藥物在急診休克中的應用專家共識(2021)》), the Consensus of Chinese Emergency Medicine Experts on
Diagnosis and Treatment of Post-Adult Cardiac Arrest Syndrome (2021) (《成人心臟驟停後綜合症診斷和治療中國急診專家共
識(2021)》), the Expert Consensus on Perioperative Management of Elderly Septic Patients (2021) (《老年膿毒症患者圍術期管
理專家共識(2021)》), the European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology Guidelines: Guidelines for Anaphylaxis (2021)
(《歐洲變態反應與臨床免疫學會指南：嚴重過敏反應指南(2021版)》), European Resuscitation Council Guidelines (2021)
(《歐洲復蘇學會指南(2021)》), the Guidelines for the Treatment of Sepsis/Septic Shock in Emergency in China (2018) (《中國膿
毒症/膿毒性休克急診治療指南(2018)》), the Expert Consensus on Diagnosis and Treatment of Cardiogenic Shock in China
(2018) (《心源性休克診斷和治療中國專家共識(2018)》), the Consensus of Chinese Emergency Medicine Experts on Diagnosis
and Treatment of Traumatic Hemorrhagic Shock in China (2017) (《創傷失血性休克診治中國急診專家共識(2017)》), the
Guidelines for Diagnosis and Treatment of ESC Urgent and Chronic Heart Failure in 2016 (《2016 ESC急、慢性心力衰竭診斷和治
療指南》), and the Guidelines for Rational Use of Medication for Heart Failure (2nd Edition) (《心力衰竭合理用藥指南(第2版)》),
and the clinical status of the products is remarkable.

Epinephrine hydrochloride injection (pre-filled):

In July 2022, the “epinephrine hydrochloride injection (pre-filled)” independently developed by the Group was approved for
commercialization. As a Class 3 chemical drug, this product is currently the first epinephrine pre-filled preparation being
commercialized in China. At present, all the epinephrine products for commercialization in China are packaged in ampoule bottles
and are required to be prepared on site for use, resulting in wastage of drug solution and inevitable generation of glass chips and
causing the risk of secondary contamination. The Group’s pre-filled packaging products do not need to be prepared and can be
used directly, with the characteristics of convenient operation, accurate medication, avoiding the generation of glass chips, and
reducing secondary contamination. While optimizing the quality of the products, it can maximize the precious rescue time for
patients and provide a more efficient product portfolio for doctors and patients to cope with more complex clinical emergency
scenarios.
28     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Management Discussion and Analysis

Nuo Fu Kang, the methoxamine hydrochloride injection:

It is used for the treatment of low blood pressure during general anesthesia and to prevent the occurrence of abnormal heart rate,
to treat low blood pressure induced by the internal obstruction of the vertebral tube and to terminate arrays of ventricular
hyperactivity. The product is the first generic drug of the Group in China and has been commercialized for more than 30 years. It
has been recommended for use by guidelines and expert consensus, including the Guiding Opinions on the Management of
Peripheral Anesthesia in Chinese Geriatric Patients (2014/2017/2020) (《中國老年患者圍術期麻醉管理指導意見
(2014/2017/2020)》), the Expert Consensus on Anesthesia Management for Cranial Brain Disease Intervention in China (2016)
(《中國顱腦疾病介入治療麻醉管理專家共識(2016)》), the Expert Consensus on Perioperative Use of α1 Adrenergic Receptor
Agonists (2017 Edition) (《α1腎上腺素能受體激動劑圍術期應用專家共識(2017版)》), the Expert Consensus on Obstetric
Anesthesia in China (2018/2020) (《中國產科麻醉專家共識(2018/2020)》), and the Consensus on the Clinical Management of
Chinese Experts in the Peripheral Anesthesia Period of Non-cardiac Surgery in Patients with Cardiac Disease (2020) (《心臟病患者
非心臟手術圍麻醉期中國專家臨床管理共識(2020年)》).

Neng Qi Lang, the coenzyme Q10 tablets:

It is used to improve myocardial metabolism and energy supply, with the function of promoting oxidization phosphorylation
reaction and protecting structural integrity of biological membranes. For patients with chronic cardiac insufficiency, it can
significantly improve the symptoms of shortness of breath and fatigue, effectively combine with regular treatment to accelerate
the prognosis of patients, and improve their quality of life. For the reduction of coenzyme Q10 synthesis in patients with statin,
exogenous and effective supplementation can be achieved to relieve side effects such as muscle pain, and bring better
compliance to patients with statin. For the high incidence of cardiotoxicity caused by cancer radiotherapy drugs, Neng Qi Lang
can effectively carry out anti-oxidation, relieve the damage and protect the heart. The product has been commercialized for more
than 30 years and has been successively included in 20 guidelines and expert consensus, including the Chinese Expert Consensus
on the Clinical Application of Drugs to Improve Myocardial Metabolism (2021) (《改善心肌代謝藥物臨床應用中國專家共識
(2021)》), the Chinese Expert Consensus on Diagnosis and Treatment of Chronic Heart Failure for the Elderly (2021) (《老年人慢
性心力衰竭診治中國專家共識(2021)》), the 2020 Expert Consensus on Prevention and Treatment of Heart Failure after
Myocardial Infarction (《2020心肌梗死後心力衰竭防治專家共識》), the Diagnosis and Treatment Advice for Children’s Heart
Failure (《兒童心力衰竭診斷和治療建議》) and the Expert Advice on the Clinical Management of Myocardial Injury in relation
to COVID-19 (《新型冠狀病毒肺炎相關心肌損傷的臨床管理專家建議》).

Rui An Ji, the fructose sodium diphosphate oral solution:

It is mainly used for the treatment of angina pectoris of coronary heart disease, acute myocardial infarction, arrhythmia and
myocardial ischemia in heart failure, and viral myocarditis. It is also used for brain ischemic symptoms caused by cerebral infarction
and cerebral hemorrhage, and was included in a number of guidelines and expert consensus, such as the Diagnosis and Treatment
Suggestions for Children’s Heart Failure (2020 Revision) (《兒童心力衰竭診斷和治療建議(2020年修訂版)》), Expert Consensus
on Interventional Treatment of Common Congenital Heart Diseases in Children (《兒童常見先天性心臟病介入治療專家共識》),
the National Expert Consensus on Prevention and Treatment of Burst and Shock (2020 Edition) (《燒傷休克防治全國專家共識
(2020版)》), the Expert Recommendations for the Management of Novel Coronavirus Pneumonia Comorbidity (2020) (《新型冠
狀病毒肺炎合併症處置專家建議(2020)》) and the National Prescription Set in China (《中國國家處方集》).

Xin Wei Ning, the tirofiban hydrochloride and sodium chloride injection:

It is the first commercialized platelet surface glycoprotein GPⅡb/Ⅲa receptor antagonist in China and the first commercialized
intravenous antiplatelet drug in China, which was included in the National Reimbursement Drug List in 2009.
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2022       29


Management Discussion and Analysis

Deslanoside injection:

It is mainly used in patients with acute cardiac insufficiency or acute exacerbation of chronic cardiac insufficiency, and also used to
control ventricular rate in patients with atrial fibrillation and atrial flutter with rapid ventricular rate. It was included in a number of
guidelines and expert consensus, such as Guideline for Emergency Management of Acute Heart Failure in China (2022) (《急性心
力衰竭中國急診管理指南(2022)》), the China Heart Failure Diagnosis and Treatment Guidelines 2018 (《中國心力衰竭診斷和
治療指南2018》), the 2020 China Heart Failure Medical Quality Control Report (《2020中國心力衰竭醫療品質控制報告》), the
2021 European Society of Cardiology Guidelines for Acute Heart Failure (《2021歐洲心臟病學會急性心力衰竭指南》) and the
Heart Failure Rational Drug Use Guidelines (2nd Edition) (《心力衰竭合理用藥指南(第2版)》).

Innovative R&D pipeline

GPN00816, Jext® pre-filled epinephrine auto-injector:

GPN00816 is a one-off automatic syringe embedded with the sterile solution of epinephrine. By
injecting single-dose epinephrine to the outside of the leg muscle (muscle injection), the product
can urgently treat sudden and life-threatening anaphylaxis caused by insect bites, food, drugs or
exercise. The product has been approved for commercialization in 21 countries or regions such as
Spain, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Korea and Hong Kong, China, etc., and has been
launched worldwide for more than 10 years. Its safety and efficacy have been fully verified. At
present, the product has been granted approval for Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay
Area Imported Pharmaceuticals for Urgent Clinical Needs in Mainland China in January 2023, and
patients can purchase the product in designated medical institutions in the Guangdong-Hong
Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area (“Greater Bay Area”) of China.

Tumor Segment
In the field of tumor immunotherapy, with mRNA technology as the core, the Group focuses on the development of anti-tumor
and anti-infection mRNA drugs. Currently, the Group has completed the establishment of mRNA production technology and LNP
delivery technology platform and has carried out scientific cooperation with a number of renowned universities and scientific
research institutions. A002, a global innovative mRNA immunotherapeutic product for HPV-positive head and neck cancer is being
developed on the platform. The use of the exclusive TriMix mRNA vaccine technology is expected to increase the response rate of
tumor patients and improve their clinical prognosis by triggering an adoptive immune response in the body in combination with
existing tumor immune checkpoint inhibitor.

NUCLEAR MEDICINE ANTI-TUMOR DIAGNOSIS AND TREATMENT AS WELL AS CEREBRO-
CARDIOVASCULAR PRECISION INTERVENTIONAL DIAGNOSIS AND TREATMENT TECHNOLOGY
By fully capitalizing “accurate and stable business development capabilities at home and abroad, the introduction and digestion of
international leading technologies, excellent marketing and sales capabilities”, the Group is aiming at the frontier areas of
technological innovation and focusing on the layout of the “nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment” and “cerebro-
cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment” segments. It has become a leading enterprise in nuclear medicine
anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment in China, and a comprehensive cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and
treatment technology platform with international cutting-edge technologies.
30     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Management Discussion and Analysis

Nuclear Medicine Anti-tumor Diagnosis and Treatment Segment
In the nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment segment, the Group has achieved a comprehensive layout in the
fields of R&D, production, sales, regulatory qualifications and established a complete industrial chain. The Group has obtained a
series of domestic licenses for the production and operation of radiopharmaceuticals, including the license for the production of
radiopharmaceuticals, the license for the operation of radiopharmaceuticals and the license for the safety of radiation, with steady
progress of commercialization in China. At the same time, the Group also participated in the formulation of the Technical
Guidelines for Clinical Evaluation of Radioactive Therapeutic Drugs (《放射性體內治療藥物臨床評價技術指導原則》) and other
regulatory documents to promote the healthy development of the nuclear medicine industry in China.

The nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment segment is one of the most globalized segments of the Group.
Currently, it has more than 400 employees, with over 40% of them holding master’s degree and doctoral degree. The Group,
together with Sirtex Medical Pty Limited (“Sirtex”), cooperated with Telix Pharmaceutical Limited (“Telix”) and ITM Isotope
Technologies Muncich SE (“ITM”) to establish a world-class tumor intervention technology platform and a RDC technology
platform. The Group adheres to the treatment concept of integrated oncology diagnosis and treatment. Currently, the Group has
13 innovative products in the pipeline, covering six radionuclides including 68Ga, 177Lu, 131I, 90Y, 89Zr and 99mTc as well as eight
cancers including liver cancer, prostate cancer and brain cancer. In terms of product types, it covers two types of radionuclide
drugs for diagnosis and therapy, providing patients with global leading anti-tumor solutions with multi-indication treatment
options, multi-means and integrated diagnosis and treatment. At the same time, the Group and Shandong University jointly
established Grand Pharma — Shandong University Radiopharmaceutical Research Institute (遠大醫藥 — 山東大學放射藥物研究
院) to jointly carry out the R&D of RDC drugs on the basis of radionuclide research by the Laboratory Nuclear Medicine Research
Institute (實驗核醫學研究所) of Shandong University.

With the continuous expansion of the product pipeline, the registration and application of innovative products in China is also
progressing smoothly. In 2022, Yttrium-90 microsphere injections has been commercialized successfully, two diagnostic RDC have
been approved for clinical trials, and two therapeutic RDC clinical applications have been accepted. The Group has been
advancing the construction of Class A qualification nuclide production platform in an orderly manner. In the future, the Group will
continue to strengthen the R&D and investment in the nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment segment, enrich and
improve the product pipeline and industrial layout, strive for ten nuclide products to enter the clinical stage within the next three
years, realize the pipeline layout of more than twenty-five nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment products, form a
nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment product cluster with the core of Yttrium-90 microsphere injections,
continuously consolidating the Group’s global leading position in the field of nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and
treatment.

Core products

Yttrium-90 microsphere injections, the global innovative product:

The Group’s global blockbuster innovative product, Yttrium-90 microsphere
injections, is the only product in the world for selective internal radiation
therapy (SIRT) for colorectal cancer liver metastases. It has been used by more
than 150,000 people in over 50 countries and regions around the world. It is
also recommended by the treatment guidelines issued by different
international authoritative organizations such as National Comprehensive
Cancer Network (NCCN), European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO),
European Association for the Study of the Liver (EASL), National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE), etc. and has been
included in several authoritative clinical practice guidelines in China, including the “2022 CSCO Guidelines for Diagnosis and
Treatment of Primary Liver Cancer” (《二零二二年CSCO原發性肝癌診療指南》), the “Guidelines for Diagnosis and Treatment of
Primary Liver Cancer (2022 edition)” (《原發性肝癌診療指南(2022 版)》), “Chinese Guidelines for Diagnosis and Comprehensive
Treatment of Colorectal Cancer Liver Metastases (2018 edition)” (《中國結直腸癌肝轉移診斷和綜合治療指南(2018 版)》),
“Clinical Practice Guidelines for Liver Cancer and Liver Transplantation in China (2018 edition)” (《中國肝癌肝移植臨床實踐指南
(2018 版)》), etc.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022      31


Management Discussion and Analysis

In January 2022, the Group received the approval from the NMPA for commercialization of Yttrium-90 microsphere injections, for
the treatment of patients with unresectable colorectal liver metastases who have failed standard of care. The product will provide
a new and effective treatment modality for patients with liver malignancies in China, offering the opportunity for translational
therapy and further surgical resection to achieve clinical cure, bridging the gap in the local treatment of liver metastases from
colorectal cancer, improving the long-term treatment outcome of the Chinese patient population with liver cancer, and marking
the arrival of a new international precision interventional treatment option in the field of liver malignancies in China.

Based on the huge number of patients with liver cancer, the clinical demand in the field of liver cancer in China is strong, and the
commercialization of Yttrium-90 microsphere injections provides an effective weapon for the multi-disciplinary treatment of liver
cancer patients in China. Given that the barriers and innovation of this product, the understanding of the management procedures
of this product by the clinical regulatory administration in China is gradually thorough. With a highly responsible attitude toward
patients, and based on the surgeon supervision and training system approved by China NMPA and U.S. Food and Drug
Administration (“FDA”), the Group concentrated global resources to provide comprehensive training to surgeons in China on
patient screening knowledge, surgical operation skills, and prognosis assessment methods, helping doctors to master and
accumulate clinical experience to ensure a wider, safe and effective applications of the product. With the gradual increase in the
number of doctors who have obtained the independent surgical qualifications for Yttrium-90 microsphere injections, the Group is
confident to build up such product to be a blockbuster product in the field of liver cancer in China.

In September 2021, relying on the overseas commercialized medical device pilot policy of Boao Lecheng International Medical
Tourism Pilot Zone of Hainan Free Trade Port, the Group has successfully carried out the clinical treatment of patients with liver
cancer with the licensed access of Yttrium-90 microsphere injections in Boao Super Hospital in Hainan.

In May 2022, Yttrium-90 microsphere injections was officially commercialized in China. The treatment of liver malignancies in
China has entered a new “Y-90 era”. Since the official commercialization of YiGanTai®, more than 50 hospitals have completed the
nuclide transfer procedures, its official surgeries have been carried out in more than 30 hospitals in 17 provinces and cities in
China, while 8 surgery, treatment and training centers have been established. The follow-up results showed that the overall
response of patients who take YiGanTai® surgery was satisfactory, and most patients achieved favorable clinical therapeutic effect
and prolonged survival. As at the date of this announcement, 5 patients have successfully achieved liver cancer tumor
downstaging transform and took liver cancer resection, achieving clinical cure. Among patients who could be followed up for 3
months or more, the objective response rate of YiGanTai® for liver cancer was over 50%, and more than half of the patients had
achieved tumor size remission. Among them, the symptoms of 5 patients were completely relieved with no resection required,
and the disease control rate of the follow-up patients exceeded 95%, showing a remarkable therapeutic effect.

In June 2022, the Group held a commercialization conference for Yttrium-90 microsphere injections in China, gathering a total of 7
academicians from the Chinese Academy of Engineering and the Chinese Academy of Sciences, 30 experts at committee
chairperson level to participate 9 conference venues in person, and 500 professors of oncology medicine, interventional medicine,
nuclear medicine, surgery and imaging from leading tertiary hospitals in China to attend the meeting. The experts and scholars
highly anticipated that Yttrium-90 microsphere injections can be widely used in liver cancer patients in China and achieve clear
and significant efficacy. In order to speed up the implementation and popularization of YiGanTai® microsphere injections precise
interventional therapy in China, the Group relied on the high-quality reputation and practical experience accumulated overseas
for the product over the years, assisted domestic doctors in conducting multiple personalized practical trainings by well-known
overseas clinical experts. At present, the Group has trained more than 300 doctors in 70 hospitals on the surgery theory or skills of
YiGanTai®, nearly 20 experts have obtained the operation qualification of independent surgery through strict one-to-one training
by overseas experts, and many of them will soon obtain the qualification of training instructor, which will further accelerate the
clinical popularization of YiGanTai® radioactive interventional operation.
32      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Management Discussion and Analysis

Since June 2022, Yttrium-90 microsphere injection has been included in the inclusive insurance such as Shanghai Hu Hui Bao (上
海滬惠保), Nanjing Ning Hui Bao (南京寧惠保), Jiangsu Yi Hui Bao (江蘇醫惠保) and Hainan Le Cheng Special Medical Insurance
(樂城特藥險), as well as the global medical device insurances of Taiping Life Insurance Co., Ltd., etc, which covers 11 provinces
and 33 cities with a significant increase in the accessibility of such product to patients with liver cancer. In 2023, after the PRC
government’s adjustment on pandemic prevention and control policies, which lead to a gradual recovery in the volume of tumor
diagnosis, treatment and surgery, more and more outpatients have been enquiring about YiGanTai® treatment, and a number of
hospitals have opened YiGanTai® specialized clinics to meet patients’ needs. YiGanTai® treatment is expected to achieve a
persistent and rapid growth.

Yttrium-90 microsphere injection recorded approximately HK$60.26 million revenue since it was approved for commercialization
during the Year.

Innovative R&D pipeline

The products of the nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment segment are mainly divided into two categories:
interventional therapy and RDC.

Interventional therapy:

Yttrium-90 microsphere injections:

Clinical trial of Yttrium-90 microsphere injections on the treatment of primary liver cancer is progressing smoothly in the United
States. A real-world study for the treatment of primary liver malignancies in China is expected to commence in 2023.

GPN00289, a global innovative temperature sensitive embolic agent:

GPN00289 is an NMPA innovative medical device approved temperature sensitive embolic material for the treatment of vascular-
rich benign and malignant tumors. At room temperature, the gel has good flowability and is delivered to the vasculature of the
diseased tissue through a microcatheter. The gel is then solidified in situ at body temperature from the peripheral vessels to the
main donor vessel to achieve embolization of the diseased tissue. It is suitable for the embolization of various vascular-rich solid
organ tumors, especially benign and moderate malignant tumors in the liver. The product is currently in preclinical development.

LavaTM, a global innovative liquid embolic agent:

LavaTM is a peripheral vascular fluid embolization system that is opaque under imaging rays, less prone to artifacts and can be
prepared quickly and easily in 3 minutes, saving doctors’ preparation time in emergency situations and increasing the probability
of patient survival. Currently, the overseas development of the product is progressing smoothly and it is expected to be approved
for commercialization in the United States in 2023.

AuroLase®, a global innovative solid tumor ablation therapy:

AuroLase® is a global innovative therapeutic technology for solid tumor ablation that uses a new type of optically tunable
nanoparticle, delivered intravenously and enriched in the tumor, to selectively absorb laser energy and convert light into heat,
thereby precisely destroying the tumor and the blood vessels supplying it without severely damaging the surrounding healthy
tissue. AuroLase® for prostate cancer tissue ablation is expected to be the world’s first and currently the only ultra-precise focal
therapy that maximizes treatment outcomes while minimizing the side effects associated with surgery, radiation and alternative
focal therapies compared to surgery, radiation or traditional alternative focal therapies. Currently, the overseas development of the
product is progressing smoothly and the application for commercialization in the United States is expected to be submitted in the
first half of 2023.

RDC drugs:

There are currently 9 product candidates under research and a number of products have made important progress during the
period.
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2022   33


Management Discussion and Analysis

TLX591/TLX591CDx/TLX599CDx, global innovative products for prostate cancer diagnosis and treatment:

TLX591 is a therapeutic RDC drug targeting prostate-specific membrane antigen (PSMA), while TLX591-CDx and TLX599-CDx are
companion diagnostic agents to TLX591, forming an integrated radiotherapy portfolio for prostate cancer. TLX591-CDx was
approved for commercialization in Australia in November 2021 and in the United States in December of the same year, and was
granted a special license in Brazil for pre-approval sales. At the same time, the applications for the commercialization of TLX591-
CDx have also been submitted in 17 countries. In clinical studies, a phase I trial of TLX591-CDx was completed in Japan in February
2022 with 10 subjects. The results of the study showed that TLX591-CDx was safe and well tolerated, with no serious adverse
events observed in any of the subjects, and systemic and organ-specific radiation dose measurements and pharmacokinetic data
showed no significant differences between Japanese and Western populations. In October 2022, TLX591-CDx was approved by
the NMPA for clinical bridging study. The overseas clinical studies of other products are also progressing smoothly, while the
implementation in China is also progressing as planned.

TLX250/TLX250CDx, global innovative products for the treatment of clear cell renal cell carcinoma (“ccRCC”):

TLX250 and TLX250-CDx form an integrated radiotherapy portfolio for clear cell renal cell carcinoma (ccRCC). TLX250-CDx was
granted a breakthrough therapy by the FDA in July 2020, and the overseas phase III clinical study successfully met clinical
endpoints in November 2022. According to the study results, for the patients with renal masses suggested by computerized
tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) but unable to determine whether it is ccRCC, the sensitivity and specificity
of positron emission tomography (PET) imaging with TLX250-CDx in the diagnosis of ccRCC reached 86% and 87% respectively,
which far exceeded the preset threshold required by the FDA (both sensitivity and specificity higher than or equal to 70%). Its
positive predictive value has reached 93%. For early ccRCC in stage T1a, which is currently difficult to diagnose (the tumor is
confined to the kidney with the largest tumor diameter smaller than or equal to 4 cm), the sensitivity and specificity of TLX250-
CDx diagnosis reached 85% and 89% respectively. These breakthrough clinical results demonstrate that TLX250-CDx is expected
to provide a highly accurate and non-invasive diagnostic solution for ccRCC, and has the potential to become a new clinical
diagnostic standard for ccRCC. Moreover, clinical studies of TLX250-CDx on a number of extended indications such as triple-
negative breast cancer (TNBC), non-muscle invasive bladder cancer (NMIBC) and Urothelial carcinoma are progressing worldwide.
In September 2022, TLX250-CDx was approved by the NMPA to conduct a phase I clinical trial and a confirmatory clinical trial.
TLX250 is currently undergoing a phase II clinical study overseas, with registration in China actively underway.

ITM-11/TOCscan®, a global innovative product for the treatment of gastroenteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumors (“GEP-NETs”):

ITM-11 and TOCscan® form an integrated radiotherapy portfolio for GEP-NETs. ITM-11 has received an orphan drug status from
FDA and European Medicines Agency (EMA) and is in phase III clinical studies overseas. For the registration in China, the IND
application was submitted and accepted by the NMPA in February 2023. TOCscan® has been approved for commercialization in
Germany, Austria and France in 2018. Currently, the registration of the product in China is under active progress.

TLX101, a global innovative product for glioblastoma treatment:

TLX101 is a radionuclide-small molecule conjugated therapeutic RDC drug for the treatment of glioblastoma multiforme. It can
pass through the blood-brain barrier entering the brain freely, and targets the overexpressed L-type amino acid transporter 1 (LAT-
1) in glioblastoma to precisely irradiate cancer cells, and promote their apoptosis to achieve therapeutic effect. The product has
been granted orphan drug designation by the FDA and is currently in phase I/II clinical trials in Europe and Australia. In January
2023, the IND application for TLX101 was accepted by the NMPA.

ITM-41, a global innovative product for the treatment of bone metastasis in malignant tumors:
ITM-41 is a therapeutic RDC drug based on radionuclide conjugated technology that targets bone metastasis in malignant tumors
by conjugating no-carrier-added 177 Lu with zoledronic acid. The product can precisely target hydroxyapatite at the metastasis
site, inhibiting bone metastasis from malignant tumors while minimizing radiation to normal tissues, greatly improving patient
survival and potentially further reducing skeletal- related events in patients with severe bone metastases. The product is currently
in clinical phase I studies overseas and the registration in China is actively underway.
34      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Management Discussion and Analysis

Cerebro-cardiovascular Precision Interventional Diagnosis and Treatment Segment
The Group adheres to the treatment concept of “interventional without implantation” and conducts comprehensive layout in
three directions, namely channel management, structural heart disease, electrophysiology and heart failure, to build a high-end
medical device product cluster. At present, the segment has reserved 16 products, of which 4 products in vascular intervention
have been approved for commercialization in China, NOVASIGHT Hybrid has been submitted to the NMPA and accepted for
commercial registration, and HeartLight X3 laser ablation platform has been submitted for commercial registration in China, while
other products are also being actively promoted for clinical registration in China in order to achieve the stage-by-stage
commercialization for innovative products in the coming years, driving the business in this segment to achieve leapfrog growth.

The Group has completed the comprehensive construction of the “active + passive” innovative device platform in this segment,
and formed the R&D and production layout of two centers in China and multiple overseas bases. Among them, the Active
Equipment R&D and Production Base in Optics Valley, Wuhan and the Passive Equipment R&D and Production Base in Changzhou
have been put into use. The establishment of overseas R&D centers in Minnesota, the United States, and the construction of R&D
bases in Germany, Canada, Italy, etc. are also progressing in an orderly manner. In the future, the Group will commence the
construction of the Shanghai R&D Center, which will mainly focus on the innovation and R&D of structural heart disease product
line, and is planning for the construction of the Beijing R&D Center, which will mainly focus on the research of the technology of
biodegradable recycled materials platform, and gradually apply to the channel field of artificial blood vessels. At present, the
Group has carried out technology cooperation with clinical centers or R&D platforms in the Unites States, Canada, Germany, Italy
and Switzerland, and gradually started a new process of globalized R&D. The segment has over 200 employees and more than 50
R&D teams, with over 50% of them holding master’s degrees and doctoral degrees. With a comprehensive background in
medicine, pharmacy, materials, machinery, electronics, etc., it helps to achieve stable and long- term development in R&D and
innovation. The Group is committed to developing this segment into a leading “cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional
therapy platform” in China and worldwide.

Cerebro-cardiovascular precision intervention diagnosis and treatment products

The Group’s two drug-coating balloons for sale in China, namely RESTORE DEB® and APERTO® OTW adopt the unique patented
SAFEPAX technology. Both drug coating products are stable with small decay rate. The products for sale have been recognized by
clinical doctors and patients and good market reputation. In July and September 2022, the commercialization of the Group’s self-
developed and self-produced innovative global neurointerventional products, including the OTW (Over The Wire) intracranial
balloon dilatation catheter Cai Yu® (彩鷸®), as well as the acute ischemic stroke treatment products, occlusion balloon catheter Ti
Hu® (鵜鶘®), was approved for commercialization in China.

RESTORE DEB®, a coronary drug-coating balloon:

RESTORE DEB® is the first drug-coating balloon with the dual indications of original coronary artery
disease mutation and stent restenosis in China. Its clinical research results were published in the
important journal “JACC (Journal of the American College of Cardiology) Cardiovascular Interventions” in
the field of cardiovascular disease, and its clinical status was also affirmed in the guidelines and expert
consensus such as the Guidelines for Treatment of Percutaneous Coronary Intervention (中國經皮冠狀
動脈介入治療指南) and the Chinese Expert Consensus on Clinical Application of Drug Coated Balloon
(藥物塗層球囊臨床應用中國專家共識).

APERTO® OTW, a drug coated balloon for dialysis access:

APERTO® OTW is the first drug-coating balloon for the indication of arteriovenous fistula stenosis in
dialysis patients. This product has the dual characteristics of high pressure resistance and drug coating.
Compared with ordinary high pressure balloon, APERTO® OTW has a significant advantage in the passing
rate of target lesions for six months after surgery, which will greatly contribute to the extension of the life
time of fistula and the improvement of the quality of life of dialysis patients. Its clinical research results
are published in American Journal of Kidney Diseases, an important journal in the field of kidney disease
treatment.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022      35


Management Discussion and Analysis

Cai Yu® (彩鷸® ) , an intracranial balloon dilatation catheter:

Cai Yu® (彩鷸®) is the first OTW-designed intracranial balloon dilatation catheter in China, which is suitable for the interventional
surgery for patients with non-acute symptom intracranial atherosclerotic stenosis (非急性期症狀性顱內動脈粥樣硬化性狹窄),
and can deliver the balloon to the place with distal vascular lesion through guide wire during the surgery, carry out balloon
dilatation, restore blood delivery, and thus improve blood flow and perfusion in blood vessels at the lesion. Cai Yu® (彩鷸®)
intracranial balloon dilatation catheter has the properties of fast passing and accuracy, which provide high efficiency and
convenience for clinical use. With a variety of specifications and unique designs, it provides better compatibility and precision for
clinical use while meeting safety requirements.

Ti Hu® (鵜鶘 ®), an occlusion balloon catheter

Ti Hu® (鵜鶘®) is an occlusion balloon catheter developed by the Group for intracranial ischemic diseases. The main structure of
this product consists of a balloon, an inner and outer tube and a catheter holder, wherein the balloon is coaxial. It is one of the
products in the overall solution for acute ischemic stroke in the neurointerventional direction of our cardiovascular and
cerebrovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment section. Ti Hu® (鵜鶘®) is suitable for temporary peripheral
vascular or neurovascular occlusion, and can also selectively block or control blood flow. It can be delivered intraoperatively via a
guidewire to the proximal vascular of the lesion to be occluded, and the catheter holder is then filled with fluid to dilate the
balloon and block or control blood flow. Ti Hu® (鵜鶘®) has high balloon compliance, which allows for a better fit to the vessel wall
to block blood flow and reduce embolic escape, striking a balance between safety and efficacy. It also has favorable device
compatibility to meet a wide range of clinical options.

Innovative and R&D pipeline

Access management direction:

NOVASIGHT Hybrid, a global innovative intravascular diagnostic imaging device:

NOVASIGHT Hybrid combines intravascular ultrasound and optical coherence tomography and
can simultaneously show the ultrasound and optical image with the same direction, axis and
phase. It is also the first intravascular ultrasound and optical coherence tomography system
approved by the FDA with promising prospect in the field of coronary artery imaging and
intracavitary interventional surgery. The product has already been commercialized in the United
States, Canada and Japan, and was enrolled in the special review approval process of innovative
medical device in 2019 for registration in China. Clinical studies have been completed and the
application for the commercialization of the product was accepted in June 2022 and it is
expected to be approved for commercialization in China in the first half of 2023.

LEGFLOW® OTW, a global innovative drug-coated balloon:

LEGFLOW® OTW is a drug-coated balloon for the treatment of peripheral arterial stenosis by adopting SAFEPAX patented
technology. The product has completed full patient enrollment for registered clinical study, and is expected to submit a
commercial registration application in China in the second half of 2023.

IVL CAD/IAL PAD, a global innovative shock wave balloon:

IVL CAD/IAL PAD is an intravascular shock wave calcium treatment system for the treatment of moderate to severe arterial
calcification. It utilizes a universal balloon dilatation catheter platform that integrates shock wave lithotripsy and balloon catheter
angioplasty to deliver the catheter to the lumen of the lesion in an interventional manner. The shock wave destroys the calcified
foci without causing damage to the soft tissues of the vessel wall/intima, reducing the complications of balloon dilatation and
stenting. The product is highly versatile and is the latest generation of vascular calcification treatment. The product is currently in
preclinical development stage.
36      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Management Discussion and Analysis

LONG, a global innovative neurological stent retriever:

LONG is a stent retriever product against ischemic stroke. With reference of mature interventional technology and stent of
coronary and peripheral, neurological stent retriever can extend an ischemic stroke patient’s treatment window from 6 hours to 24
hours of drug treatment, becoming a new clinical method for the treatment of cerebral stroke. The product is progressing well
and the patient enrollment for registered clinical study has been fully completed. Several other catheter products are already in
the registration stage.

aXess, a global innovative endogenous tissue repair product:

aXess is a global innovative endogenous tissue repair product for end-stage renal disease (ESRD) patients with arteriovenous graft
(AVGs) for hemodialysis treatment. The product is expected to provide a safer and more effective blood access for dialysis patients
by providing a basic structural framework for autologous tissue repair of patients, accelerating the establishment of dialysis access,
and reducing the incidence of thrombosis and related complications. aXess can further synergize with APERTO® OTW in the field
of hemodialysis. The product is currently in preclinical development stage.

Structural heart disease direction:

Saturn, a global innovative mitral valve replacement system:

Saturn is a global innovative medical device for mitral valve replacement. The product is implanted in an interventional manner via
a room septum to minimize surgical trauma and shorten post-operative recovery time, and innovatively combines annular
reconstruction technology with valve replacement technology to enhance device adaptability and suitability for all common
mitral valve structures. The product is currently in the preclinical development stage.

Electrophysiology and heart failure direction:

HeartLight X3, a global innovative laser ablation platform:

HeartLight X3 is a global innovative laser ablation product for the treatment of atrial
fibrillation (“AF”) approved by the FDA for commercialization in May 2020, and is the only
product in the world that can achieve circumferential ablation of AF through laser.
HeartLight X3 adopts direct tissue visualization, adjustable laser energy and compliant
balloon technology to achieve precise and continuous energy delivery, taking into account
the adjustable energy point-to-point precision ablation characteristics of traditional
radiofrequency catheter ablation and the simplicity of cryoablation with short operation
time and significantly reduced dependence on the operator, making it the latest generation
of AF ablation technology platform. In February 2023, the first chartered-access laser ablation
operation for atrial fibrillation in China was successfully completed with the product in Rujin-
Hainan Hospital, introducing a new option with world-class precision to the field of atrial
fibrillation treatment in China. Meanwhile, the HeartLight X3 laser ablation platform has
submitted commercialization registration application.

CoRISMA, a global innovative ventricular assisted device:

CoRISMA is a fully implanted transcatheter ventricular assisted medical device for the treatment of class III and end-stage heart
failure. By adopting the world’s most advanced energy transmission technology for wireless power supply, it provides a minimally
invasive, safe, power-line infection-free and complication-free treatment for patients with end-stage heart failure through
minimally invasive surgery. Currently, the Group is working with an innovative medical device company incubated by Yale
University on product development.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022      37


Management Discussion and Analysis

Biotechnology
The Group pursues the concept of green, low-carbon and sustainable development and promotes high-quality development of
the segment with the world’s leading innovative technology in synthetic biotechnology. The amino acid products are the core
business in the field of biotechnology, and it is positioned as a global premium supplier of high-quality amino acids. The Group’s
development in the biological field focuses on technological innovation and the construction of high-quality systems, and
currently holds more than 100 invention patents and has promoted the formulation of nearly 40 national and industrial standards.
It has a complete domestic and international quality system certification, and has won many honors such as the National and
Provincial Specialized New Enterprise (國家和省級專精特新企業), the National Intellectual Property Advantage Enterprise (國家
級知識產權優勢企業) and the Provincial Hidden Champion Enterprise (省級隱形冠軍企業). The Group has also undertaken the
“one-stop” application demonstration project for national industrial strong foundation engineering and high-end amino acid
products.

The Group has been cultivating in the field of amino acids for more than 20 years and has always adhered to the spirit of
technological innovation, taking synthetic biology as the core, it pioneered a world’s leading innovative technology in China
based on biotechnology method to produce various amino acids by biological method, which filled the gap in the industry. The
Group’s core product, Cysteine series, ranks first in the world in terms of market position and production capacity, while Taurine
ranks second in the world in terms of production capacity. Benefiting from the continuous expansion of the international business
and the general health business, the Group’s amino acid segment has continued to maintain a high growth rate in recent years.

The Group has always adhered to the core business philosophy of “new technology, high quality, industrial chain, and
internationalization” and has continued to strengthen the expansion of the amino acid industry. Based on pharmaceutical-grade
amino acids and by leveraging our industrial advantages, the Group continues to expand into diversified amino acids.

New technology:

With synthetic biology as the core and after years of scientific research, with significant cost and quality advantages. At present,
we have built eight technology platforms, including enzyme engineering, fermentation engineering, process engineering, quality
research and application transformation, which have formed unique technology leadership in strain construction optimization,
metabolic pathway regulation, fermentation control, separation and purification, and product application development, etc. Some
of the processes fill the domestic gaps in China. Through the innovation and integration of several sub technology areas, we have
built an integrated synergistic system with new product development, new technology engineering, industrialization and
application solutions, which provides strong support for continuous technological innovation and industrialization transfer.
Among them, the fermentation production process with strain construction optimization as the core and the enzyme conversion
production process with immobilized enzymes as the core can not only replace the traditional synthesis process, but also
significantly reduce the emission of carbon dioxide during the production process, which fully proves the development concept
of energy saving, emission reduction and green environment protection of emission peak and carbon neutrality, showing great
economic and environmental benefits. By continuously optimizing the fermentation and isolation purification process, we have
achieved the leading position in the industry in terms of key indicators such as production volume and yield. The integrated
technology of fermentation and enzymatic process, i.e., industrial microbial fermentation for the production of industrial enzymes,
and the patented technology of immobilized enzymes can significantly shorten the time of enzyme conversion, significantly
improve the yield and reduce the unit cost of products. Replacing dangerous processes in traditional synthesis routes by bio-
enzymatic methods can also significantly reduce synthesis costs and significantly improve production safety. The industrial
technology highway built by the Group in the amino acid segment is beginning to take shape and is entering its best harvesting
period, which has laid a solid foundation for technological innovation at source and product industrialization.
38     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Management Discussion and Analysis

The Group attaches great importance to the construction of R&D team and the close integration of production and research. At
present, the amino acid segment has a core technical team led by talents from the 100 Talents Plan of Hebei Province (湖北省百
人計劃), and has established long-term strategic cooperation with many research institutes, including Tsinghua University, Wuhan
University and Tianjin University of Science and Technology. There are over 110 R&D personnel with professional backgrounds in
cross-disciplinary disciplines such as microbiology, applied chemistry, biochemistry, pharmacology and food science. The
innovative model of combining industry, academia, research and application in this segment, as well as the echelon of technical
innovation talents with clear division of labor and complementary strengths, has yielded fruitful results with the number of
granted invention patents ranking at the leading level in the same industry. The core subsidiaries in the segment have won many
honors, such as the National and Provincial Specialized New Enterprises (專精特新企業), the National Intellectual Property
Advantage Enterprises (國家級知識產權優勢企業), the China Light Industry Green Manufacturing Engineering Technology
Research Centers for Sulfur-containing Amino Acids (中國輕工業含硫氨基酸綠色製造工程技術研究中心), the China Foreign
Trade Export Leading Indicator (ELI) Sample Enterprises (中國外貿出口先導指數(ELI)樣本企業) and the Provincial Hidden
Champion Enterprises.

High quality:
The Group’s amino acid products have a complete quality certification system at home and abroad. Many products have passed
the drug/food system certification and registration in Europe, the United States, Japan, Southeast Asia, China and other countries
and regions, including European Union GMP certification, the Accreditation certificate of foreign drug manufacturer in Japan,
KFDA Registration in Korea, MAPA certification in Brazil, Free Sale Certificate Attestation in Argentina; as well as the ISO quality
management system certification, the FSSC22000 food system certification, GRAS certification in the United States, the HALAL
certification, the KOSHER certification, etc. Our comprehensive system certification and registration have demonstrated the
Group’s strong competitiveness for business expansion in overseas markets.

Industry chain:
The Group has nearly 50 types of amino acids and their derivatives, including Cysteine series, Arginine series, Taurine series, etc. It
has 24 registered amino acid APIs, covering more than 70% of the registration certificates in the same category and is the
pharmaceutical company with the largest number of registered amino acid APIs in China. The rich amino acid product cluster can
better meet the customized needs of the downstream market, provide one-stop services of multiple varieties and specifications,
and enhance customer adhesion in high-end application scenarios. In addition to raw material products, the Group is also actively
expanding its pharmaceutical products. Two functional dietary supplements, namely the U.S. patented citrulline and taurine
preparations (which is used to enhance exercise endurance) and the acetylcysteine preparations (which protects respiratory health
and enhances immunity) independently developed by the Company have obtained the U.S. FDA approval and was officially
commercialized in the United States for sales in 2021.

Internationalization:
The sales network of the Group’s amino acid segment covers more than 140 countries and regions worldwide, including
mainstream markets in Europe, the United States, Japan, Southeast Asia and China, with overseas business accounting for more
than 50% of the total. Among which, some of our amino acid varieties ranking among the top three in terms of market share.
Relying on technological breakthroughs and cost advantages, the core products have long served domestic and international
high-quality customers including Zambon, Sanofi, Nestle and other Fortune 500 companies, and established long-term and stable
cooperative relationships with customers in the upstream and downstream of the industrial chain as well as a high brand
awareness and market reputation worldwide, which has laid a solid customer base for the continuous and rapid growth of the
segment’s performance.

In the future, the Group will continue to rely on its world-leading new bio-method manufacturing process in the field of high-
quality amino acids, solid industrial base and industrial accumulation, rich amino acid product clusters, high-standard quality
certification systems, strong international registration and commercialization capabilities, with a focus on high-end parenteral
nutrition preparations, innovative peptide drugs, cell culture base and other pharmaceutical-related high value-added fields, as
well as functional dietary supplements such as sports protection, special medical and infant food, beauty and pet food and other
large health consumer areas. The extensive market space and huge development potential of the downstream segment will
provide the Group’s amino acid segment with strong and sustainable development momentum.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022      39


Management Discussion and Analysis

FINANCIAL REVIEW
Revenue and profit
For the year ended 31 December 2022 (the “Year”), the Group maintained stable growth even the Group was affected by the
pandemic. For the year ended 31 December 2022, it recorded revenue of approximately HK$9,562.29 million (2021: HK$8,597.98
million) and was increased by approximately 11.2% as compared with the same period of last year. If disregarding the exchange
rate fluctuation between RMB and HK$, it was increased by approximately 15.1% as compared with the same period of last year.
For the profit attributable to the owners of the Company, if disregarding the impact from fair value change and disposal of
investment in Telix, it was approximately HK$2,137.33 million and was increased by approximately 11.5% as compared with the
same period of last year. If disregarding the exchange fluctuation of exchange rate between RMB and HKD, it was increased by
approximately 15.4% when compared with the same period of 2021. During the Year the gross profit margin of the Group is
approximately 62.2%, while it was approximately 61.0% in 2021.

In 2020 the Group invested in Telix by applying approximately AUD35 million to acquire approximately 20.95 million shares of
Telix at AUD1.69 each. In August 2022, the Group disposed 10 million Telix shares (equivalent to approximately half of holdings) at
AUD7.25 each and got AUD72.5 million cash. This not only represented that all investment costs have been recovered, but also
brought additional AUD37.5 million (equivalent to approximately HK$200 million) cash return. As a 31 December 2022, share price
of Telix is at AUD7.27 each. The Group is still holding approximately 10.95 million shares of Telix and amounted to approximately
AUD79.6 million (equivalent to approximately HK$424 million).

Distribution costs and administrative expenses
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s distribution costs and administrative expenses were approximately
HK$2,306,520,000 and HK$1,090,030,000 respectively as compared to approximately HK2,397,850,000 and HK$909,620,000
respectively for the corresponding period in 2021. The decrease in distribution costs of approximately 3.8% during the Year was
mainly due to the sales staffs’ targeted deployment and work during the Year, to promote new product in a more efficient way.
The administrative expenses increased by approximately 19.8% as compared to the corresponding period last year, mainly due to
the increase in investment in innovative R&D projects.

Finance costs
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s finance costs were approximately HK$137,490,000 as compared to
approximately HK$92,960,000 for the corresponding period in 2021. The increase was due to certain financing arrangements in
response to business expansion and higher finance costs due to US dollar interest rate hike.

R&D and project investment
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group has invested a large amount of capital in the stages of research project and
introduction of innovative projects. If including the R&D expenses and also the capitalized R&D expenses, prepayments for new
projects and other investments, the Group’s investment in R&D and various projects throughout 2022 would be approximately
HK$2.45 billion.

Receivables and payables
As at 31 December 2022, trade and other receivables of the Group amounted to approximately HK$2,997,380,000, representing an
increase of approximately HK$335,940,000 as compared to the balance in 2021, mainly due to the increase in trade receivables of
approximately HK$126,150,000 as a result of the increase in business during the Period. Prepayments have increased by
approximately HK$185,690,000, and was mainly related to the prepayment of approximately HK$138,420,000 for the acquisition of
certain shares in a fund. The transfer procedure of such acquisition was not yet completed as at 31 December 2022.

As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s trade and other payables amounted to approximately HK$2,488,580,000, representing a
decrease of approximately HK$383,180,000 as compared to the balance in 2021.
40     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Management Discussion and Analysis

Research and development
The Group has sufficient innovation pipeline. During the Period, there were accumulatively 136 projects under research and 55
innovation projects, which were in different stages from preclinical to new drug commercialization application. The pipeline
layout was reasonable, forming a good echelon effect.

R&D Center
Currently, the Group is involved in and has established a number of R&D technology platforms and R&D centers around the world:

In the field of pharmaceutical technology, the International R&D Center in Optics Valley in Wuhan, China is the main R&D body of
the Group in the pharmaceutical technology field in China, providing technical support for the R&D of the Group’s high-end
preparation products; the Glycomics technology platform is located at the R&D center in Australia, focusing on the development
of antiviral drugs; the mRNA technology platform has established R&D centers in Nanjing, China and Belgium, focusing on the
development of anti-tumor and anti-infective mRNA drugs, and will further expand into the fields of rare disease and protein
replacement therapy in the future; and the DNA technology platform is located at the San Diego R&D Center in the United States,
focusing on tumor DNA immunotherapy.

In the segment of nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment, the Group has two technology platforms, namely the
tumor intervention technology platform and the RDC technology platform, consisting of two R&D centers, namely the Grand
Pharmaceutical — Shandong University Radiopharmaceutical Research Institute in China.

In the cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment segment, the Group’s high-end medical device
R&D technology platform comprises International R&D Center in Optics Valley in Wuhan, China, the Changzhou Device R&D Center
in China and the Minnesota R&D Center in the United States.

R&D Team
As a technology-based innovative pharmaceutical enterprise, the Group has long been committed to building a high-end
innovative R&D talent system to promote the global development of innovative projects. During the year, the Group, together
with its associates, has a total of over 700 R&D personnel (including overseas R&D teams such as Sirtex), of which more than 400
have master’s degree and doctoral degree holders, accounting for nearly 60%. All professional leaders and core team members of
each segment have academic background in clinical medicine or pharmacy, while some of whom also have overseas education or
working experience.

Development of Generic Drugs
During 2022 up to the date of this report, epinephrine hydrochloride injection (pre-filled), tirofiban hydrochloride injection
(250ml), amiodarone hydrochloride injection, penehyclidine hydrochloride injection have been issued drug registration certificates
by the NMPA.

Consistency Evaluation
During 2022 up to the date of this report, tirofiban hydrochloride and sodium chloride injection, amiodarone hydrochloride
injection, penehyclidine hydrochloride injection, haloperidol injection, succinylcholine chloride (anhydrous) injection, fluorouracil
injection, moxifloxacin hydrochloride eye drop, dopamine hydrochloride injection were approved or deemed to have passed the
consistency evaluation, and new applications were made for Zuo Xi Meng Dan injection, sodium hyaluronate eye drop, travoprost
eye drop, carglumic acid tablet, telmisartan and hydrochlorothiazide tablet, atropine sulfate injection. At present, a total of 23
products of the Group have been approved or deemed to have passed the Consistency Evaluation, and other 11 products are
under review.

International Registration
During 2022 up to the date of this report, each of acetylcysteine (non-animal source), carbocisteine (non-animal source) and API
products of xylometazoline hydrochloride has passed CEP registration of the European Union.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022       41


Management Discussion and Analysis

Intellectual Property Protection
During the period under review, the Group applied for 70 new patents, including 15 core patent applications and 55 peripheral
patent applications, and 136 new patents were granted, 71 of which were invention patents, accounting for 52.2%. The Group has
accumulated 599 valid patents, including 333 invention patents and 266 utility model patents and design patents. The core patent
applications for the project of STC3141 were granted in the United States, and the patent applications in other countries and
regions are progressing smoothly. A new PCT patent was filed for APAD, including a core patent application; 6 new PTC patent
applications were filed in the biotechnological segment; 7 new patent applications around the core products were filed in the
oncological segment.

Commercialization Capability
The Group’s performance continued to improve, and the continuous commercialization of innovative products and profit
contribution cannot be separated from the continuous improvement of commercialization capabilities. In 2022, the Group had
over 3,800 sales personnel and nearly 3,300 sales personnel in the pharmaceutical area, covering over 20,000 hospitals with over
1,000 OTC personnel and more than 260,000 pharmacies in China; the cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis
and treatment segment has reached 140 sales personnel, covering more than 1,400 hospitals; the nuclear medicine anti-tumor
diagnosis and treatment segment has nearly 230 sales personnel worldwide, with its global sales network covering more than 50
countries and regions. It has also actively carried out the hospital admission and academic promotion of Yttrium-90 microsphere
injections in China.

International Standard
The Group continues to accelerate the pace of globalization and has a number of independently operating overseas companies in
the fields of nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment, cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and
treatment, and severe disease anti-infection, etc. The Group has advanced overseas clinical trials of a number of global innovative
products and obtained eight clinical approvals in five countries, including the United States, Australia, Belgium, Poland and the
United Kingdom, involving a number of indications such as primary liver cancer, novel coronavirus infection and sepsis. Currently,
the Group has over 330 employees overseas.

Material Investment, M&A and Cooperation
The Group continued to implement the development strategy of “self-development + global expansion”, further exploring high-
quality innovative projects around the world to expand the Group’s product pipeline and enhance the Group’s comprehensive
strengths and putting vigorous efforts in transformation towards innovation and internationalization. In 2022, the Group has
carried out the following material investment, M&A and cooperation:

•     Entering into of a product licensing agreement with Novartis AG to obtain commercialization rights for two
      global innovative products for the treatment of asthma
      In February 2022, the Group entered into a product licensing agreement with Novartis AG. (“Novartis”, a world-renowned
      company) in Switzerland. The Group will pay Novartis up to US$20 million and a certain percentage of the sales as
      commission, to obtain the exclusive commercialization rights of Enerzair® Breezhaler® and Atectura® Breezhaler®, two global
      innovative compound preparations for the treatment of asthma from Novartis in mainland China. Enerzair® Breezhaler® and
      Atectura® Breezhaler® products have been commercialized in Europe, Australia and Japan, and were approved by NMPA for
      commercialization in May 2021 and June 2021, respectively. The cooperation with Novartis is another successful attempt of
      the Group to join hands with internationally renowned pharmaceutical companies, which will further provide momentum
      for the Group’s medium and long-term development.
42    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Management Discussion and Analysis

•    Capital injection into Wuhan Shetai Medical
     In April 2022, Grand Pharmaceutical (China) Company Limited (“Grand Pharma (China)”, an indirect non-wholly owned
     subsidiary of the Company), Shanghai Shetai Medical Technology Limited (“Shanghai Shetai”) and Wuhan Shetai Medical
     Technology Co., Ltd. (“Wuhan Shetai Medical”, which is owned as to 33% by Grand Pharma (China) and 67% by Shanghai
     Shetai) entered into a capital injection agreement. Pursuant to the capital injection agreement, Grand Pharma (China) and
     Shanghai Shetai, as the existing shareholders of Wuhan Shetai Medical, agreed to increase the registered capital of Wuhan
     Shetai Medical by RMB65,000,000, where Grand Pharma (China) and Shanghai Shetai shall make additional capital
     contributions of RMB21,450,000 and RMB43,550,000, respectively, in proportion to their respective existing shareholdings in
     Wuhan Shetai Medical.

•    Reaching a strategic cooperation and signed a technology and intellectual property product transfer agreement
     with the Eye Hospital of Wenzhou Medical University
     In May 2022, the Group entered into a strategic cooperation agreement with the Eye Hospital of WMU. The Group will,
     according to the R&D progress, pay RMB70 million by phases to obtain from Eye Hospital, WMU the technology and
     intellectual property rights of the technology used in the prevention and treatment of myopia and the new ophthalmic
     preparation (GPN00884) product in the Greater China Region (Mainland China, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of
     China, Macao Special Administrative Region of China and Taiwan), and subsequently may pay certain sales commission
     subject to the sales conditions of related products. The Group expects this strategic cooperation to leverage the resources
     and advantages of both sides in their respective professional fields, strengthen industry-university-research cooperation on
     common ophthalmic diseases, and jointly promote cutting-edge innovative research and technological achievement
     transformation in the ophthalmic industry.

•    Introduction of a global innovative endogenous tissue repair product
     In July 2022, the Group and XELTIS AG (“XELTIS”) have entered into a strategic cooperation agreement on equity investment
     and product introduction. The Group will use EUR15 million, after meeting specific terms and conditions, to acquire
     approximately 11% equity interests in XELTIS, and obtain exclusive development, production and commercialization rights
     of aXess, a global first-of-its-kind restorative device for patients with End Stage Renal Disease requiring hemodialysis access
     with Arteriovenous Graft, and other new products in the field of hemodialysis developed under the same technology
     platform in the Greater China region (Mainland China, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of China, Macao Special
     Administrative Region of China, and Taiwan). According to the agreement, the Group also has the pre-emptive negotiation
     right for products of XELTIS developed in other indication areas, in the Greater China region. This strategic cooperation will
     deepen the Group’s product layout in the field of hemodialysis in peripheral vascular intervention.

•    Acquisition of 100% equity interest in Hubei Bafeng
     In July 2022, the Group entered into an equity acquisition agreement with Hubei Bafeng, pursuant to which, the Group will
     acquire 100% equity interest in Hubei Bafeng at an amount of not more than RMB270 million after the relevant conditions as
     agreed in the acquisition agreement are fulfilled. Upon completion of the acquisition, the Group will own 24 API registration
     certificates for amino acids, covering more than 70% of registration certificates in the same category, and become the
     pharmaceutical company with the largest number of API registration certificates for amino acids in China, which will further
     strengthen the Group’s leading position in the field of high-quality amino acids.

•    Capital injection in Sirtex
     In December 2022, the Group subscribed 29,646,627 shares of Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd. (which wholly owned the
     equity interests of Sirtex) at the consideration of USD35 million. After the completion of the transaction the equity interests
     held in it increased to approximately 51.61%. The Group will be able to further increase its shareholding rights in Sirtex and
     its business of global innovative medical products which will further strengthen the pipeline of products available to the
     Group, and Sirtex may have a more stable liquidity position to support its continuous development.

     Other than stated above, the Group did not have other material acquisition or disposal in 2022.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022      43


Management Discussion and Analysis

INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Group has been committing to improving its corporate governance to ensure the long-term development. During the year,
the Group published annual reports, annual results announcements, and other announcements and circulars on the websites of
the Company and the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited, and issued voluntary announcements, so as to disclose the
latest business developments of the Group to shareholders and investors.

At the same time, the Group actively maintains close communication with investors through various channels, including securities
company roadshows, large-scale telephone conferences, one-on-one meetings and other diversified communication methods, to
introduce the Group’s business situation, development progress and overseas member companies’ businesses to investors, and
simultaneously releases the latest business updates through different media channels, aiming to build an open, two-way,
transparent and sincere communication platform, so that investors can keep abreast of the Group’s business progress and
development prospects. During the year, the Group actively communicated with the capital market and investors through new
product presentations, results announcements and investor open days, and participated in a number of summits, forums, strategy
conferences and special roadshows held by large investment banks and securities companies, attracting 100 institutional investors
and analysts. Through communication with investors, the Group hopes to listen to more valuable opinions and extensively collect
feedback from investors by establishing an active and efficient information and communication mechanism, so as to further
enhance its corporate governance.

The Group’s investor relations management is conducive to establishing a high-quality corporate image and delivering the core
strategy of technological innovation. It has been highly recognized in the industry in multiple dimensions. In January 2022, it was
awarded the “Most Valuable Pharmaceutical and Medical Company” and the “Best IR Team” in the sixth Golden Hong Kong Stocks
Awards. In June 2022, it was awarded the “Best Hong Kong Listed Companies in Hubei”. In July 2022, it was included in the “2021
China Pharmaceutical Industry Top 100 Series List”. In September 2022, it was awarded the Golden Unicorn “Listed Company of
Hong Kong and US Stocks with Most Growth Potential” Award by Sina Finance in 2022. In November 2022, it was recognized as a
“National Demonstration Enterprise in Technology Innovation” and was included in the “Top 100 Private Enterprises in Hubei
Province”. In December 2022, it was awarded the “Most Valuable Pharmaceutical and Medical Company” and the “Best IR Team” in
the seventh Golden Hong Kong Stocks Awards. In January 2023, it received the “Investment and Customs Pioneer Award” of the
Royal Flush Enterprise.

UPDATES ON SIGNIFICANT MATTERS
With reference to the disclosure in the annual reports of the Company between 2016 to 2022, Tianjin Jingming New Technology
Development Co., Ltd. (the “Tianjin Jingming”), an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is undertaking certain
litigations related to a product quality incident, and it is also claiming the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming for the
indemnification of those possible loss suffered by the Company. Up to 31 December 2022, the court has concluded 72 cases, and
3 cases are under hearing processes at the people’s court. Among the final and effective judgements, Tianjin Jingming has paid
the compensation and the related legal charges of approximately RMB37,222,231 in according to the court orders. The other
related litigations of the product quality incident have not yet been concluded. Given that (1) such product is not the core product
of the Group, and (2) according to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the original shareholders of
Tianjin Jingming should be responsible for the compensation of such product incident until 30 June 2015, and in April 2021 Grand
Pharm (China) had claimed the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming for the indemnification of those possible loss suffered.
According to the final judgment by the court, the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming should compensate to us
approximately RMB27,090,000 as the existing compensate and liquidated damages at the point of the judgment. After the
execution of the enforcement order from the people’s court, Grand Pharm (China) has got properties and cash at approximately
RMB7.27 million in aggregate from the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming, and the outstanding amount is still under
enforcement processes. Also Grand Pharm (China) has the right to raise litigation claiming the original shareholders of Tianjin
Jingming for the subsequent payment of the indemnification related to such product quality incident made by Tianjin Jingming.
Hence, the Directors are of the view that the said incident and the related litigations do not have material impact to the Group.
44      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Management Discussion and Analysis

According to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the vendors have undertaken to the Group that
the net profit after tax (the “Actual Profit”) from domestic sales (only include the net profit generated from domestic sales and
shall not include the profit generated from the sales of irrigating solutions (灌注液)) of Tianjin Jingming for the period
commencing on 1 January 2015 and ending on 30 June 2015 shall not be less than RMB5,000,000 (the “Performance
Guarantee”). If the above Performance Guarantee cannot be met, the Group can claim for a refund of part of the share transfer
consideration in according to the formula set out in the announcement of the Company dated 22 December 2014. The Group
raised a litigation against those vendors in related to the said Performance Guarantee, and after the first trial, second trial and
retrial from the court, the court granted the final judgement in December 2020. It was concluded that the Group can get back the
RMB10,000,000 share transfer consideration deposited in the bank account jointly controlled by the Group and the vendors. The
vendors should also additionally refund approximately RMB11,200,000 share transfer consideration to the Group in according to
the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming. Up to now, the Group has followed the judgement from the
court and got back the RMB10,000,000 deposited in the bank account jointly controlled by the Group and the vendors.

FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY
As at 31 December 2022, the Group had current assets of HK$6,886.92 million (31 December 2021: HK$6,778.59 million) and
current liabilities of HK$6,454.60 million (31 December 2021: HK$5,566.13 million). The current ratio was 1.07 at 31 December 2022
as compared with 1.22 at 31 December 2021.

The Group’s cash and bank balances as at 31 December 2022 amounted to HK$1,441.01 million (31 December 2021: HK$1,752.86
million), of which approximately 10.0% were denominated in Hong Kong Dollars, United States Dollars, Australian Dollars, Euro and
90.0% in Renminbi.

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had outstanding bank loans of approximately HK$3,741.38 million (31 December 2021:
HK$2,849.29 million) were granted by banks in the PRC and Hong Kong. All bank loans were denominated in RMB, USD and HK$.
The interest rates charged by banks ranged from 2.70% to 7.68% (31 December 2021: 2.18% to 6.89%) per annum, in which
approximately HK$1,952.53 million bank loans were charged at fixed interest rates. Certain bank loans were pledged by assets of
the Group with a net book value of HK$167.20 million (31 December 2021: HK$284.35 million). The gearing ratio of the Group,
measured by bank borrowings as a percentage of shareholders’ equity, was approximately 26.5% as at 31 December 2022 while it
was also approximately 21.3% as at 31 December 2021.

Since the Group’s principal activities are in the PRC and the financial resources available, including cash on hand and bank
borrowings, are mainly in Renminbi and Hong Kong Dollars, the exposure to foreign exchange fluctuation is relatively low.

The Group intends to principally finance its operations and investing activities with its operating revenue, internal resources and
bank facilities. The Directors believe that the Group has a healthy financial position and has sufficient resources to satisfy its capital
expenditure and working capital requirement. The Group adopted a conservative treasury policy with most of the bank deposits
being kept in Hong Kong dollars, or in the local currencies of the operating subsidiaries to minimize exposure to foreign exchange
risks. As at 31 December 2022, the Group has a cross currency swap contract to offset the currency exchange risk between HKD
and RMB in related to the interests payment of certain bank loans. Save as disclosed above, the Group did not have other foreign
exchange contracts, interest or currency swaps or other financial derivatives for hedging purposes.

PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
The Group’s financial condition, results of operations, and business prospects may be affected directly or indirectly, by a number
of risks and uncertainties pertaining to the Group’s businesses. To the best of knowledge and belief, the Directors consider that
the following are the key risks and uncertainties identified by the Group as at the date of this report.

Market Risks
Market risk is the risk that deteriorates profitability or affects ability to meet business objectives arising from the movement in
market prices, being foreign exchange rates and interest rates. The management of the Group manages and monitors these
exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022       45


Management Discussion and Analysis

Foreign Exchange Rates Risk
The Group mainly operates in the PRC with most of the transactions settled in Renminbi. During the year ended 31 December
2022, save as disclosed above, the Group did not carry out other hedging activity against foreign currency risk. Any substantial
exchange rate fluctuation of foreign currencies against Renminbi may have a financial impact on the Group.

Interest Rate Risk
For interest-sensitive products and investments, the Group analyses its interest rate exposure on a dynamic basis and considers
managing the risk in a cost-effective manner when appropriate, through variety of means.

Liquidity Risk
Liquidity risk is the potential that the Group will be unable to meet its obligations when they fall due because of an inability to
obtain adequate funding or liquidate assets. In managing liquidity risk, the Group monitors cash flows and maintains an adequate
level of cash and cash equivalent to ensure the ability to finance the Group’s operations and reduce the effects of fluctuation in
cash flows.

Operational Risk
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external
events. Responsibility for managing operational risks basically rests with every function at divisional and departmental levels. Key
functions in the Group are guided by their standard operating procedures, limits of authority and reporting framework. The
management will identify and assess key operational exposures regularly so that appropriate risk response can be taken.

Investment Risk
Investment risk can be defined as the likelihood of occurrence of losses relative to the expected return on any particular
investment. Key concern of investment framework will be balancing risk and return across different investments, and thus risk
assessment is a core aspect of the investment decision process. Proper authorisation system has been set up and detailed analysis
will be made before approving investments. Regular updates on the progress of the investments of the Group would be
submitted to the Board.

Economic Environment
Most of the Group’s facilities, operations and its revenue are located in and derived from Mainland China and Hong Kong, the PRC.
The Group’s results of operations and financial condition therefore depend on the economies of Mainland China and Hong Kong,
the PRC. The economy of Hong Kong is significantly affected by the developments in the Mainland China and the Asia-Pacific
region. Mainland China’s economy may experience negative economic developments, and other regional economies may also
deteriorate.

The Group also has significant business across the PRC and part of its growth strategy is to expand into new regions. These regions
have also been adversely affected by the global economic slowdown and any continued slowdown may have an adverse effect on
the Group’s existing operations in, and planned expansion into, these regions.

Environmental Policies
The Group is committed to contributing to the sustainability of the environment and is committed to building an
environmentally-friendly corporation that pays close attention to conserving natural resources. The Group strives to minimize its
environmental impact by reducing water consumption and encouraging recycle of office supplies and other materials.

Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations
Save as disclosed above, during the year ended 31 December 2022, as far as the Company is aware, there was no material breach
of or non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations by the Group that have a significant impact on the business and
operations of the Group.
46       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Management Discussion and Analysis

Key Relationships
(i)     Employees
        Human resources are one of the greatest assets of the Group and the Group regards the personal development of its
        employees as highly important. The Group aims to continue to be an attractive employer for committed employees. The
        Group strives to motivate its employees with a clear career path and opportunities for advancement and improvement of
        their skills.

(ii)    Suppliers
        The Group has developed long-standing relationships with a number of suppliers and take a great care to ensure that they
        share its commitment to quality and ethics. The Group cautiously selects its suppliers and requires them to satisfy certain
        assessment criteria including experience, reputation and quality control effectiveness.

(iii)   Customers
        The Group is committed to offer quality products to its customers and keep them informed its latest business
        developments.

Employees and Remuneration Policy
As at 31 December 2022, the Group employed about 10,172 staff and workers in Hong Kong and the PRC (31 December 2021:
about 10,029). The Group remunerates its employees based on their performance and experience and their remuneration package
will be reviewed periodically by the management. Other employee benefits include medical insurance, retirement scheme,
appropriate training program and share option scheme.

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENT
Save as disclosed above, there was no other significant investment during the year.

CONTRACTUAL AND CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
As at 31 December 2022, the Group as lessor had operating lease commitments of HK$0.65 million (20211: HK$0.21 million).

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had capital commitments of HK$140.49 million (2021: HK$180.32 million).

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
As at 31 December 2022, the Directors were not aware of any material contingent liabilities.

EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
Save as disclosed above, no subsequent events occurred after 31 December 2022 which may have a significant effect, on the
assets and liabilities of future operations of the Group.

APPRECIATION
On behalf of the board of Directors (the “Board”), I would like to express my gratitude to our management and staff for their
dedication and contribution to the Group, and our shareholders and business associates for their continued support throughout
the year.




Dr. Tang Wei Kun
Chairman

Hong Kong, 22 March 2023
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022       47


Corporate Governance Report

The Company has complied with all the applicable code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (the “Code Provisions”) as
set out in Appendix 14 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on the Stock Exchange during the year
ended 31 December 2022:

DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out
in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct for securities transactions by Directors. Having made specific
enquiries of all Directors, the Directors have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code during the year ended
31 December 2022.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board is responsible for formulating and reviewing business strategies and directions, overseeing the management and
monitoring the performance of the Group. While the management is delegated by the Board to execute these business strategies
and directions and is responsible for the daily operations of the Group.

Currently, the Board comprises 4 executive Directors — Dr. Tang Weikun, Dr. Shao Yan, Dr. Niu Zhanqi and Dr. Shi Lin and 3
independent non-executive Directors — Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie, Mr. Hu Yebi and Dr. Pei Geng. Dr. Tang Weikun is the Chairman
and Mr. Zhou Chao is the Chief Executive Officer. There is no relationship among members of the Board.

The roles of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer are clearly defined and segregated to ensure independence and proper
checks and balances. Dr. Tang, as Chairman of the Board, with his strategic vision, provides leadership to the Board and gives
direction in the development of the Group, which is of added benefit to the check and balance mechanism of the Group. Mr.
Zhou, as the Chief Executive Officer, focuses on the day-to-day management of the Group’s business, and leads the management
team of the Group.

The Board believes that the balance between executive and non-executive Directors is reasonable and adequate to provide check
and balance that safeguard the interests of shareholders and the Group.

The Company has received annual confirmation of independence from all independent non-executive Directors in accordance
with Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers that all independent non-executive Directors are independent and
meet the independent guidelines set out in the Listing Rules.

All Directors are appointed for a term of one year and are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at the general meetings
in accordance with the Company’s Bye-Laws.

BOARD AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT DIVERSITY POLICY
The Company has implemented a board and senior management diversity policy with the aim to set out the approach to achieve
diversity in the Board and at the senior management level. The Company sees increasing diversity at Board and senior
management level as essential to supporting attainment of its strategic objectives and to achieve sustainable and balanced
development. In designing the composition of the Board and the senior management, the diversity has been considered from a
number of perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional
experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. All appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be
considered against objective criteria, having due regard to the benefits of diversity. It should have a balance of skills and
experience and a diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business.

The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and senior management team to enhance the
quality of its performance. Currently the Board and senior management team comprises 8 male and 2 female.
48     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Corporate Governance Report

TRAINING, INDUCTION AND CONTINUING DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS
Up to 31 December 2022, the Directors complied with the paragraph A.6.5 of the Code Provision on participation in continuous
professional training as follows:

                                                                                                          Mode of participation
                                                                                                                 a                            b


Dr. Tang Weikun
Dr. Shao Yan
Dr. Niu Zhanqi
Dr. Shi Lin
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie
Mr. Hu Yebi
Dr. Pei Geng

a:   Directors received regular briefings and updates from the Company Secretary/the Company’s management on the Group’s business, operations and
     corporate governance matters.

b:   Directors read technical bulletins, periodicals and other publications on subjects relevant to the Group and/or on their responsibilities and
     obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant regulatory requirements.


AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Company has established an audit committee with written terms of reference for the purpose of monitoring the integrity of
the financial statements and overseeing the financial reporting process and the internal control system of the Group. The audit
committee is also responsible for the appointment of external auditors and assessment of their qualifications, independence and
performance.

Currently, the audit committee consists of three independent non-executive Directors namely, Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie
(Chairwoman), Mr. Hu Yebi and Dr. Pei Geng. Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie has appropriate professional qualifications as required by
3.10(2) of the Listing Rules.

The audit committee held two meetings during the year ended 31 December 2022 and reviewed the accounting principles and
practices adopted by the Group and discussed financial reporting matters including a review of the interim and annual financial
statements. The audit committee also met with the external auditors to discuss auditing, internal control, statutory compliance
and financial reporting matters before recommending the financial statements to the Board for approval. There was no
disagreement between management and the external auditors with regard to the interim and annual financial statements.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022      49


Corporate Governance Report

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The Company has established a remuneration committee with written terms of reference. Currently, the remuneration committee
is chaired by Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie with an executive Director Dr. Tang Weikun and an independent non-executive Director Mr.
Hu Yebi as members.

The remuneration committee is responsible for making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for
the remuneration of all Directors and senior management and reviewing specific remuneration package of all Directors and senior
management including any compensation payable for loss or termination of their office and appointment. The remuneration
should reflect the performance, complexity of duties and responsibility of the individual. The remuneration committee met twice
during the year to review the remuneration policy for all Directors and senior management and considered the revised terms of
reference of the nomination committee.

The remuneration of Directors and senior management comprises salary, pensions and discretionary bonus. Details of the
Directors’ emoluments for the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.

NOMINATION COMMITTEE
The Company has established a nomination committee with written terms of reference. Currently, the nomination committee is
chaired by Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie with an executive Director Dr. Shao Yan and an independent non- executive Director Mr. Hu
Yebi as members.

The nomination committee is responsible for assisting the Board in the overall management of the nomination practices of the
Company to ensure that effective policies, processes and practices are implemented in respect of the appointment and removal
of Directors. The nomination committee considers the past performance, qualification, general market conditions and the
Company’s Bye-laws in seeking and recommending candidates for directorship.

The nomination committee held a meeting in 2022 to review the structure, size and composition of the Board, assess the
independence of the independent non-executive Directors and other related matters of the Company.

ATTENDANCE RECORD AT MEETINGS
The attendance records of each Director at the various meetings of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2022 are
set out as below:

                                                                  Meetings Attended/Held
                                          Annual
                                         General                                Audit      Remuneration         Nomination
Directors                                Meeting              Board         Committee        Committee           Committee


Dr. Tang Weikun                                1/1             23/23                N/A               2/2                N/A
Dr. Shao Yan                                   1/1             23/23                N/A               N/A                1/1
Dr. Niu Zhanqi                                 1/1             23/23                N/A               N/A                N/A
Dr. Shi Lin                                    1/1             23/23                N/A               N/A                N/A
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie                        1/1             23/23                2/2               2/2                1/1
Mr. Hu Yebi                                    1/1             23/23                2/2               2/2                1/1
Dr. Pei Geng                                   1/1             23/23                2/2               N/A                N/A
50     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Corporate Governance Report

AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
During the year, the auditors performed the work of statutory audit for the year of 2022. Audit fees for the year under review
payable/paid to the auditors of the Company, HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited, amounted to HK$3,880,000.

FINANCIAL REPORTING
The Board has overall responsibility for preparing the accounts of the Group. In preparing the accounts, the generally accepted
accounting policies in Hong Kong have been adopted and the Group has complied with accounting standards issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Appropriate accounting policies have also been applied consistently. The Directors
are not aware of any other material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast doubt upon the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board acknowledges that it has overall responsibility for the Group’s risk management and internal control systems and for
reviewing their effectiveness. The Company has an internal audit team which carries out the analysis and independent appraisal of
the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems and reports to the Board. The
Board also ensures that the review of the effectiveness of these systems has been conducted annually. Several areas have been
considered during the Board’s review, which include but not limited to (i) the changes in the nature and extent of significant risks
since the last annual review, and the Group’s ability to respond to changes in its business and the external environment (ii) the
scope and quality of management’s ongoing monitoring of risks and of the internal control systems.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Board has conducted its regular and annual review of the effectiveness of our risk
management and internal control systems, in particular, the operational and financial reports, compliance control and risk
management reports, budgets and business plans provided by the management. The audit committee of the Company also
performs regular review of the Group’s performance, risk management and internal control systems and discusses with the Board,
in order to ensure effective measures are in place to protect material assets and identify business risks of the Group. Such review in
the year ended 31 December 2022 did not reveal any major issues and the Board considers our risk management and internal
control systems effective and adequate. The Group’s review procedures involved in the risk management and internal control
mainly included:

(1)   A list of risks was created after the scope of risks was determined and risks were identified.

(2)   The impacts brought by possible financial losses due to risks on operating efficiency, continuous development, and
      reputation were assessed with reference to possible occurrence of various potential risks and the attention drawn from the
      management of the Group, based on which the priority of the risks was determined.

(3)   Our risk management measures with respect to material risks were identified, internal control over the design and
      implementation of risk management measures were assessed, and measures to improve the weaknesses were formulated.

(4)   By assessing internal controls and management’s implementation of rectification measures with respect to material risks,
      the Group regularly reviewed and summarized the risk management and internal control systems to realize the efficient
      operation and constant improvement of risk management.

(5)   The risk management handbook was formulated to address risk management and internal control, pursuant to which, the
      terms of reference of the management, the Board, and the Audit Committee with respect to their risk management work
      were clearly determined, and risk management and internal control systems were monitored on an ongoing basis.

(6)   The management submitted reports to the Audit Committee on regular reviews and assessment results with respect to risk
      management and internal control systems, material risk factors, and the relevant countermeasures.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022      51


Corporate Governance Report

In order to enhance the Group’s system of handling inside information, and to ensure the truthfulness, accuracy, completeness
and timeliness of its public disclosures, the Group also adopts and implements an inside information policy and procedures.
Certain reasonable measures have been taken from time to time to ensure that proper safeguards exist to prevent a breach of a
disclosure requirement in relation to the Group, which include:

(1)   The access of information is restricted to a limited number of employees on a need-to-know basis. Employees who are in
      possession of inside information are fully conversant with their obligations to preserve confidentiality.

(2)   Confidentiality agreements or confidentiality clauses are in place when the Group enters into significant negotiations.

(3)   The executive Directors are designated persons who speak on behalf of the Company when communicating with external
      parties such as the media, analysts or investors.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS
The Board has adopted the terms of reference on corporate governance functions. The terms of reference of the Board in respect
of corporate governance function are summarised as follows:

•     to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;

•     to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management;

•     to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices to ensure compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;

•     to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and Directors;
      and

•     to review the Company’s compliance with the Code Provisions and its disclosure requirements in the Corporate Governance
      Report.

The work performed by the Board on corporate governance functions during the year ended 31 December 2021 included
developing and reviewing the Company’s policies on corporate governance and review the Company’s compliance with the Code
Provisions.

COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS
The Company establishes different communication channels with shareholders and investors. Printed copies of the annual and
interim reports and circulars are sent to shareholders. Shareholders are encouraged to attend general meetings of the Company
which allows the Directors to meet and communicate with them.
52     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Corporate Governance Report

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company
carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the
Board or the secretary of the company, to require a special general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any
business specified in such requisition.

Any number of shareholders representing not less than one-twentieth of the total voting rights of all the shareholders of the
Company or not less than 100 shareholders can put forward any proposed resolution or the business to be dealt with at general
meetings of the Company by depositing a requisition in writing at the principal office of the Company. The requisition must be
signed by the relevant shareholder(s).

Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns to the Board in writing through the company secretary of the
Company whose contact details are as follows:

Unit 3302, The Center,
99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong
Email: victor.foo@grandpharm.com

Shareholders may also make enquiries with the Board at the general meetings of the Company.

CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
In 2012, the Company adopted certain amendments on the Bye-laws of the Company in order to bring the Bye-laws in line with (i)
current amendments made to the Listing Rules came into effect on 1 January 2012 and 1 April 2012; and (ii) amendments of the
Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda pursuant to the Companies Amendment (No. 2) Act 2011 in Bermuda which became operative
on 18 December 2011. The amended Bye-laws of the Company is available on the websites of the Company and the Stock
Exchange.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022       53


Environment, Social and Governance Report

This report is prepared by the Company in accordance with the Environment, Social and Governance Reporting Guidelines as set
out in Appendix 27 of the Listing Rules. This report covers entities with substantial effect to the financial and actual operational
process, mainly being the companies and production plants located in the PRC. Save as otherwise indicated, the data and
contents in this report are all in relation to the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022 and presented in RMB.

THE BOARD’S ESG COMMITMENT
The Board has overall responsibility for the Group’s ESG strategy and reporting. The Board is committed to determining the most
effective way to integrate ESG considerations into its structure and committees. The Group also evaluates and monitors ESG-
related risks and ensures these risks are thoroughly considered in the process of decision making and embedded into the
management of risk and opportunities across the Group.

The Group strives to achieve a high level of public transparency by regularly engaging stakeholders and disclosing information in
a timely and accurate manner. The Group maintains regular exchanges and dialogues with peers, investors and other stakeholders
to share the updates of ESG-related risks and regulatory requirements etc. The Group also tracks existing and emerging regulations
to ensure that its ESG policies, processes and disclosures meet expectations.

Legal compliance is an essential pillar for sound corporate governance and underpins sustainable operations. The Group
confirmed that it has established appropriate and effective management policies and internal control systems for ESG issues
during the Reporting Period, and confirmed that the disclosed contents are in compliance with the requirements of the ESG
Reporting Guide.

THE GROUP’S ESG APPROACH
The Board and senior management of the Group are involved in the materiality assessment in identifying material ESG issues that
impact the Group’s business operation. The management of the Group actively participates in the optimisation of existing
operation plans, fully supports various resources and strives to integrate ESG matters into the daily operation and management of
the enterprise.

The Group has a vision for its operation practices and the provision of quality products and excellent services. The Group not only
abides by strict standards and requirements to ensure the highest quality of its products, but also sticks to develop innovative
products to meet the global healthcare demand and improve the quality of life. The Group is committed to becoming a pioneer in
core technology, increasing investment in research and development, recruiting talents around the world, maintaining innovation
in various business areas, complying with relevant rules and regulations, and continuously improving the quality management
system, so as to achieve stable product quality to meet customer requirements.

The Group is well aware that the development, promotion and sale of pharmaceutical products are related to public health.
Therefore, the Group’s will put the products safety and service quality, including the development, production, testing and after-
sales of products, in an important position when setting ESG management objectives. At the same time, the Group will focus on
more safe, more effective or more cost-effective innovative drugs to meet the actual needs of patients and maximise social
benefits taking into account the unmet medical demands of the international pharmaceutical market. The Group will consider the
effect of operational activities on the environment in order to build a green, harmonious and sustainable society with all
stakeholders.
54     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Environment, Social and Governance Report

COMMUNICATIONS WITH STAKEHOLDERS
Key stakeholders of the Group include shareholders and investors, government and regulatory authorities, customers, suppliers,
employees and communities. The Group strives to communicate with the stakeholders from time to time to understand their
opinions and expectations, and assist the Group to continuously improve and enhance the comprehensive management ability
and level of the enterprise through effective and diversified communication channels so as to satisfy the needs of the stakeholders.
The Group has identified the stakeholders as follows:


Stakeholders                  Shared objectives                                    Communication and feedback channels


Shareholders and              — Steady growth in return on investments             — General meetings
  investors                   — Asset preservation and appreciation                — Annual report and announcement
                              — Explore new markets and opportunities              — Investor meetings
                              — Prevent operational risks                          — Press release
                              — Safeguard information rights

Government and                — Strict compliance with relevant laws and           — Email and telephone communication
  regulatory authorities        regulations                                        — Tax payment
                              — Safe production                                    — Implementation of national policies
                              — Pay tax in accordance with law

Customers                     — Provide premium products                           — Corporate website
                              — Product safety                                     — Technical training and seminar
                              — Provide sustainable innovative products            — Product release conference
                              — Create win-win situation                           — On-site visit
                              — Offer refined customer service and
                                communication channels

Suppliers                     — Product safety                                     — Evaluation on suppliers
                              — Fair and open procurement                          — On-site inspection
                              — Win-win cooperation                                — Daily communication

Employees                     — Protect employees’ benefits and rights             — Staff training
                              — Promote occupational health and safety             — Staff care activities
                              — Provide equal employment opportunities             — Staff interview
                              — Build a platform for growth and diversified        — Internal email
                                development
                              — Work-life balance

Community                     — Facilitate employment                              — Provide employment opportunities
                              — Enhance local economic development                 — Promote local economic development
                              — Strengthen environmental protection and            — Improve infrastructure in locality
                                reduce pollution on environment                    — Poverty alleviation
                                                                                   — Voluntary services
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022      55


Environment, Social and Governance Report

ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY AND PERFORMANCE
Environmental protection responsibility is a must to an enterprise, which shall ensure the sustainability of the environment and
resources through committed efforts during its management and operation process. In this connection, the Group aimed to
develop its environmental management system and improve environment-related policies, adopt long-effective environmental
management and supervisory means, adhere to the corporate environmental protection principles of placing environmental
friendliness as the first priority, taking precaution as the main measure, adopting comprehensive rectification and management
and implementing energy-saving and emission reduction in the production process in order to practically assume our corporate
social responsibility and achieve the best environmental performance.

The Group strictly abides by and pays close attention to the laws and regulations of the PRC government on energy conservation
and environmental protection, such as the Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Water Pollution
Prevention and Control Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Atmospheric Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the Law
of the People’s Republic of China, the Solid Waste Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Soil
Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Emission Standard of Air Pollutants for Pharmaceutical
Industry, and we also strictly comply with the relevant pollutant emission standards, such as the Emission Standard of Air
Pollutants for Pharmaceutical Industry, the Emission Standard of Air Pollutants for Boiler, the Standard for Pollutant on the Storage
and Disposal Site for General Industrial Solid Wastes. We concern about the impact of global climate change on the Group’s
business and the environment, explore green development methods in depth, improve organizational management and target
assessment, and insist on giving priority to environmental protection, prevention, comprehensive management, energy saving
and emission reduction in the production process as the corporate environmental protection policy, fulfill corporate social
responsibility, establish a green corporate image, and build a green and responsible brand.

During the year, the Group was not aware of any major incidents relating to environmental protection and was not punished by
competent environmental protection department. The Group continued to strengthen the control of the source of pollutants,
optimised the process of end treatment and reduced pollutant emissions of the enterprise. The Group increased its investment to
constantly improve, renovate and upgrade the enterprise protection equipment pursuant to new standards and requirements on
safety and environmental protection to ensure wastewater, waste gas and waste discharge are up to standard.
56    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Environment, Social and Governance Report

A1 EMISSION
1.1 Environmental Policies and Performance
     (System operation)

     Based on the environmental management system, occupational health and safety management system, and national safety
     production standardization, the Group promulgated the EHS management system framework standard of Grand
     Pharmaceutical, established the environmental protection, occupational health, and safety production management
     framework system, and systematized and standardized the EHS work of subsidiaries. Surrounding the overall management
     of EHS, we have established the following short-term, medium-term and long-term goals.

      Time                Short term: 2023                  Medium term: 2024~2025             Long-term: 2026~2030
      Visions             Legal compliance, one step ahead, disease prevention persistence, procedural control, terminal
                          management technology upgrade, pollution prevention,
      Target progress     In progress                       under planning                     under planning
      Targets             Improve the EHS management        Standardize the operation of       Standardize the operation of
                          system, promote the               the enterprise EHS system          the EHS management system
                          establishment of EHS              according to business              of the enterprise/sector, and
                          management functions in           development, and promote the       expand the EHS management
                          mature business sectors such      construction of EHS                functions;
                          as the biological sector, and     management functions in each
                          strengthen internal EHS           sector;                            Gradually forms a standardized
                          control;                                                             system of EHS management of
                                                            Become familiar with the laws      overseas business;
                          Understand the laws and           and regulations of overseas
                          regulations of the regions        business locations, and            Complete the construction of
                          where overseas business is        gradually carry out EHS            green factories of no less than
                          located, and start the            management;                        8 enterprises;
                          construction of the EHS law
                          library for overseas business;    Improve the intrinsic safety       Actively guide and assist
                                                            level of the enterprise, and       enterprises to carry out energy
                          Continuously carry out group      realize the whole process          saving and emission reduction,
                          enterprise hierarchical control   automation of new projects;        clean production, carbon
                          and EHS inspection, and urge                                         reduction, etc;
                          subsidiaries to carry out self-   Start the construction of the
                          examination and rectification     group’s EHS management and         Continue to promote the
                          follow-up;                        control platform, and realize      detection and evaluation of
                                                            the visual real-time inspection    occupational disease hazards
                          Improve the EHS risk              of key management areas of         to improve the working
                          identification of subsidiaries,   the enterprise;                    environment for employees;
                          and carry out management
                          improvement according to the      Carry out the construction and
                          enterprise risk level;            certification of 3~4 green
                                                            factories;

                                                            Through data research and
                                                            analysis according to the actual
                                                            situation of the enterprise, set
                                                            ESG environmental protection
                                                            and emission reduction goals
                                                            and the way to achieve the
                                                            goals;
                                                                                                Annual Report 2022        57


Environment, Social and Governance Report


                  Completes the three-year
                  safety action plan acceptance,
                  involves nitrification and other
                  dangerous processes of the
                  production line to achieve full
                  automation; implements safety
                  improvement of newly
                  acquired enterprises;
                  completes the construction of
                  safety and environmental
                  information platform in the
                  enterprise park;

                  Company construction
                  projects: one step ahead,
                  high-standard supporting
                  construction of safety and
                  environmental protection
                  facilities;

                  Promote the construction of
                  green factories in 2 enterprises;

                  Improve the construction of
                  ESG database;
   Quantifiable   No occurrence of serious fires,     Achieve zero liability accidents,   Achieve zero liability accidents,
   objectives     explosions, occupational            zero environmental pollution        zero environmental pollution
                  poisoning accidents, and a          incidents and zero new              incidents, and zero
                  minor injury rate less than the     occupational diseases in the        occupational diseases in all
                  probability of 1/1,000              EHS management benchmark            companies;
                                                      companies in each segment;
                  Carry out no less than 10 EHS                                           Reduce the total emissions of
                  inspections per year                Reduce the total emissions of       major pollutants of the
                                                      major pollutants of the             companies by 15%
                                                      companies by 10%
58    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Environment, Social and Governance Report

     (System certification status)

     The group company encourages subsidiaries to establish management systems such as occupational health and safety
     management systems, environmental management systems, and national safety production standardization, and to pass
     certification. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the certification status of the subsidiaries of the Group is as follows.

                                                                                                                    Number of
     Certification name                                                                                            subsidiaries


     Green factory certification                                                                                               2
     Occupational Health and Safety Management System (OHSAS18001/ISO45001) Certification                                      9
     Environmental management system certification (ISO14001) certification                                                    8
     Energy management system (ISO500001) certification                                                                        1
     National Safety Production Standardization                                                                               14


     (Law enforcement)

     In order to effectively control the discharge of various environmental pollutants generated by the group’s subsidiaries
     during the production and operation process, reduce their impact on the environment, and standardize the Company’s
     environmental protection management, the Group strictly implements the relevant laws and regulations of the countries
     and regions where each businesses are located and the relevant pollutant discharge standards, such as the Law of the
     People’s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Water Pollution, the Law of the People’s Republic of China on the
     Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution, and the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and Control
     of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste, Air Pollutant Release Standards for Pharmaceutical Industry, Boiler Air Pollutant
     Emission Standards, General Industrial Solid Waste Storage and Disposal Site Pollutant Control Standards, etc.

     (System construction)

     The Group establishes effective environmental protection management systems and policies in accordance with the laws,
     regulations and rules of the countries, localities and related industries in which it operates, and taking into account the
     circumstances of each of the Group’s enterprises. At present, the Group’s current environmental protection system policies
     include Grand Pharmaceutical EHS (Safety, Environmental Protection, Occupational Health) Responsibility System, Grand
     Pharmaceutical Environmental Protection Management Regulations and Grand Pharmaceutical Environmental Protection
     Management Standardization Guidelines. The Group insists on giving priority to environmental protection, focuses on
     prevention, comprehensive treatment, energy saving and emission reduction as the corporate environmental protection
     work policy in the production process, earnestly fulfills corporate social responsibilities, establishes a green and
     environmentally friendly corporate image, and creates a green responsible brand. During the 2022 reporting period, the
     Group did not have any major environmental pollution accidents.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022      59


Environment, Social and Governance Report

  (Standardize the operation of three waste facilities in companies)

  In order to standardize the operation of the three waste facilities of our enterprises, the Group has established an inspection
  mechanism for the operation of environmental protection facilities, and conducts inspections of the operation of
  environmental protection facilities for each subsidiary from time to time. 24 inspections on the operation of environmental
  protection facilities have been carried out throughout the year, and all enterprises have carried out rectification as required,
  and the completion rate of pollutant discharge data for the three wastes treatment facilities of enterprises is 100%.

  (Hazardous Waste Disposal Compliance Remediation)

  In 2022, the Group carried out solid waste disposal compliance rectification work, and a total of 10 problems were checked.
  In response to the problems found in the inventory, the enterprises were urged to make improvements, and the solid
  wastes of all enterprises were disposed of in strict accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations.

  (Environmental Investment)

  The Group actively builds and improves various environmental protection facilities and “three wastes” treatment facilities. In
  2022, the subsidiaries of the group invested more than RMB30 million to implement and complete more than 10
  environmental protection projects, which were used to upgrade and transform the enterprise’s environmental protection
  facilities and “three wastes” treatment facilities.

  (Source emission reduction, resource utilization)

  The Group actively adopts methods such as equipment renewal, process optimization, and promotion of corporate
  environmental protection facilities for collaborative disposal and comprehensive utilization of resources to promote the
  circular utilization of resources within and between enterprises. During the Year, five key environmental protection emission
  reduction and technology improvement projects were implemented, reducing the total amount of waste gas pollutants at
  source by approximately 503 tons, the total amount of waste water pollutants by approximately 3 tons, the generation of
  solid waste at source by approximately 110 tons, and realizing the resource utilization of solid pollutants by more than 3,000
  tons. The main measures of emissions are as follows:

  (1)   Beilin Jing River subsidiary upgraded the production equipment in the plant, reducing the total amount of VOC
        emissions by about 1 ton per year;

  (2)   Huachen BioTech has been able to reduce VOC emissions by about 500 tons per year through the upgrade of the
        exhaust equipment and reuse it in the recycling workshop.

  (3)   Fuchi Biotech and Grand EBE collected and treated fugitive emissions in the workshop, and the total annual VOC
        emission is expected to be reduced by about 1.5 tons;

  (4)   Fuchi Chemical implemented the dry slag discharge project, reducing the amount of wastewater produced by about
        55,000 tons per year, equivalent to 2.8 tons of total chemical oxygen demand;

  (5)   Each member enterprise reduced the water content of solid waste by replacing the plate and frame filter press and
        flat centrifuge, reducing the generation of solid waste by about 95 tons;
60    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Environment, Social and Governance Report

     (6)   Fuchi Biotech uses ammonium chloride, ammonium magnesium phosphate and other by-products containing
           nitrogen and phosphorus in the production process as fertilizers for comprehensive utilization, and the annual
           utilization of solid waste is about 2,500 tons;

     (7)   The desulfurized gypsum in the production process of Grand Life Technology is used as building materials for
           comprehensive utilization, and the annual utilization of solid waste is about 300 tons;

     (Environmental protection patent)

     The Group actively deploys environmental protection patents in terms of pollutant source pretreatment and process
     optimization and improvement. In 2022, 8 environmental protection patents were authorized, including 3 invention patents,
     which has consolidated the production barriers of the enterprise.

     (New renovation and expansion project)

     For each new renovation and expansion project, in accordance with the principle of “standardized procedures, one step
     faster”, various safety and environmental protection facilities are constructed with high standards. Among them, Xiantao
     Park is the Group’s new production base in Xiantao City. Each construction project has obtained safety and environmental
     protection procedures as required, and the environmental protection facilities are designed to be 20% stricter than the
     national emission standard. Currently, each project is carrying out relevant work according to the schedule. The
     commissioning of the wastewater treatment facilities supporting the project of Xiantao branch of Kernel reached the
     standard in the first trial; Wuyao Xiantao minority-variety drug base has adopted flexible modular wastewater treatment
     facilities; various facilities of Hoyo Xiantao base construction project are under construction simultaneously with the main
     production facilities; Wuyao has achieved full safety automation.

     (New business environmental protection management)

     The Group’s emerging businesses are progressing smoothly, the Company’s nuclear drug sales project has obtained a
     radiation safety license and established a radiation safety management department; the nuclear drug production project
     has completed the EHS site selection compliance assessment work; the medical device project has been put into operation
     and the EHS management system has been established.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022      61


Environment, Social and Governance Report

1.2 Wastewater discharge
    In addition to complying with laws and regulations relating to wastewater discharge, we strictly control the discharge of
    wastewater to reduce the environmental impacts therefrom. The Group strictly requires its members to carry out proper
    source control, separate collection and separate treatment over their wastewater. All members shall follow the principle of
    “Decontamination Triage & Treatment by Properties” in treating wastewater, and only those that meet the standards shall be
    discharged. All of the Group’s members who generate wastewater pollutant have established the required pre-treatment
    facilities and integrated treatment facilities for wastewater, of which a total of 41 wastewater treatment facility sets and 14
    online monitoring facility sets were built. The construction details of our members’ wastewater treatment facilities are as
    follows:

                                                                      Integrated     Total Wastewater
                                          Pre-treatment               Treatment             Treatment
    Company Name                            Facility(ies)            Facility(ies)         Facility(ies)    Online Monitoring


    Wuhan Wuyao                                          5                       4                      9                      Y
    Fuchi Chemicals                                      1                       2                      3                      Y
    Fuchi Biotech                                        1                       2                      3                      Y
    Grand Life Technology                                /                       1                      1                      Y
    Grand Hoyo                                           5                       2                      7                      Y
    Wuhan Kernel                                         1                       2                      3                      Y
    Jiangsu Grand                                        4                       1                      5                      Y
    Bafeng Pharmaceuticals                               /                       1                      1                      Y
    Huachen BioTech                                      1                       1                      2                      Y
    Preparation Plant                                    /                       1                      1                      N
    Grand EBE                                            /                       1                      1                      Y
    Hubei Wellness                                       /                       1                      1                      N
    Beijing Jiu He                                       /                       1                      1                      N
    Beijing Huajin                                       /                       1                      1                      Y
    Xi’an Beilin                                         /                       2                      2                      N
62    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Environment, Social and Governance Report

     All members have conducted testing, either through online wastewater monitoring facilities or, as required, engaging
     qualified third-party institutions, on the discharge of wastewater pollutant, whereby they tested and recorded the changes
     in water quality and quantity at any given moment. All members had a 100% achievement rate in respect of wastewater
     pollutant discharge. The total quantity and density of major wastewater pollutant discharged are as follows:

     Wastewater                                                 2022          2021             2020          2019             2018


     Total Wastewater (10 thousand tons)                  164.554        128.750             114.660      122.370           218.760
     Density of Total Wastewater (tons per
       million revenue)                                    172.09         149.74              180.48       185.66            367.17
     Chemical Oxygen Demand (tons)                        118.966        127.824             119.671      131.385           152.341
     Density of Chemical Oxygen Demand (kg per
       million revenue)                                    12.441         14.867              18.837       19.934            25.569
     Ammonia Nitrogen (tons)                                5.434          5.923               4.824        5.326             6.123
     Density of Ammonia Nitrogen (kg per
       million revenue)                                     0.568          0.689               0.759        0.808             1.028


              Discharge Intensity of Wastewater                            Emission Intensity of Chemical Oxygen Demand
               (Unit: tons per million revenue)                                     (Unit: kg per million revenue)

                                                                         30
       400

       300                                                               20

       200
                                                                         10
       100

                                                                          0
          0
               2018    2019    2020     2021      2022                          2018        2019   2020    2021      2022




                                         Emission Intensity of Ammonia Nitrogen
                                              (Unit: kg per million revenue)

                                        1.2

                                        0.9

                                        0.6

                                        0.3

                                        0.0
                                               2018      2019     2020   2021        2022
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022      63


Environment, Social and Governance Report

1.3 Waste gas emissions
    All 15 pollutant-generating members of the Group have selected, according to the nature of their pollutant, the most
    suitable and best feasible technologies to effectively treat different exhaust gases, including activated carbon adsorption
    and desorption, photocatalytic oxidation (UV), regenerative combustion (RTO) and other mature treatment technologies, so
    as to effectively treat various exhaust gases. A total of 85 waste gas treatment facility sets and 7 online monitoring facility
    sets were built by our members. The construction details of our members’ waste gas treatment facilities are as follows:

                                                                                Total Waste Gas
                                                                                       Treatment              Weather Online
    Company Name                                                              Facility(ies) (set(s))   Monitoring is Equipped


    Wuhan Wuyao                                                                                  11                            Y
    Fuchi Chemicals                                                                               7                            Y
    Fuchi Biotech                                                                                 3                            Y
    Grand Life Technology                                                                         5                            Y
    Grand Hoyo                                                                                   25                            N
    Wuhan Kernel                                                                                 10                            Y
    Jiangsu Grand                                                                                 2                            Y
    Bafeng Pharmaceuticals                                                                        2                            N
    Huachen BioTech                                                                               7                            Y
    Preparation Plant                                                                             3                            N
    Grand EBE                                                                                     1                            N
    Hubei Wellness                                                                                1                            N
    Beijing Jiu He                                                                                2                            N
    Beijing Huajin                                                                                4                            N
    Xi’an Beilin                                                                                  2                            N
64    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Environment, Social and Governance Report

     The Group imposes rigid standards over the operation and management of its waste gas treatment facilities, and urges its
     members to step up the inspection and maintenance of their exhaust gas treatment facilities, with dedicated personnel
     assigned to operate and maintain each waste gas treatment facility. All members shall establish and operate exhaust gas
     treatment facilities in strict accordance with the operating procedures. Among the Group’s members, there are 7 companies
     equipped with online exhaust gas monitoring facilities, and the others have engaged qualified third-party institutions to
     conduct testing on the emissions of exhaust gas pollutant as required. All members had a 100% achievement rate in respect
     of waste gas pollutant discharge. The total quantity and density of major waste gas pollutant emissions are as follows:

     Waste Gas                                                    2022     2021             2020             2019             2018


     Volatile Organic Compounds (tons)                           19.113   19.369           20.028           20.225           20.947
     Density of Volatile Organic Compounds
       (kg per million revenue)                                   1.999    2.253           3.153             3.069            3.516
     Nitrogen Oxides (tons)                                      39.128   30.389         129.359           131.412          130.254
     Density of Nitrogen Oxides (kg per
       million revenue)                                           4.092    3.534           20.362           19.938           21.862
     Sulphur Dioxide (tons)                                      28.972   25.438           32.056           33.426           32.788
     Density of Sulphur Dioxide (kg per
       million revenue)                                           3.030    2.959            5.046            5.071            5.503
     Particulate Matter (tons)                                   13.529    7.437           10.577           10.112           11.354
     Density of Particulate Matter (kg per
       million revenue)                                           1.415    0.865            1.665            1.534            1.906


             Emission Intensity of Volatile Organic Compounds                    Emission Intensity of Nitrogen Oxides
                      (Unit: tons per million revenue)                             (Unit: tons per million revenue)
             4                                                            30

             3
                                                                          20
             2
                                                                          10
             1

             0                                                             0
                 2018      2019      2020       2021      2022                  2018     2019    2020      2021      2022



                 Emission Intensity of Sulphur Dioxide                          Emission Intensity of Particulate Matter
                   (Unit: tons per million revenue)                                 (Unit: tons per million revenue)
             6                                                            2.0

                                                                          1.5
             4
                                                                          1.0
             2
                                                                          0.5

             0                                                            0.0
                  2018      2019      2020      2021      2022                   2018    2019       2020    2021     2022
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022      65


Environment, Social and Governance Report

1.4 Solid waste
    The Group strictly complies with the Solid Waste Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People’s Republic of China
    and other waste-related laws and regulations of the countries and regions where each member operates. All members have
    entrusted the treatment of hazardous waste to professional institutions qualified in the collection and disposal of hazardous
    waste. General waste with recycling value was entrusted to competent entities for recycling, while general waste without
    recycling value was all collected and disposed of by local municipalities, environmental health departments and other
    entities capable of solid waste disposal.

    2022 saw an increase in the disposal capacity of our third-party partners in hazardous waste disposal, who have been
    cooperating with the Group’s members and disposed their hazardous waste temporarily stored when the disposal pipeline
    was not available. At the same time, the Group launched a compliance overhaul in respect of solid waste disposal, and
    urged its members to strengthen their control on hazardous waste, strictly complying with the regulatory requirements on
    the temporary storage of solid waste, keeping and reporting of records and disposal of hazardous waste. The quantity of
    solid waste disposed by the Group increased in 2022.

                                                             Density of General                                     Density of
                                                 General           Solid Waste                              Hazardous Waste
                                             Solid Waste      (tons per million      Hazardous Waste         (tons per million
                                                   (tons)             revenue)                 (tons)                revenue)


    2022                                             4,502                  0.471                  6,292                   0.658


A2 USE OF RESOURCES
    (1) At the Group level, the existing energy management requirements were refined and optimised in terms of operation and
    maintenance of energy equipment and facilities, energy measurement and analysis, introduction and promotion of
    technological reform on energy-saving and energy-saving equipment, and introduction of new energy sources, so as to
    provide a clear direction for the Group’s subsidiaries to improve their energy management; (2) in order to enhance our
    members’ initiative to carry out technological reforms on energy-saving, it counts as a bonus point in the assessment over
    the department managers of our members;(3) we have obtained certain national and industry documents on energy, such
    as the National Recommended Catalogue of Energy-saving Technology and Equipment in the Industrial and Information
    Technology Sector, the Catalogue of Industrial Structure Adjustment, the Notice on the Publication of Carbon Peak
    Implementation Plan in the Industrial Sector (GXBLJ[2022] No. 88) and the Recommended Catalogue of Green Technology,
    and organised study on them to help our members learn the new developments in national policies and the industry,
    thereby avoiding to take a wrong path; (4) the Group organises regular meeting to facilitate communication among our
    members in respect of energy management, whereas problems will be exposed, and solutions discussed, in a view to share
    information and facilitate common progress among our members; (5) in terms of budget management, the Group is
    inclined to invest in energy-saving technologies with certain maturity in its budget; (6) the Group specifies the key projects
    of technological reform on energy-saving for each member at the end of the previous year, and track the progress and assist
    in implementation if necessary; (7) we continue to bring in external resources to conduct research and exchange on energy-
    saving technologies and energy management, identify energy-saving projects and improve energy standards, for examples,
    we have invited Spirax Sarco to conduct research and exchange on the in-depth utilisation of multi-effect condensate, and
    Hubei Institute of Measurement and Testing Technology to conduct exchanges and study on energy audits; and (8) we
    remain open in the models of energy cooperation, and encourage to cooperate with qualified suppliers, by way of
    contractual energy management, in areas such as technological reform on energy-saving and new energy (photovoltaic,
    energy storage, etc.) to create a win-win situation.
66    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Environment, Social and Governance Report

     In 2022, the overall use of resources by the Group’s 23 major members is as follows:

                                                                                                      Unit                   Total


     Coal Consumption                                                                        tons per year               55560.19
     Natural Gas Consumption                                                     ten thousand m3 per year                 1185.08
     Water                                                                         ten thousand t per year                 352.46
     Electricity                                                               ten thousand kWh per year                 22254.12
     Purchased Steam                                                                            t per year              156941.99
     Ethanol                                                                                 tons per year                  1854
     Plastic for Packaging                                                                   tons per year                 455.85


     The major energy consumers mainly comprise the companies of active pharmaceutical ingredients under the Group, and
     the comprehensive energy consumption for a unit of product is less than or equals to 10tce/t. Firstly, we have further
     improved our measuring instruments and strengthened the statistics and analysis of energy source data, so as to guide
     energy use, evaluation and conservation based on more accurate energy consumption data. Secondly, we have
     strengthened the inspection of energy equipment and facilities in the parks of our active pharmaceutical ingredients
     companies, especially those of Fuchi, in order to reduce leakage and damage to insulation, improve the integrity of the
     energy system equipment and facilities, actively bring in new technologies and equipment (such as upgrading roots
     blowers to magnetic levitation blowers), enhance energy usage efficiency, strengthen the management of steam used in
     the Fuchi park, make full use of the capacity of the existing coal-fired boilers and residual heat boilers, reduce the number of
     peak shaving of natural gas boilers, reduce gas consumption and hence production costs. Lastly, for our members engaged
     in pharmaceutical preparation, we require those with gas-fired boilers to, by adopting residual heat utilisation and other
     means, reduce natural gas consumption per unit to the industry standard of around 80m 3/t, and those with necessary
     capabilities are required to conduct research on rooftop photovoltaic systems.

     Information on the carbon dioxide emissions of the Group’s 23 major members is summarised below:

                                                           Item                             Unit                         Quantity


                                                     Direct Emissions          Tons of CO2 equivalent per                   68,362
                                                                                        annum
     Greenhouse Gas Emissions
                                                    Indirect Emissions         Tons of CO2 equivalent per                  133,677
                                                                                        annum
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022      67


Environment, Social and Governance Report

A3 ENVIRONMENT AND NATURAL RESOURCES
   The direct energy used by the Group in the production and operation process is mainly natural gas and fuel coal, while
   indirect energy includes purchased electricity and steam.

   The Group has formulated internal management procedures in accordance with the policies, regulations and standards of
   the state, local and industry authorities related to energy conservation, such as the Energy Conservation Law of the People’s
   Republic of China and the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Promoting Clean Production to improve the utilization
   rate of energy and resources and reduce the possible waste of energy and resources that may be generated. The Group’s
   member companies reduced energy consumption by means of management improvement and equipment and facilities
   upgrade. Key measures implemented in 2022 include:

   (1)   Grand Life Science has carried out water-saving and emission reduction work on a comprehensive scale, reducing the
         pollution per ton of product by 1.7%. It has replaced Roots blowers with low energy consumption and efficient
         magnetic levitation blowers, saving approximately 13,000 kW•h of electricity per year.

   (2)   Kernel Company has adjusted the operating mode of its power-consuming equipment by optimising its sewage
         treatment facilities, saving approximately 670,000 kW•h of electricity per year. Through the optimisation of workshop
         production processes and the reuse of reclaimed water, it has saved 65,000 tons of water per year. By increasing
         pipeline insulation and other measures, it has reduced natural gas consumption by 15,000 m3 per year.

   (3)   Fuchi Chemicals’ sulfate workshop has reduced water consumption by 25.12% as compared with the corresponding
         period by optimizing operating parameters, while its fine chemical workshop has reduced water consumption by
         35.59% as compared with the corresponding period by measures such as steam condensate reuse.

   The production processes and related business activities of the Group have not caused significant impacts on the
   environment and natural resources.
68    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Environment, Social and Governance Report

A4 CLIMATE CHANGE
     Climate change has been a common critical challenge in recent years across the globe. The Chinese government firmly
     committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions in 2020 and has set a clear timetable to achieve carbon neutrality, namely
     “peaking CO 2 emissions before 2030 and striving to achieve carbon neutrality before 2060”. The Group has long been
     concerned with the trend of climate change and the impact of domestic and international regulations on the
     pharmaceutical industry.

4.1 Impact of climate change
                                                                    Impact     Opportunity          Opportunity                               Impact
      Risk categories      Risk description    Potential impact                                                          Potential impact
                                                                  evaluation     types              description                             evaluation

                                                                                                                         Operating cost ↓
                              Rise of raw
                                               Operating cost↑ Medium-term                          Green factory          Revenue↑       Medium-term
                             material cost
                                                                                                                          Asset value↑
                                                                                   Resource
                            Investment and                                         efficiency
                           transformation of                                                                             Operating cost ↓
     Transformation risk                       Operating cost ↑   Short-term                    Cleantech applications                       Short-term
                               low-carbon                                                                                  Revenue ↑
                              technologies

                             Adjustments in                                                     Increased demand for
                           environmental laws Operating cost ↑    Short-term        Market      green and low-carbon       Revenue ↑        Medium-term
                             and regulations                                                          products

                           Increased extreme     Revenue↓                                         Clean energy and
                                                                  Short-term                                             Operating cost ↓    Short-term
                                weather        Operating cost ↑                                   renewable energy
        Physical risk                                                          Energy source
                                                                                                   Carbon trading
                              Sea level rise     Asset value↓     Long-term                                                Revenue ↑        Medium-term
                                                                                                    participation


4.2 Planned measures
     As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group’s member companies had formulated measures to address climate change.
     In the future, the Group’s member companies will try their best endeavor to eliminate the adverse effects of climate change,
     seize the opportunities brought by climate change, and ensure the stable operation of the company by the following
     means.

                                                                                        Develop and actively carry out the certification of
              In terms of coping with extreme weather, formulate
                                                                                        green products, reduce greenhouse gas emissions
              relevant emergency plans and equip corresponding
      1                                                                        4        throughout the life cycle of products, thereby
              emergency supplies to reduce the impact of extreme
                                                                                        reducing the cost of product export and enhancing
              weather on companies;
                                                                                        product competitiveness;

              Develop a green supply chain, strengthen the                              Use low-energy-consumption and high-efficiency
              research of upstream suppliers, actively develop                          equipment instead of high-energy-consumption and
      2       green suppliers, and reduce the impact of relevant               5        low-efficiency equipment, and encourage the use of
              policies on the stability and price of raw material                       variable frequency equipment, environmental,
              procurement of companies;                                                 energy-saving equipment and energy-saving lamps;

              Actively conduct certification of green factory,
                                                                                        Promote the use of clean energy such as solar panels
              reduce production energy consumption and
      3                                                                        6        and photovoltaic power plants in qualified member
              greenhouse gas emissions, reduce operating costs,
                                                                                        companies;
              and enhance asset value;
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022      69


Environment, Social and Governance Report

B1 EMPLOYMENT
   The Group actively creates a fair and harmonious employment environment, with no gender discrimination in terms of
   recruitment and employee promotion. The Group encourages employees to complete their work during working hours in
   an efficient manner and has completed the work hour registration procedures for employees working irregular hours with
   the human resources department. It pays efforts in implementing welfare policies such as annual leave and “three periods”
   protection for female employees. The Group encourages employees to participate in job rotation across different regions,
   professions, and cultures with subsidy policy in place to show support. It organizes the “Happiness Lies in Your Hands”
   activity to a broad extent and encourages employees to bring forward rational suggestions, innovate/technological projects
   with dedicated project rewards provided, creating a connection between the project activities participation and the career
   development of employees. The Group revises and improves the on-the-job training system and provides special subsidies
   to employees who obtain professional qualifications or practice certificates (occupational certificates).

   The Group has complied with national laws and regulations such as the Labor Law of the People’s Republic of China, Labor
   Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China, Social Insurance Law of the People’s Republic of China and Production
   Safety Law of the People’s Republic of China, and committed to proper implementation pursuant to regulatory
   requirements.

                                              Employment of the Group’s Staff

   Indicators                                                                                   Unit                   2022


   Total number of employees                                                                  Person                 10,172
   Percentage of female employees                                                                  %                   45%
   Percentage of minority employees                                                                %                   2.2%
   Percentage of female Board members                                                              %                   20%
   Number of company executives                                                               Person                     10
   Percentage of female executives                                                                 %                   30%
   Number of managers (including senior and middle management)                                Person                    443
   Number of female managers (including senior and middle management)                         Person                    145
   Percentage of female managers (including senior and middle management)                          %                   33%
   Number of senior management personnel (including executives)                               Person                    205
   Number of middle management personnel                                                      Person                    464
   Number of entry-level personnel                                                            Person                  9,503
   Annual employee turnover rate                                                                   %                   15%
   Number of overseas personnel                                                               Person                    333


                                                Number of employees by age

   Age group                                                                          Staff number             Percentage


   Age under 30                                                                                2,406                    24%
   Age between 31 and 35                                                                       2,557                    25%
   Age between 36 and 40                                                                       1,970                    19%
   Age between 41 and 45                                                                       1,327                    13%
   Age between 46 and 50                                                                       1,051                    10%
   Age over 51                                                                                   861                     8%
   Total                                                                                      10,172                   100%
70    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Environment, Social and Governance Report

                                           Number of employees by company

     Company name                                                           Staff number


     Xi’an Beilin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                         1,483
     Beijing Grand Jiuhe Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                  1,283
     OTC Marketing Centre                                                            771
     Wuhan Wuyao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Fuchi Branch                              688
     Hubei Grand Life Science & Technology Co., Ltd.                                 597
     Wuhan Grand Hoyo Co., Ltd.                                                      461
     Grand Pharm (China) Company Limited, Preparation Branch                         424
     Hubei Grand Fuchi Pharmaceutical & Chemicals Co., Ltd.                          313
     Wuhan Kernel Bio-tech Co., Ltd.                                                 304
     Hubei Grand EBE Pharmaceutical Company Limited                                  303
     Headquarters of Grand Pharm (China) Company Limited                             291
     Hubei Grand Biotechnology Co., Ltd.                                             280
     Prescription Drugs Marketing Centre                                             266
     Grand Pharmaceutical Huangshi Feiyun Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                   233
     Cangzhou Huachen BioTech Co., Ltd.                                              232
     Jiangsu Grand Xianle Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.*（江蘇遠大仙樂藥業有限公司）                    195
     Wuhan Wuyao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                            191
     Cardionovum Medical Device (Wuhan) Co. Ltd.*（凱德諾醫療器械（武漢）有限公司）                   186
     Wuhan Wuyao Technology Co., Ltd.                                                144
     Wuhan Shetai Medical Technology Co., Ltd.*（武漢社泰醫療科技有限公司）                        138
     Grand Pharmaceutical Fuchi Industrial Park                                      128
     Zhejiang Jianju Xianle Pharmaceutical Company Limited                           116
     Hubei Wellness Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                         113
     Wuhan Grandpharma Group Sales Co., Ltd.                                         105
     Beijing Huajin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                          90
     Wuhan Kernel Bio-tech Co., Ltd., Xiantao Branch                                  84
     Nanjing AuroRNA Biotech Co., Ltd.                                                61
     Kainowei Medical Technology (Wuhan) Co., Ltd.*（凱諾威醫療科技（武漢）有限公司）                  60
     Hubei Fubo Chemical Co., Ltd.*（湖北富博化工有限責任公司）                                     59
     Hubei Fuchi Chemical Equipment Co., Ltd.*（湖北富馳化工設備有限公司）                          35
     Tianjin Jingming New Technology Development Co., Ltd.                            34
     Huangshi Fuchi Water Affairs Company Limited                                     25
     Beijing Puer Weiye Biotechnology Co., Ltd                                        14
     Zhejiang Grand Biotechnology Co., Ltd.*（浙江遠大生物科技有限公司）                            11
     Jiangsu Shenming Medical Technology Co., Ltd.                                     7
     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited                                                5
     Hubei Grand Fuyuan Life Technology Co., Ltd.*（湖北遠大富源生命科技有限公司）                     5
     Zhu Hai Cardionovum Medical Device Co. Ltd.                                       1
     Wuhan Grand Pharmaceutical Group Sales Limited*                                 423
     Australian Research Institute and Belgian Research Institute                     13


     Total                                                                        10,172
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022      71


Environment, Social and Governance Report

B2 HEALTH AND SAFETY
    The Group actively implements a safety production approach of “safety first, prevention-oriented, and comprehensive
    management”. As the Company rapidly develops, it strictly adheres to the bottom line of legal and compliant operations,
    and sticks to a safety development concept that is people-oriented and prioritises people’s lives, giving the highest of
    priority to the protection of workers’ lives and health. The Group has established a prevention system for accidents and
    potential hazards to prevent and resolve major safety risks from the source and eliminate accidents in the bud. To this end,
    the Group employs a range of measures, combining engineering technology, administrative management, labor protection,
    responsibility assessment and other means, starting from system construction, responsibility implementation, safety input,
    education and training, dual prevention system, etc. to establish a long-term mechanism for safe production, and strive to
    achieve other production and operation objectives under the premise of ensuring safety.

4.1 Construction of Safety Management System and Implementation of Responsibilities
    The Group has established a Group Safety Management Committee, which is the highest decision-making body for EHS
    matters and is composed of the Group’s President, senior management, persons in charge of each business segment and
    persons in charge of each functional centre. The EHS Management Committee is responsible for formulating the Group’s
    occupational health and safety management objectives and targets, guiding and coordinating the safety work of member
    companies, strengthening the implementation of safety regulations and procedures, and ensuring the achievement of
    occupational health and safety management objectives and targets. The Group regularly analyses the situation of EHS
    management, implements relevant national policies, laws, regulations and standards, and organises its member companies
    to implement the policies of the occupational health and safety management system.

    In 2022, the Group further improved and perfected its EHS management system, clarified the EHS responsibilities of various
    personnel at all levels in accordance with the principle of safety management being a must when managing business,
    revised the safety and environmental management guidelines, and formed a two-tier EHS filing model of “safety and
    environmental responsibility system/management system + safety and environmental protection management guidelines”,
    which provides guidance and institutional basis for the improvement of the systems of member enterprises and the Group’s
    daily supervision and inspection.

    In 2022, the Group established and improved its internal safety and environmental protection regulations database,
    collecting a total of 1,134 laws, administrative regulations, departmental rules and other relevant information, and classifying
    them into 28 categories, including general management, occupational health, construction projects “three meanwhiles” and
    operation management, and providing them to the entire Group and its member enterprises to assist in and support for the
    further development of compliance awareness.

4.2 Safety and Environmental Protection Awareness/Competency Training
    In 2022, the Group strengthened the compliance awareness and capacity building of all employees based on the principles
    of “strengthening legal compliance, being the first responsible person for safety, and guarding the red line and bottom line
    of the law”. Trainings with focus on regulations (environmental protection law, solid waste law and criminal law), group
    systems, professional skills (process safety management, environmental protection facilities operation management) and
    team safety construction were carried out for major persons in charge of enterprises, persons in charge of functional
    departments, team leaders and other personnel. A total of eight online safety and environmental protection training
    sessions (19 lectures) were held, with a total of 2,005 participants. A total of 1,760 participants took the examination using
    the Grand E Platform, with a 99.8% pass rate. The launch of the training series further strengthened the awareness of safety
    and environmental protection compliance among employees at all levels, enhanced the professional ability of safety and
    environmental protection management staff, and ensured the legal and stable operation of enterprises.

    All member enterprises have also strengthened their safety and environmental protection training in their daily
    management. According to statistics, in 2022, a total of 675 training sessions were conducted, with 64,840 participants.
72     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Environment, Social and Governance Report

4.3 Intrinsic Safety Improvement
      In accordance with the national three-year action plan for special rectification of safety production, the safety automation
      upgrade of seven production lines was completed, including the chlorination and ammonia processes of Huachen Biotech,
      the automation of the storage tank area of Fuchi Biotech, and the nitrosation and sulphonation processes of Wuyao
      Pharmaceutical. Remediation of 84 major safety hazards at the site has effectively improved the conditions for safe
      production, and achieved “four zeroes” in terms of safety risk assessment, renovation of automation control equipment,
      non-compliance with academic qualifications of employees, and relocation and renovation of staff-intensive premises.

4.4 Fu Chi Industrial Park Compliance Accreditation
      The management committee of the park has strictly analyzed the gap between the construction plan of the park and its
      status quo and made positive rectification in accordance with the requirements of the Hubei Province Chemical Industry
      Park Accreditation Scoring Standard (Trial), according to which, the park has reached its accreditation standards.

4.5 Process Safety Management
      In 2022, the Group focused on the development of a process safety management system, inviting external experts and the
      Group’s internal process safety professionals to organise a series of training on process safety management knowledge and
      skills, and establishing process safety teams in each chemical enterprise to take full responsibility for the development of
      process safety management in each enterprise.

      The Group implemented a process safety management system in key enterprises on a pilot basis. By adhering to the
      principle of risk control at source, the Group commenced process hazard analysis at the design stage of process installations,
      completed the process hazard analysis of dimethyl sulfate continuous distillation device and tail gas treatment device of
      nitromethane production, identified high risks in 13 design schemes, and carried out process hazard analysis of
      nitromethane production process and dimethyl sulfate production device, identified 12 high risks, and all high risks were
      controlled by effective measures.

      In 2022, the Group established a process safety laboratory equipped with analytical instruments such as Differential
      Scanning Calorimetry (DSC), Adiabatic Accelerating Rate Calorimetry (ARC) and Reaction Calorimetry (RC1), and began to
      undertake full-scale reaction risk testing for the Group’s member enterprises to ensure that reaction safety risks are
      controlled from the R&D stage.

4.6 Enhancing Dual Control
(1)   Risk identification and control

      In 2022, the Group formulated an annual work plan for safety risk identification and graded control to guide and supervise
      enterprises to carry out risk identification and graded control. At present, 19 enterprises have initially completed this task,
      with 4,396 risks identified, including 449 higher risks; implemented graded control over enterprises, departments, workshops
      and work teams; established four-colour charts of enterprise risks, high or higher risks information columns, and post risk
      information cards, implemented visual management of risks and control, and carried out key control.

(2)   Enterprise Graded Safety Inspection

      In 2022, the Group launched a graded safety and environmental control evaluation process through the development of a
      comprehensive checklist. In terms of safety, 8 Level 1 elements, including compliance, responsibilities, daily management,
      production, operation, equipment, fire prevention and occupational health, and 33 Level 2 elements were identified. In
      terms of environmental protection, 4 Level 1 elements, including compliance, systematic management, pollution control
      and on-site management, and 11 Level 2 elements were identified to conduct a comprehensive assessment of the current
      status of safety and environmental protection. Enterprises with higher risks were subject to focused supervision and control,
      and were managed in a graded and categorised manner. Throughout the year, the Group organised and completed a total
      of 19 member enterprises’ graded control inspections and evaluations.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022      73


Environment, Social and Governance Report

4.7 Activities for All Employees
(1)   Safety Month

      In June and July 2022, in accordance with the requirements of the relevant circular of the Office of the State Council Safety
      Committee, and in line with the annual safety priorities of the Group and its enterprises, the Group organized a two-month
      safety month activity for all member enterprises.

      In the overall deployment of the “Production Safety Month” activity, the Group set up a two-tier group activity leadership
      team around the theme of “Complying with the Production Safety Law and Being the First Responsible Person”, and by
      focusing on the effectiveness of the activities, the Group formulated a detailed activity plan and mobilized employees
      extensively. Each member enterprise formulated its own activity plans and organised various activities in accordance with
      the requirements of such activity plans.

      Through extensive publicity and mobilisation, the member enterprises organised a series of activities with a total of 510
      inspections; 674 training sessions with more than 12,000 participants; 173 drills with more than 3,400 participants, and a
      series of other special activities, such as knowledge competitions, safety competitions and educational films.

      Through the two-month Safety Production Month activity, the awareness of the first responsible person of each enterprise
      to know and understand the law and abide by the law was further enhanced, and the awareness of the red line and bottom
      line of legal and compliance operation became more deeply rooted. The enterprises further increased the safety knowledge
      and skills of all staff and raised the awareness of “I want to be safe” through the launch of informative and diverse activities.

(2)   Fire Prevention Week

      In November 2022, the Group organised a two-week fire prevention activity for all enterprises under the theme of “Fire
      Safety for High Quality Development”. During the Fire Prevention Week, the Group invited external professional lecturers to
      organise fire prevention seminars for frontline personnel of each enterprise. Each member enterprise also organised a series
      of activities in accordance with their respective activity plans. There were more than 57 fire prevention training sessions with
      more than 2,400 participants; more than 27 fire prevention inspections; and more than 33 emergency drills with 975
      participants. In addition, certain enterprises launched special activities such as knowledge competitions, fire prevention
      competitions and fire prevention responsibility pledges. Through the launch of the Fire Prevention Week, the awareness of
      fire safety among staff was further enhanced and the “four abilities” of fire safety among staff were improved.

(3)   Team Standardization

      In 2022, with the theme of “Maintaining and Deepening Achievements”, the Group further promoted team safety
      standardization and continued to improve the coverage and quality of the teams based on the achievements made from
      2017 to 2021. The number of standardised safety teams built in each enterprise was further expanded and extended to the
      building of standardised environmental protection teams. 199 standardised teams were built with an achievement rate of
      91.7%. In terms of quality improvement, the range and scope of team education and training were further expanded to
      include process safety, risk identification and graded control, and management of special operations, in order to improve
      the quality of the teams from a more technical safety perspective. The promotion of team safety standardisation has
      effectively raised the safety awareness of the junior management and all staff.
74    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Environment, Social and Governance Report

4.8 Occupational Health
     In order to protect employees’ health, each enterprise of the Group has carried out occupational health management in an
     all-round way, organizing occupational health checkups for a total of 2,748 people, with a passing rate of 99.7%. Among
     them, 9 people had abnormal health problems and will be re-examined or seconded. 813 workplaces were monitored for
     occupational health hazards, with an achievement rate of 94.9%. All the hazards exceeding the standard were from noise,
     and the enterprises involved have taken safety protection measures to control such hazards.

     During 2022, there were no work-related fatalities in the Group’s enterprises and there were two work-related accidents with
     a total of 84 lost working days.

B3 DEVELOPMENT AND TRAINING
     In recent years, the Group has been promoting strategic transformation and accelerating innovation to expand product
     markets and grow business segments. Enterprises continued to pay attention to the enhancement of standardization and
     professionalism, and has increased its efforts in research and development training. The talent cultivation programme
     continues to develop with the echelon cultivation system and core senior management training, and is more inclined to the
     direction of “professional, rejuvenated and international” talent cultivation.

     1.    the Group issued the Notice on Grand Pharmaceutical’s 2022 “Required Knowledge and Skills”, proposing to
           strengthen the management of required knowledge and skills in segments, focusing on the required knowledge and
           skills for new business and new projects, gradually improving the system and other management demands for
           required knowledge and skills, and deepening the implementation of special work for required knowledge and skills.
           Focusing on the major needs of international management, the Group organised trainings on topics such as “Required
           knowledge and skills for overseas directors”, “Anti-discrimination in overseas recruitment” and “Communication
           regulations for overseas associates” to enhance the team’s international management capability. In addition, focusing
           on the key functions of compliance, we launched the “Key Positions Compliance Enhancement Project”, organised the
           “One Dose of Medicine to Save Two Lives” learning activity for the quality function, the “Knowing, Understanding and
           Abiding by the Law” learning activity for the legal function, and the Safety and Environmental Protection Centre
           launched the annual safety and legal training under the theme of “Know the Law and Abide by the Law, Be the First
           Responsible Person for Safety and Environmental Protection, and Be a Law-abiding Enterprise”, and carried out a
           comprehensive review and optimisation of the management requirements and processes, personnel recruitment,
           training, assessment, cadre management and other aspects, so as to meet the development needs of each enterprise
           in terms of quality assurance, efficiency enhancement, professional upgrading and internationalisation on the basis of
           compliance requirements.


     2.    Building of Talent Echelon

           2.1   The Group started the selection of trainees for the 2022 Grand Pharmaceutical Camp (GPC) in accordance with
                 strategic planning needs, conducted a special talent inventory, mapped out the quantity and quality of existing
                 talent, and used the Group’s cadre profile as a blueprint to clarify the GPC’s training objectives for future general
                 managers, division/group functional directors and major project leaders. A total of 86 trainees were selected to
                 receive targeted trainings in both practical and instructor-led courses. This year’s GPC trainings last for 2.5 years,
                 with intensive training planned for every two months/sections. Currently, the opening ceremony and 2
                 intensive training sessions were completed. The design and implementation of key training methods, such as
                 practical project follow-up and mentorship, are focused on the training objectives. The training content is
                 designed based on the current development status and staff requirements of the Group, so as to open up the
                 minds of managers and closely integrate with key projects and work.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022      75


Environment, Social and Governance Report

       2.2   The Group’s talent echelon cultivation project is a training camp for “professional, rejuvenated and international”
             young backbones, junior managers and middle managers. On the basis of the two years of experience in the
             operation of the echelon projects, the Group has continued to think deeply about how to pool resources
             together and do a better job of collaborative training, further clarify the focus of echelon project
             implementation, accelerate the training process, strengthen output management, reduce the investment of
             resources in non-key areas, promote the standardisation of echelon projects, and gradually build a group-based
             talent training brand project with the characteristics of the Group. In 2022, the Group’s business segments
             started their own project operations according to their respective plans, with a total of 360 trainees
             participating.

       2.3   The Group adheres to a talent development strategy that combines internal cultivation and external intellectual
             input, and attaches great importance to the cultivation of innovative talents for research and development and
             potential talents for international development. The company has successively issued policies related to the
             investigation and training of management trainees, with a full tracking and closed-loop management
             mechanism to pay attention to the growth process of the management trainees, accelerate the probationary
             period of the management trainees and growth experience, and verify and explore the professional ability and
             strengths of the management trainees through project work, especially the challenging “four new” projects, so
             as to quickly match the needs of business development. In addition to the follow-up and consideration of the
             continuous growth of the management trainees, the Company organized a variety of management training
             activities in 2022, such as seminars for management trainees. The promotion of the management trainee
             projects, the sharing of project experience and the instructor-led exchanges all contributed to the integration
             and exchange between the Group’s instructors and the management trainees and between local management
             trainees themselves.

       2.4   Based on the consideration of further deepening the implementation of R&D SOP, the Group’s R&D
             management centre intends to build a professional training management system around the R&D quality
             system and introduce the eCollege system as an informatized system for R&D SOP training and professional
             training, which will gradually cover the relevant personnel of the R&D management centre and the R&D
             functions of the Group’s subordinate enterprises. In 2022, the number of participants was 255, with a total of
             847.2 hours of learning, 170 online training courses were uploaded, and more than 2,000 training tasks were
             issued for mandatory courses, with a completion rate of 99.8% and a timely completion rate of 90.8%.

       2.5   In order to promote the organic growth of talents, strengthen their ability and experience, and assist in business
             development, the Group has launched a talent inventory and training for financial and human resources
             professionals, and rolled out the financial reserve training program (involving 141 trainees) and the “HRBP
             Strengthening Project” (54 trainees per session) respectively. Through course sharing, case discussions, and
             action plan follow-ups, etc., high potential financial/human resources talents were guided to actively
             understand the frontline business situation, gain insight and judgement on business needs and key issues, and
             accelerate the cultivation of high potential reserves.

  3.   Among those trained in major training programmes, the percentage of male and female trainees was 68% and 32%
       respectively, and the percentage of senior managers and middle managers was 13% and 33% respectively;


  4.   In 2022, especially in the second half of the year when the pandemic had a greater impact, training was more often
       conducted both online and offline, with the average training hours for male and female employees being 85 and 76
       respectively, and the average training hours for each senior and middle manager being 71 and 89 respectively.
76    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Environment, Social and Governance Report

B4 LABOUR STANDARDS
     The Group has clearly stipulated that it does not recruit employees under the age of 18 when recruiting and hiring; strictly
     implements labour protection measures for workplace operations; raises the safety awareness of employees through
     organising activities such as shift safety and safety month; increases maintenance of and investment in safety facilities; and
     continuously improves operating conditions and the working environment.

     The Company has been implementing the requirements of the Labour Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Labour
     Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China and the Safety Production Law of the People’s Republic of China.

B5 SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT
     The majority of the Group’s suppliers are located in the PRC and only less than 1% of them are from overseas. The Group has
     formulated a series of procurement management system and procurement control procedure, and has strictly selected
     suppliers and monitored the procurement process in accordance with the Drug Administration Law of the People’s Republic
     of China, Good Manufacturing Practice and the Patent Law of the People’s Republic of China. In selecting suppliers, a due
     diligence will be performed. The Group may visit the production plants if necessary and investigate the credit performance
     as well as the company’s nature and background, providing that there should be no risk of infringement of the intellectual
     property rights of others and violation of relevant laws and regulations in relation to their supplies. The samples provided
     are required to pass the testing and trial production before such suppliers could become the Group’s qualified suppliers.
     Procurement staffs have also conducted regular visits to suppliers to maintain close liaison and good cooperation relations
     with them. Meanwhile, the quality notices made by suppliers have been regularly monitored to ensure all of the raw
     materials used by the Group are in compliance with the standard requirements and ready for use.

     At present, the international situation and the global pandemic are still unstable. The Group has strengthened the
     information construction in the supply chain management, such as the supply chain information management system and
     the online shopping mall for procurement, etc. At the same time, it has also strengthened the management of the medium
     and long-term supply chain, such as the management of strategic suppliers, the nationalisation of imported materials and
     the acquisition/nurturing of the upstream supply chain, etc. to ensure the stability and continuous supply of the
     procurement supply chain system.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022      77


Environment, Social and Governance Report

B6 PRODUCT LIABILITY
   The production and sales of the Group’s pharmaceutical products comply with the provisions of the Drug Administration
   Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Patent Law of the People’s Republic of China, Regulations on the Implementation
   of the Drug Administration Law of the People’s Republic of China, Good Manufacturing Practices for Pharmaceutical
   Products, Good Agricultural Practice for Chinese Crude Drugs, Good Supply Practice for Pharmaceutical Products and Good
   Pharmacovigilance Practice and other relevant laws and regulations. The Group has a comprehensive quality control system
   for its production and operation, and its manufacturing and sales enterprises have all passed the GMP/GSP compliance
   inspection by the State Drug Administration, fully implementing the primary responsibility for quality and safety of
   pharmaceutical product marketing licensees. The Group has introduced the concept of risk management throughout the
   life cycle of pharmaceutical products and promoted a quality culture of maximising the benefits to patients to ensure
   product quality through enhancing the quality awareness of all staff, a professional and efficient training system, multi-level
   on-site dynamic control and continuous optimisation and improvement of product quality. We attach importance to
   investment in technological research and development and bring in various professional and high-end talents to
   continuously develop drugs with proven clinical efficacy. We attach importance to the protection of intellectual property
   rights, and set standards for the maintenance of patent assets, the monitoring and identification of patent risks, and the
   resolution and handling of patent disputes, so as to ensure that there are no infringement disputes over products. We
   established a comprehensive MAH pharmacovigilance system, proactively conducting post-marketing safety studies and
   strengthening social responsibility for drug safety practices. By using modern information tools and multi-channel
   approaches, we collect drug safety information, consultation and complaints, and conducted data analysis to continuously
   improve the quality of medicines to ensure that they are safe, effective, and are of consistent and stable quality, so that
   patients can use them safely.

   The Group has established a management system and procedure for drug safety information, consultation and complaints,
   assigned professional staff for complaint handling and follow-ups, utilised modern information means and multi-channel
   approaches to ensure that drug safety information and customer consultation and complaints can be promptly understood,
   identified and satisfied, provided satisfactory answers or reasonable solutions to customers’ queries within the shortest
   possible time, and continuously followed up with feedback. In 2022, we have a customer satisfaction rate of 100%. We
   regularly analysed and evaluated customer needs and the system and procedures they complained about, and continuously
   improved the handling mechanism to enhance the quality of products and services. In 2022, 277 complaints were received.

   We have established product quality standards, product inspection operation procedures, product release procedures, and
   clearly defined the quality control procedures during the whole process from material entry, product production, product
   release, as well as the product quality standards and daily monitoring requirements for each link to ensure that product
   quality meets the national statutory standards. Through QA inspections, regular self-inspections, quality system
   management and management assessment mechanisms throughout the production process, we ensure that products are
   produced consistently and in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. We established a drug recall
   procedure and a drug traceability system, and conducted regular drug recall drills to ensure that all products on sale can be
   recalled promptly in the event of quality problems with products already on the market.

   In 2022, there were no products sold or shipped that had to be recalled for safety and health reasons.

   We established a patent application and patent alert procedure, and currently, our patent alert analysis basically covers a
   wide range of products on the market and under development, further protecting our products on the market and under
   development from infringement of third party intellectual property rights. A patent management system has also been set
   up for patent applications to enable timely patent protection for innovations and technological improvements and to
   safeguard the Company’s patent assets.
78    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Environment, Social and Governance Report

B7 ANTI-CORRUPTION
     (1)   The Group has continuously strengthened its corporate internal control mechanism and institutional supervision, and
           has always operated with integrity and strictly complied with the rules of fair competition. The Group is determined to
           refuse commercial bribery, bribery and other improper business practices, and has formulated and published a
           compliance management system, which specifies the prohibition of commercial bribery and all integrity-related
           regulations and management mechanisms, and has put in place a management system and measures for the
           management of funds to prevent money laundering.

     (2)   We strictly abide by the laws and regulations such as the Law Against Unfair Competition of the People’s Republic of
           China, the Criminal Law of the People’s Republic of China and the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China.

     (3)   There were no corruption proceedings against the Group during the reporting period.

     (4)   The Group has established a professional and high-quality compliance management team to supervise and manage
           the commercial bribery, bribery and other improper business practices of the Company, especially in key areas and
           key projects of overseas operations to specify compliance management institutions or assign full-time personnel; put
           into practice an undertaking system aiming at preventing commercial bribery against key personnel in key areas
           prone to corruption and employees in key positions were required to sign the compliance undertaking with the
           Company; carried out regular or irregular inspections on the compliance management of each department of the
           Company to trace the root causes and identify defects; strengthened accountability for violations and improved the
           punishment mechanism for violations by linking with performance appraisals to effectively prevent risks. The
           Company conducts anti-corruption supervision and management in strict compliance with relevant national laws and
           regulations and the Company’s internal policies, establishes an internal anonymous compliance reporting channel to
           timely discover, prevent and deal with employees’ violations of disciplines and regulations, and timely reports to
           relevant departments for those suspected of committing crimes.

     (5)   The Group has always focused on the strategic work of building a culture of integrity, and we regularly organize anti-
           corruption trainings to enhance our employees’ understanding of job-related crimes and the study of relevant laws
           and regulations, and incorporate the study of internal compliance management system into the normalized and
           institutionalized training mechanism to enhance our employees’ compliance awareness and cultivate corporate
           compliance culture.

     In 2022, the Group provided four training sessions on anti-corruption topics, each lasting 2 to 3 hours, covering all
     employees of the Group’s head office and its subsidiaries; prepared monthly compliance reports and annual compliance
     management reports; and held an annual meeting on corporate compliance to discuss ideas and directions for corporate
     compliance.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022      79


Environment, Social and Governance Report

B8 COMMUNITY INVESTMENT
   1.   On 6 August 2022, the Group made a cash donation of RMB20,000 to the village of Daobazui in Wuxiang County,
        Shanxi Province to help build the village.

        The Group has never forgotten the villagers of Daobazui Village because this family-like friendship is invaluable to us.
        Although we are thousands of miles apart, our hearts are still connected. With love and responsibility, the Group
        hopes to make a new contribution in supporting the revitalisation and development of the village. In order to help
        build the village, Grand Pharmaceutical donated a total of RMB20,000 to the villagers of Daobazui Village.

   2.   On 23 August 2022, the Group donated RMB400,000 to the Fuchi Town Education Fund in Yangxin County, Hubei
        Province.

        On the evening of 23 August, an education fund charity gala was held in the People’s Square in Fuchi Town, Yangxin
        County, Huangshi, Hubei Province, a way to celebrate the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.
        The Group donated RMB400,000 to Fuchi Yucai Education Foundation, which was a warm gesture to give back to
        Fuchi people and a model demonstration of love education and gratitude education.

   3.   On 29 December 2022, Xi’an Beilin Pharmaceutical subscribed for 5,000 jin of celery in Gaoling District.

        Farmers in He Cun Community, Tongyuan Street, Gaoling District ushered in a bumper harvest of celery, but affected
        by the pandemic, the sale of celery was faced with difficulties and vegetable farmers were at a loss. On 29 December
        2022, led by Gaoling District Government, the management committee of the park joined hands with the enterprise
        in that area, contacted the vegetable farmers, and organized supporting activities to help them. The Group actively
        purchased 5,000 jin of celery on the spot, a modest contribution that could help the vegetable farmers get out of the
        plight, showing the responsibility a pharmaceutical enterprise should take.
80      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Report of the Directors

The Directors are pleased to present their report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the
year ended 31 December 2022.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is an investment holding company. Details of the principal activities of its principal subsidiaries and associates are
set out in notes 22 and 20 to the consolidated financial statements respectively.

BUSINESS REVIEW
The business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 is set out in the section “Management Discussion and
Analysis” on pages 17 to 46 of this annual report.

Description of principal risks and uncertainties that may be faced by the Group can be found in the section “Management
Discussion and Analysis — Principal Risks and Uncertainties” on pages 44 to 46 of this annual report.

An analysis of the Group’s performance during the year using financial key performance indicators is set out in the section
“Management Discussion and Analysis — Financial Resources and Liquidity” on page 44 of this annual report. In addition,
discussions on the Group’s environmental policies and compliance with relevant laws and regulations which may have a
significant impact on the Group are set out in the section “Management Discussion and Analysis — Environmental Policies” and
“Management Discussion and Analysis — Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations” separately on page 45 of this annual
report.

RESULTS
The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the state of affairs of the Group at that date are set out on
pages 100 to 222.

DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company has adopted a dividend policy, in considering the payment of dividends, to allow shareholders of the Company to
participate in the Company’s profits whilst retaining adequate reserves for future growth of the Group.

The Board shall consider the following factors before recommending or declaring dividends:

i.     The Company’s actual and expected financial performance;

ii.    Retained earnings and distributable reserves of the Company and each of the members of the Group;

iii.   The Group’s working capital, capital expenditure requirements and future expansion plans;

iv.    The Group’s liquidity position;

v.     General economic conditions, business cycle of the Group and other internal or external factors that may have an impact on
       the business or financial performance and position of the Company; and

vi.    Other factors that the Board deems relevant.

The payment of dividend is also subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations including the laws of Bermuda and
the Company’s Bye-laws. The Board will review the dividend policy from time to time and there can be no assurance that dividend
will be paid in any particular amount for any given period.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022     81


Report of the Directors

DIVIDEND
The Board recommends the payment of final dividend of approximately HK$496,940,000 at 14 HK cents per share (2021:
HK$390,450,000 at 11 HK cents per share) for the year ended 31 December 2022. No interim dividend was declared during the year
(2021: Nil).

RESERVES
Details of the movements in reserves of the Group and of the Company during the year are set out in the consolidated statement
of changes in equity and note 41 to the consolidated financial statements respectively. As at 31 December 2022, the Company’s
reserves available for distribution, calculated in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations of Bermuda, amounted to
approximately HK$7,143.16 million (2021: approximately HK$7,035.31 million).

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the movements in share capital of the Company during the year are set out in note 38 to the consolidated financial
statements.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s bye-laws or the laws of Bermuda which would oblige the
Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to its existing shareholders.

SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATES
Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries and associates at 31 December 2022 are set out in notes 22 and 20 to the consolidated
financial statements respectively.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year are set out in note 16 to the
consolidated financial statements.

BANK BORROWINGS
Particulars of bank borrowings of the Group during the year are set out in note 32 to the consolidated financial statements.

DIRECTORS
The Directors who held office during the year and up to the date of this report are:

Executive Directors
Dr. Tang Weikun
Dr. Shao Yan
Dr. Niu Zhanqi
Dr. Shi Lin

Independent Non-executive Directors
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie
Mr. Hu Yebi
Dr. Pei Geng
82     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Report of the Directors

Pursuant to bye-law 87(1), Dr. Shao Yan, Dr. Shi Lin and Dr. Pei Geng will retire from office at the forthcoming annual general
meeting. Dr. Shi Lin and Dr. Pei Geng, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election of the forthcoming annual general meeting.
Dr. Shao Yan will not offer himself for re-election.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
There is no unexpired service contract which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of
compensation other than statutory compensation. Each of the independent non-executive Directors has been appointed pursuant
to a letter of appointment for a term of one year, which is renewable automatically for successive terms of one year after the expiry
of the term of appointment, unless terminated by not less than three months’ notice in writing served by either party.

DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
At no time during the year was the Company or its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors or chief
executive of the Company to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other
body corporate.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
No transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company or its
subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the
year or at any time during the year.

COMPETING INTEREST
Save Dr. Niu Zhanqi, an executive director, who is the president of Pharmaceutical Management Headquarters of China Grand and
a director of Huadong Medicine, and thus may have interest in businesses which competes or is likely to compete, either directly
or indirectly, with the business of the Group, so far as the Directors are aware of, no Directors or the management shareholders of
the Company (as defined in the Listing Rules) had an interest in a business which competes or may compete with the business of
the Group.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the related party transactions entered by the Group are all disclosed note 42 in the
consolidated financial statements and in the section “Continuing Connected Transactions” in the report of the Directors below,
and had complied with the relevant requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Save as mentioned in these 2 sections,
there were no other discloseable non-exempted connected transactions or non- exempted continuing connected transactions
under the Listing Rules. To the extent of the related party transactions as disclosed in note 42 to the financial statements
constituted connected transaction or continuing connected transaction, the Company had complied with the relevant
requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules during the year.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022      83


Report of the Directors

CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group has entered the following continuing connected transactions which are subject
to the reporting and announcement requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules:

(1)   On 30 June 2020, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement (the “Huadong Medicine Supply Agreement”) with
      Huadong Medicine. Pursuant to the Huadong Medicine Supply Agreement, Grand Pharm (China) or its related companies
      shall supply pharmaceutical preparations, raw materials and related services to Huadong Medicine or its related companies
      and the maximum annual amount of products to be sold by the Group to Huadong Medicine for each of the periods
      commencing from the date where the terms of the Huadong Medicine Supply Agreement become effective until 31
      December 2020 and for the two years ending 31 December 2022 are RMB160.0 million, RMB165.0 million and RMB169.0
      million respectively (the “Huadong Medicine Supply Caps”). In 2022, the transaction amount under Huadong Medicine
      Supply Agreement is approximately RMB111.2 million.

(2)   On 30 June 2020, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement (the “China Grand Supply Agreement”) with China Grand.
      Pursuant to the China Grand Supply Agreement, Grand Pharm (China) or its related companies shall supply pharmaceutical
      preparations, raw materials and related services to China Grand or its related companies and the maximum annual amount
      of products to be sold by the Group to China Grand for each of the periods commencing from the date where the terms of
      the China Grand Supply Agreement become effective until 31 December 2020 and for the two years ending 31 December
      2022 are RMB26.0 million, RMB27.0 million and RMB28.0 million respectively (the “China Grand Supply Caps”). In 2022, the
      transaction amount under China Grand Supply Agreement is approximately RMB3.8 million.

(3)   On 30 June 2020, Grand Pharm (China) entered into the purchase agreement (the “Baoding Jiufu Purchase Agreement”) with
      Baoding Jiufu Biochemical Co., Ltd (the “Baoding Jiufu”), and a supplemental agreement on 16 July 2021 (the “Baoding Jiufu
      Purchase Supplemental Agreement”). Pursuant to the Baoding Jiufu Purchase Agreement and Baoding Jiufu Purchase
      Supplemental Agreement, Grand Pharm (China) or its related companies shall purchase raw materials from Baoding Jiufu or
      its related companies for the production of amino acid products and other pharmaceutical products. The maximum annual
      amount of products to be purchased by the Group from Baoding Jiufu for each of the periods commencing from the date
      where the terms of the Baoding Jiufu Purchase Agreement become effective until 31 December 2020 and for the two years
      ending 31 December 2022 are RMB41 million, RMB212 million and RMB431 million respectively (the “Baoding Jiufu Purchase
      Caps”). In 2022, the transaction amount under Baoding Jiufu Purchase Agreement and Baoding Jiufu Purchase Supplemental
      Agreement is approximately RMB213.5 million.

(4)   On 30 June 2020, Wuhan Kernel Bio-Tech Co., Ltd. (an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) (the “Wuhan
      Kernel”) entered into the sub-contracting agreement (the “Baoding Jiufu Sub-Contracting Agreement”) with Baoding Jiufu.
      Pursuant to the Baoding Jiufu Sub-Contracting Agreement, Wuhan Kernel or its related companies shall engage Baoding
      Jiufu for the provision of processing services for the production of antibiotics which can be applied in animal feeds. The
      maximum annual amount of products to be subcontracted by the Wuhan Kernel to Baoding Jiufu for each of the periods
      commencing from the date where the terms of the Baoding Jiufu Sub-Contracting Agreement become effective until 31
      December 2020 and for the two years ending 31 December 2022 are RMB48 million, RMB50 million and RMB52 million
      respectively (the “Baoding Jiufu Sub-Contracting Caps”). In 2022, the transaction amount under Baoding Jiufu Sub-
      Contracting Agreement is zero.
84     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Report of the Directors

(5)   On 9 December 2021, Cangzhou Huachen BioTech Co., Ltd. (an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) (the
      “Huachen BioTech ”) entered into an agreement (the “Huachen BioTech Supply Agreement”) with Hebei Huayang Biological
      Technology Co., Ltd. (the “Hebei Huayang ”). Pursuant to the Huachen BioTech Supply Agreement, Huachen BioTech or its
      related companies shall supply glycine, other raw materials for pharmaceutical use and related services, to Hebei Huayang
      or its related companies and the maximum annual amount of products to be sold by the Group to Hebei Huayang for each
      of the periods commencing from the date where the terms of the Huachen BioTech Supply Agreement become effective
      until 31 December 2021 and for the two years ending 31 December 2023 are RMB200.0 million, RMB700.0 million and
      RMB1.0 billion respectively (the “Huachen BioTech Supply Caps”). In 2022, the transaction amount under Huachen BioTech
      Supply Agreement is approximately RMB75.8 million.

(6)   On 2 June 2022, Beijing Purevalley Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) (the
      “Beijing Purevalley”) entered into an agreement (the “Beijing Purevalley Distribution Agreement”) with Sirtex Medical
      Singapore Pte Ltd. (the “Sirtex Medical ”). Pursuant to the Beijing Purevalley Distribution Agreement, Sirtex Medical has
      appointed Beijing Purevalley as Sirtex Medical’s exclusive distributor for the resale of the SIR-Spheres® Y-90 microspheres
      and the accessories of their delivery systems in the PRC and the maximum annual amount of products to be sold by the
      Sirtex Medical to Beijing Purevalley for the year ended 31 December 2022 is RMB120 million (the “Beijing Purevalley
      Distribution Cap”). In 2022, the transaction amount under Beijing Purevalley Distribution Agreement is approximately
      RMB21.2 million.

As Huadong Medicine and Baoding Jiufu are regarded as connected persons of the Company since they are associates of the
China Grand (which is a substantial shareholder of the Company), and the subject matters of each of the Huadong Medicine
Supply Agreement, China Grand Supply Agreement, Baoding Jiufu Purchase Agreement, Baoding Jiufu Purchase Supplemental
Agreement and Baoding Jiufu Sub-Contracting Agreement (collectively known as “China Grand Continuing Connected
Transaction Agreements”) are similar in nature, pursuant to Rule 14A.81 of the Listing Rules the transactions between the Group
and each of these companies would be aggregated. As the aggregated amount of the Huadong Medicine Supply Caps, the China
Grand Supply Caps, Baoding Jiufu Purchase Caps and Baoding Jiufu Sub-Contracting Caps exceed HK$10,000,000 per annum, the
transactions contemplated under the China Grand Continuing Connected Transaction Agreements are subject to the reporting,
announcement and Independent Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

Huachen BioTech is owned as to 80% by the Group and 20% by Hebei Huayang. Accordingly, Hebei Huayang is a connected
person of the Company. As the amount of the Huachen BioTech Supply Caps exceed HK$10,000,000 per annum, the transactions
contemplated under the Huachen BioTech Supply Agreement are subject to the reporting, announcement and Independent
Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

Sirtex Medical is owned as to 43.15% by CDH Genetech Limited, which is wholly-owned by CDH Fund V, L.P. (a substantial
shareholder of the Company). Sirtex Medical is an associate of CDH Genetech Limited and CDH Fund V, L.P., and thus Sirtex
Medical is a connected person of the Company. As the amount of the Beijing Purevalley Distribution Cap exceed HK$10,000,000,
the transactions contemplated under the Beijing Purevalley Distribution Agreement are subject to the reporting, announcement
and Independent Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022      85


Report of the Directors

The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed and confirmed that these transactions were entered into:

(i)     in the ordinary and usual course of the business of the Group;

(ii)    either on normal commercial terms or, if there are no sufficient comparable transactions to judge whether they are on
        normal commercial terms, on terms no less favourable to the Group than those available to or from independent third
        parties; and

(iii)   in accordance with the China Grand Continuing Connected Transaction Agreement, Huachen BioTech Supply Agreement
        and Beijing Purevalley Distribution Agreement governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of
        the shareholders of the Company as a whole.

The Auditors of the Company have reviewed the continuing connected transactions and confirmed in a letter (the “Letter”) to the
Board (a copy of which has been provided to the Stock Exchange). The Auditors of the Company have:

(i)     found that the continuing connected transactions have received the approval of the Board of Directors of the Company;

(ii)    obtained the relevant agreements governing each of the continuing connected transactions from management;

(iii)   found that the prices charged for each of the transactions selected were in accordance with the pricing terms set out in the
        relevant agreements governing such transactions or where the related agreement did not clearly specify a price, the prices
        charged were consistent with the prices charged for comparable transactions that were identified by management; and

(iv)    found that the continuing connected transactions have not exceed the cap amounts disclosed in previous announcements
        dated 30 June 2020, 16 July 2021, 9 December 2021 and 2 June 2022 made by the Company in respect of each of the
        continuing connected transactions.

SHARE OPTION SCHEME
During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company did not adopt any share option scheme and no outstanding share
options.

No share options were granted or exercised under any share option scheme during the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021
and there were no outstanding share options as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.

SHARE AWARD SCHEME
On 1 September 2021, the Company has adopted the Share Award Scheme (“Scheme”) to recognise the contributions from
participants and provide them with incentives in order to retain them for the continual operation, growth and development of the
Group. in which the Group’s employees, directors or consultants will be entitled to participate. The Scheme became effected on
30 September 2021 for ten years. Details of the Scheme are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 1 September 2021.

In 2022 and 2021, the Group has paid to the trust established for the Scheme HK$30.0 million HK$155.0 million respectively,
together with the dividend income distributed by the Shares owned, the Group applied approximately HK$187.5 million to
purchase 30,300,000 Shares as part of the trust fund and such Shares are held by the trustee for the benefit of the eligible
participants under the trust.

Save for the aforesaid, as at the date of this report, the Board neither granted any awards nor caused to pay the trustee the trust
fund for purchase nor subscription of Shares.
86      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Report of the Directors

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES
As at 31 December 2022, the Directors and the chief executive of the Company, and their respective associates had the following
interests in the shares and underlying shares of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange of
Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short
positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO) or which were required, pursuant to section
352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”):

Long positions in the shares of the Company:


                                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                                 percentage of
                                                                                                       Number of                the Company’s
Name of Director and chief                                                                              ordinary                   issued share
Executive of the Company                   Capacity                                                   shares held                       Capital


Tang Weikun                                Beneficial owner                                                 60,000                          0.00%
Shao Yan                                   Interests in spouse (Note)                                    6,019,600                          0.17%
Zhou Chao                                  Beneficial owner                                                 56,000                          0.00%

Note: Dr. Shao Yan, a Director, is the spouse of Ms. Tian Wen Hong who is the holder of the above shares. By virtue of the SFO, Dr. Shao Yan shall be
      deemed to be interested in such 6,019,600 shares.


Apart from the foregoing, none of the Directors and chief executive of the Company or any of their spouses or children under
eighteen years of age has interests or short positions in shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company, any of its holding
company, subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries, as recorded in the register required to be kept under section 352 of the SFO or
pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers contained in the Listing Rules or required to
be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of the SFO.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
The articles of associations of the Company provides that the Directors or other officers of the Company shall be entitled to be
indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities incurred or sustained by him/her as a Director or other
officer of the Company in defending any proceedings, civil or criminal, in which judgment is given in his/her favour, or in which
he/she is acquitted.

The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover or other relevant arrangement in respect of potential legal actions against
its Directors and senior management members as well as directors of the subsidiaries of the Group.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022     87


Report of the Directors

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
As at 31 December 2022, the following persons (other than the Directors or chief executive of the Company) had an interest or
short position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which are required to be disclosed to the Company and the
Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or required to be entered in the register
maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.

Long and short positions in the shares of the Company:


                                                                                                                 Approximate
                                                                                                                percentage or
                                                                                                                  attributable
                                                           Number of the                                        percentage of
Name of Shareholders                          Notes      shares interested     Nature of interests           shareholding (%)


Outwit Investments Limited (“Outwit”)            1         1,671,671,149 (L)   Beneficial owner                        47.09 (L)

Grand (Hongkong) International                   1         1,671,671,149 (L)   Interest of controlled                  47.09 (L)
  Investments Holdings Limited                                                    corporation
  (“Grand Investment”)

China Grand Enterprises Incorporation            1         1,671,671,149 (L)   Interest of controlled                  47.09 (L)
  (“China Grand”)                                                                 corporation

Shanghai China Grand Asset Finance               2           286,039,153 (L)   Beneficial owner/Interest                 8.06 (L)
  Investment Management Co., Limited                                             of controlled
  (“Shanghai Finance”)                                                           corporation

East Ocean Capital (Hong Kong)                   2           224,373,091 (L)   Beneficial owner                          6.32(L)
  Company Limited (“East Ocean”)

Mr. Hu Kaijun (“Mr. Hu”)                     1&2&3         1,999,230,302 (L)   Interest of controlled                  56.32 (L)
                                                                                  corporation

Ms. Chau Tung                                1&2&3         1,999,230,302 (L)   Beneficial owner/Interest               56.32 (L)
                                                                                 in spouse

CDH Giant Health I Limited (“CDH Giant”)         4           356,648,142 (L)   Beneficial owner                        10.05 (L)

CDH Fund V, L.P. (“CDH Fund”)                    4           356,648,142 (L)   Interest of controlled                  10.05 (L)
                                                                                  corporation

CDH V Holdings Company Limited (“CDH V”)         4           356,648,142 (L)   Interest of controlled                  10.05 (L)
                                                                                  corporation

China Diamond Holdings V Limited                 4           356,648,142 (L)   Interest of controlled                  10.05 (L)
  (“China Diamond V”)                                                             corporation
88      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Report of the Directors


                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                                        percentage or
                                                                                                          attributable
                                                       Number of the                                    percentage of
Name of Shareholders                         Notes   shares interested    Nature of interests        shareholding (%)


China Diamond Holdings Company Limited        4         356,648,142 (L)   Interest of controlled              10.05 (L)
  (“China Diamond”)                                                          corporation

CNCB (Hong Kong) Investment Limited           5         208,750,000 (L)   Owned security interests             5.88 (L)
                                                                           in shares

China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited          5         208,750,000 (L)   Interest of controlled               5.88 (L)
                                                                             corporation

CITIC Limited                                 5         208,750,000 (L)   Interest of controlled               5.88 (L)
                                                                             corporation

CITIC Group Corporation                       5         208,750,000 (L)   Interest of controlled               5.88 (L)
                                                                             corporation

Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A                  6         179,173,959 (L)   Interest of controlled               5.05 (L)
                                                                             corporation

Li Zhenfu                                     6         179,173,959 (L)   Interest of controlled               5.05 (L)
                                                                             corporation

Lion River I N.V.                             6         179,173,959 (L)   Interest of controlled               5.05 (L)
                                                                             corporation

GL Partners Capital Management Ltd.           6         179,173,959 (L)   Interest of controlled               5.05 (L)
                                                                             corporation

(L)   denotes long position
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022          89


Report of the Directors

Notes:

1.       Outwit is the beneficial owner of 1,671,671,149 Shares. Grand Investment, being wholly-owned by China Grand, held 99.85% equity interests of
         Outwit, and Ms. Chau Tung, spouse of Mr. Hu, held the remaining 0.15% equity interests. Grand Investment and China Grand are therefore deemed to
         be interested in 1,671,671,149 Shares pursuant to the SFO.

2.       Beijing Yuanda Huachuang Investment Co., Ltd. (北京遠大華創投資有限公司), a company wholly owned by Mr. Hu, owned 70% of the equity
         interests of Shanghai Finance. Shanghai Finance is the beneficial owner of 61,666,062 Shares. East Ocean, a wholly owned subsidiary of Shanghai
         Finance, also holds 224,373,091 Shares. Shanghai Finance is therefore deemed to be interested in 286,039,153 Shares pursuant to the SFO.

3.       China Grand is controlled and ultimately and beneficially owned by Mr. Hu. Ms. Chau Tung, spouse of Mr. Hu, is also the beneficial owner of
         41,520,000 Shares. Mr. Hu and Ms. Chau Tung are therefore deemed to be interested in 1,999,230,302 Shares pursuant to the SFO.

4.       CDH Giant is the beneficial owner of 356,648,142 Shares. CDH Giant is wholly-owned by CDH Fund, and pursuant to the SFO CDH Fund is therefore
         deemed to be interested in the 356,648,142 Shares. CDH Fund is controlled by CDH V, which in turn held as to 80% by China Diamond V. China
         Diamond V is in held as to 100% by China Diamond.

5.       CNCB (Hong Kong) Investment Limited owns a security interest in 208,750,000 Shares.

         China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited owns 99.05% interests in CNCB (Hong Kong) Investment Limited. China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited is
         owned by CITIC Limited by approximately 65.97%. CITIC Limited is owned by CITIC Group Corporation by approximately 58.13%. Pursuant to the SFO
         these three companies are therefore deemed to be interested in the 208,750,000 Shares.

6.       GL Trade Investment Limited owns 99,438,959 Shares, and GL China Long Equity Opportunities Fund SPV LP owns 79,735,000 Shares.

         Lion River I N.V. owns 49% interests of GL Trade Investment Limited and approximately 80.13% interests in GL China Long Equity Opportunities Fund
         SPV LP. Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A owns 100% interests of Lion River I N.V.. Pursuant to the SFO these two companies are therefore deemed to be
         interested in the 179,173,959 Shares.GL Partners Capital Management Limited and Li Zhenfu also declare to have the same interests in Shares
         through the control and/or interests in the above companies.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, the Directors or chief executive of the Company were not aware of any other
person (other than the Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the shares or
underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of
Part XV of the SFO or, who is, directly or indirectly, interested in 5% or more of the nominal value of any class of share capital
carrying rights to vote in all circumstances at general meetings of any other members of the Group, or any other substantial
shareholders whose interests or short positions were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section
336 of the SFO.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company
was entered into or existed during the year.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the five largest customers of the Group accounted for less than 30% of the Group’s total
revenue while the five largest suppliers accounted for less than 30% the Group’s total purchases.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SHARES
Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed
securities during the year ended 31 December 2021.
90     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Report of the Directors

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, the Company has
maintained a sufficient public float as required under the Listing Rules during the year ended 31 December 2022 and as at the
latest practicable date prior to the issue of this annual report.

TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION
The Company is not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to shareholders by reason of their holding of the Company’s
securities.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the Corporate Governance Report on pages 47
to 52.

AUDITORS
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 have been audited by HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng
Limited which shall retire and, being eligible, offer itself for re-appointment at the forthcoming annual general meeting. A
resolution to re-appoint HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited and to authorize the Board of Directors to fix its remuneration will be
proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

On behalf of the Board




Dr. Tang Weikun
Chairman

Hong Kong, 22 March 2023
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2022       91


Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Dr. Tang Weikun, aged 38, joined Grand Pharma (China) Co., Ltd. (a major subsidiary of the Group) (“Grand Pharma (China)”) in
2012 and worked for several companies of the Group. He has been the assistant of the president of Grand Pharma (China) since
April 2019, and was appointed as the president of Grand Pharma (China) with effect from 1 June 2021. Dr. Tang has overall
responsible for the operation of Grand Pharma (China) and being the officer of its strategic decision committee. Dr. Tang
completed his life science and technology undergraduate education at Wuhan University in 2007, and obtained his doctoral
degree in microbiology from the College of Life Sciences, Wuhan University in 2012.

Dr. Shao Yan, aged 60, was appointed as an executive Director in October 2008. Dr. Shao joined the Company in March 2008 and
is the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Dr. Shao currently focus on the business development and investment of the
Company. Dr. Shao has over 30 years of experience in corporate management and venture capital investment. Dr. Shao holds a
master degree in Business Administration from Guanghua School of Management of Peking University and a doctor degree (PhD)
in Management from School of Politics and International Studies of Beijing Normal University.

Dr. Niu Zhanqi, aged 56, was appointed as an executive Director in November 2016. Dr. Niu has more than 10 years’ experience
in pharmaceutical research and development. He is currently the president of the Pharmaceutical Management Headquarters of
China Grand. He also is a director of Huadong Medicine since June 2016. Dr. Niu holds a bachelor’s degree in science from Nankai
University and a doctoral degree (PhD) in pharmaceutics from Shenyang Pharmaceutical University.

Dr. Shi Lin, aged 59, joined the Group in 2019 and is currently the deputy president and chief pharmaceutical officer of Grand
Pharma (China). Before joining the Group, she had been the EU Registration Leader in Global Regulatory Affairs (GRA)
Neuroscience of Janssen R&D in Belgium. Dr. Shi has over 30 years of clinical and research experience in the pharmaceutical
industry, with significant experience working with global multifunctional matrix teams to drive forward complex projects. She led
various applications for clinical trials (Clinical Trial Applications (CTA) and Investigational New Drug Applications (IND)) in different
countries in Europe and the United States, particularly in relation to strategic assessments in first clinical trials and innovative
research paths. Dr. Shi obtained her doctoral degree in medical sciences from Vrije Universiteit Brussel in 2005. She has been
appointed as visiting professor and visiting fellow in various universities, such as Tongji Medical College affiliated to Huazhong
University of Science and Technology (華中科技大學同濟醫學院) in Wuhan. Dr. Shi was awarded as “2014 Top Ten Chinese
Technology Leaders in Europe” (2014度歐洲華人10大科技領軍人才*) by the Federation of Chinese Professional Association in
Europe (全歐華人專業協會聯合會*). She is also a director of OncoSec Medical Incorporated, a company listed in NASDAQ
(trading symbol: ONCS).
92     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie, aged 60, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in March 2005. Ms. So is a fellow
member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and a practicing member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants. She is a partner of an accounting firm.

Mr. Hu Yebi, aged 59, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in December 2018. Mr. Hu received his Master of
Business Administration from Netherlands International Institute for Management in the Netherlands and a Postgraduate Diploma
in Management Engineering from Beijing Institute of Technology in Beijing, the PRC. Mr. Hu has more than twenty years of
experience in securities and financial services, mergers and acquisitions and corporate finance. Mr. Hu is the founder and chairman
of Vision Finance Group Limited. Mr. Hu is currently a non- executive director of Beijing Sports and Entertainment Industry Group
Limited (stock code: 1803) and was an executive director of Beijing Enterprises Medical and Health Industry Limited (stock code:
2389) and Beijing Properties (Holdings) Limited (stock code: 925), but already resigned in October 2018 and November 2018
respectively. All these companies are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

Dr. Pei Geng, aged 63, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in May 2011. Dr. Pei holds a bachelor degree in
Medicine and clinically became a neurosurgeon after graduation from Beijing Capital University of Medicine, China. Dr. Pei also
holds a licentiate degree in Medical Sciences from Uppsala University, Sweden and a PhD degree in neuroscience from University
of Würzburg, Germany. Dr. Pei is currently working in Multiway Trading Intl., USA and its Beijing branch.

SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. Zhou Chao, aged 33, has been the executive deputy officer of the Company since June 2019, and is also a director of certain
associated company of the Group. Mr. Zhou is responsible for overall internal management of the Group. Prior to joining the
Company, Mr. Zhou was the legal manager, senior legal manager and business director of the department of legal security
management of China Grand Enterprises Incorporation (a substantial shareholder of the Company), and he is also directors of
certain local and overseas companies, including being a director of OncoSec Medical Incorporated, a company listed in NASDAQ
(trading symbol: ONCS) since February 2020. Mr. Zhou graduated from the Law School of Ocean University of China in 2011, and
obtained his Master of International Economic Law Degree from the University of International Business and Economics. Mr. Zhou
led and participated several local and overseas transactions in related to large scale merger and acquisition projects and
introduction of various types of products.

Mr. Foo Tin Chung, Victor, aged 54, joined the Company in September 2011 as a company secretary of the Company. Mr. Foo
holds a bachelor degree in Accounting and Information System in the University of New South Wales in Australia and a master
degree in Business Administration in Australia Graduate School of Management. He is a member of the Australia Society of
Certified Practising Accountants and an associate member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Foo is
the company secretary and chief financial officer of Justin Allen Holdings Limited (stock code: 1425) since April 2018, which is
listed on the Stock Exchange.

Mr. Shi Xiaofeng, aged 56, joined the principal subsidiary Grand Pharm (China) since 2003 and is the chairman of the board of
directors of Grand Pharma (China). Mr. Shi is responsible for overseeing the entire operations and management of Grand Pharm
(China), and has over 20 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry management. Mr. Shi used to work for Schering-
Plough and Pharmacia as senior management before joining the Group. Mr. Shi holds a medical degree from Medical School of
Southeast University and a EMBA certificate at China Europe International Business School.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022       93


Independent Auditors’ Report




INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “Company”) and its
subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 100 to 222, which comprise the consolidated statement of
financial position as at 31 December 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the
consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group
as at 31 December 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in
accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (the “HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants (the “HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for
Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
94     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Independent Auditors’ Report

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key audit matter                                                How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Impairment assessment of pharmaceutical business
Refer to notes 3, 21 and 23 to the consolidated financial statements

The Group had goodwill and intangible assets of                 Our procedures in relation to management’s impairment
approximately HK$644,047,000 and HK$1,397,992,000               assessment included:
respectively relating to the cash generating units engaged
in business of manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical          •      Evaluating of the independent external valuer’s competence,
preparations and medical devices, biotechnology products               capabilities and objectivity;
and health products, specialised pharmaceutical raw
materials and other products mainly, in the People’s            •      Assessing the appropriateness of methodologies used and  
Republic of China as at 31 December 2022. There is an                  the key assumptions based on our knowledge of the
indicator of impairment for goodwill and intangible assets             pharmaceutical business and using our valuation experts;
and hence the management of the Group performed
impairment assessment of pharmaceutical business. An            •      Challenging the reasonableness of key assumptions based
impairment loss on goodwill of approximately                           on our knowledge of the business and industry; and
HK$36,442,000 was recognised for the year. This conclusion
was based on value-in-use model that required significant       •      Checking, on sampling basis, the accuracy and relevance of
management judgement with respect to the discount rate                 the input data used.
and the underlying cashflows, in particular future revenue
growth. Independent external valuation reports were             We found the management judgement and estimates used in
obtained in order to support management’s estimates.            impairment assessment were supported by the available evidence.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022      95


Independent Auditors’ Report

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key audit matter                                                How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Impairment assessment of trade and other receivables and amounts due from related companies
Refer to notes 3, 5(b)(iv), 28 and 34 to the consolidated financial statements

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had gross trade and           Our procedures in relation to management’s impairment
other receivables and amounts due from related companies        assessment of the trade and other receivables and amounts due
of approximately HK$1,376,363,000 and HK$34,288,000,            from related companies as at 31 December 2022 included:
respectively. The provision for impairment of trade and
other receivables and amounts due from related companies        •     Understanding and evaluating the key controls that the
are approximately HK$91,774,000 and HK$541,000,                       Group has implemented to manage and monitor its credit
respectively.                                                         risk, and validating the control effectiveness on a sample
                                                                      basis;
In general, the credit terms granted by the Group to the
customers ranged between 30 to 180 days. Management             •     Checking, on a sample basis, the ageing profile of the trade
applied judgement in assessing the expected credit losses             and other receivables and amounts due from related
(“ECL”). Trade and other receivables relating to                      companies as at 31 December 2022 to the underlying
counterparties with known financial difficulties or                   financial records and post year-end settlements to bank
significant doubt on collection of trade receivables are              receipts;
assessed individually for provision for loss allowance. ECL
are also estimated by grouping the remaining trade              •     Inquiring of management for the past due status of each of
receivables based on shared credit risk characteristics and           the material trade and other receivables and amounts due
collectively assessed for likelihood of recovery, taking into         from related companies as at year end and corroborating
account the nature of the customer, its business and its              explanations from management with supporting evidence,
ageing category, and applying ECL rates to the respective             such as performing public search of credit profile of selected
gross carrying amounts of the trade receivables. The                  customers, understanding on-going business relationship
management assessed the recoverability of amounts due                 with the customers based on trade records, checking
from related companies based on these counterparties’                 historical and subsequent settlement records of and other
capability of repayment. The ECL rates on these receivables           correspondence with the customers; and
are determined based on the Group’s historical default rates
taking into consideration forward-looking information that      •     Assessing the appropriateness of the ECL provisioning
is reasonable and supportable available without undue                 methodology, examining the key data inputs on a sample
costs or effort. At every reporting date, the historical              basis to assess their accuracy and completeness, and
observed default rates are reassessed and changes in the              challenging the assumptions, including both historical and
forward-looking information are considered.                           forward-looking information, used to determine the ECL.

We focused on this area due to the impairment assessment        We found that the management’s judgement and estimates used
of trade and other receivables and amounts due from             to assess the recoverability of the trade and other receivables and
related companies under the ECL model involved the use          amounts due from related companies and its impairment provision
of significant management judgements and estimates.             were supported by the available evidence.
96       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Independent Auditors’ Report

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key audit matter                                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Interests in associates
Refer to note 3 and 20 to the consolidated financial statements

As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amounts of interests                        Our procedures in relation to the i) the audit work performed on
in associates amounted to approximately HK$7,704,161,000                         interest in Sirtex; and ii) management’s impairment assessment of
which represented approximately 34.4% of the Group’s                             interests in associates included:
total assets.
                                                                                 i)   The audit work performed on the Group’s interest in Sirtex:
Included in the interests in associates, the Group had
57.98% interest in Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Limited                                    Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd. (“Sirtex”) is a wholly owned subsidiary
(“Grand Pharma Sphere”) which was accounted for under                                 of Grand Pharma Sphere and was audited by non-HLB
the equity method. The Group’s share of loss from Grand                               auditors (“the Sirtex Auditors”). We discussed with the Sirtex
Pharma Sphere for the year ended 31 December 2022 was                                 Auditors their audit approach and result of their work and
approximately of HK$40,991,000 and the Group’s share of                               reviewed their working papers. We discussed the key audit
net assets of Grand Pharma Sphere was approximately                                   matters relating to Sirtex with Group’s management and
H K $ 5 , 0 7 4 , 3 9 0 , 0 0 0 a s a t 3 1 D e c e m b e r 2 0 2 2 , wh i c h        evaluated the impact on our audit of the consolidated
represented approximately 22.7% of the Group’s total                                  financial statements.
assets.
                                                                                      We reviewed and discussed with the Sirtex Auditors their
Grand Pharma Sphere’s revenue amounted to                                             report in accordance with our group audit instructions, and
approximately HK$1,223,111,000 for the year ended 31                                  thus we found that the Group’s share of results and net
December 2022. Revenue was generated from sale of SIR-                                assets of Grand Pharma Sphere were supported by the
Spheres Y-90 resin microspheres, a targeted radiotherapy                              available evidence.
for liver cancer. Revenue is recognised when control of the
product has transferred to the customer, being when the
product is delivered to the distributor or medical facility
and when the customer has sole discretion over the use of
the product and there are no unfulfilled obligations that
could affect the customer’s acceptance of the product.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022      97


Independent Auditors’ Report

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key audit matter                                                How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Interests in associates (continued)
Refer to note 3 and 20 to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

Management determines at the end of each reporting              ii)   Management’s impairment assessment of interests in
period the existence of any objective evidence through                associates included:
which the Group’s interests in all associates may be
impaired. The assessment of indicators of impairment and              —       Evaluating of the Group’s assessments as to whether
where such indicators exist and the determination of the                      any indication of impairment exist by reference to the
recoverable amounts requires significant management’s                         available information in the relevant market and
judgement.                                                                    industries;

                                                                      —       Assessing the appropriateness of methodologies used
                                                                              and the key assumptions based on our knowledge
                                                                              and using our valuation experts;

                                                                      —       Challenging the reasonableness of key assumptions
                                                                              based on our knowledge: and

                                                                      —       Checking, on a sample basis, the accuracy and
                                                                              relevance of information included in the valuation of
                                                                              interests in associates.

                                                                We found the management judgement and estimates used in
                                                                management impairment assessment on interests in associates
                                                                were supported by the available evidence.

OTHER INFORMATION
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual
report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditors’ report thereon (the “Other Information”).

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the Other Information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the Other Information and, in
doing so, consider whether the Other Information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this Other Information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
report in this regard.
98     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Independent Auditors’ Report

RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and for
such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless
the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our opinion solely to you, as a
body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of
assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
      design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate
      to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
      one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
      internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in
      the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
      disclosures made by the directors.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022      99


Independent Auditors’ Report

AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
      evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
      the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
      attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
      inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors’
      report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
      and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
      achieves fair presentation.

•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within
      the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision
      and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditors’ report is Tien Sun Kit, Jack.




HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
Certified Public Accountants

Tien Sun Kit, Jack
Practising Certificate Number: P07364

Hong Kong, 22 March 2023
100     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
Other Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2022


                                                                                               2022          2021
                                                                                 Notes       HK$’000       HK$’000


Revenue                                                                            7        9,562,285     8,597,975
Cost of sales                                                                              (3,610,806)   (3,350,737)

Gross profit                                                                               5,951,479     5,247,238

Other revenue and income                                                           8          211,572       349,016
Distribution costs                                                                         (2,306,519)   (2,397,848)
Administrative expenses                                                                    (1,090,032)     (909,617)
Reversal/(provision) of expected credit losses, net                                            23,017          (353)
Impairment loss recognised in respect of goodwill                                             (36,442)            –
Net (loss)/income from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss       9          (94,623)      484,848
Fair value change on derivative financial instruments                                          39,720        (8,350)
Share of results of associates                                                                (43,786)      113,862
Finance costs                                                                      10        (137,493)      (92,964)

Profit before tax                                                                          2,516,893     2,785,832
Income tax expense                                                                 11       (418,642)     (380,800)

Profit for the year                                                                12      2,098,251     2,405,032

Other comprehensive (loss)/income, net of income tax
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Fair value change of investment in equity instruments at fair value
   through other comprehensive income                                                         (70,706)      28,641
Share of other comprehensive loss of associates                                               (31,311)     (12,047)

Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange difference on translating foreign operations                                       (788,439)      274,095

Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year, net of income tax                           (890,456)      290,689

Total comprehensive income for the year, net of income tax                                 1,207,795     2,695,721

Profit for the year attributable to:
  — Owners of the Company                                                                  2,079,419     2,402,563
  — Non-controlling interests                                                                 18,832         2,469

                                                                                           2,098,251     2,405,032

Total comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to:
  — Owners of the Company                                                                  1,182,143     2,696,069
  — Non-controlling interests                                                                 25,652          (348)

                                                                                           1,207,795     2,695,721

  Basic and diluted (HK cents)                                                     14          58.70         67.72


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2022   101


Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at 31 December 2022


                                                                                    2022              2021
                                                                        Notes     HK$’000           HK$’000


Non-current assets
  Property, plant and equipment                                          16      3,505,138        3,409,183
  Right-of-use assets                                                    17        436,764          392,528
  Investment properties                                                  18        175,112          167,151
  Interests in associates                                                20      7,704,161        8,066,669
  Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income    25        567,320          145,685
  Goodwill                                                               21        644,047          596,746
  Intangible assets                                                      23      1,397,992        1,009,764
  Deferred tax assets                                                    24         24,585           24,608
  Prepayments                                                            28      1,029,022          466,107

                                                                                15,484,141       14,278,441

Current assets
  Inventories                                                            27      1,340,466        1,117,156
  Trade and other receivables                                            28      2,997,384        2,661,450
  Loan receivables                                                       19              –          113,190
  Amounts due from related companies                                     34         33,747           13,320
  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  26      1,038,582        1,112,968
  Derivative financial instrument                                        39         31,370                –
  Pledged bank deposits                                                  29          1,357            7,645
  Cash and cash equivalents                                              29      1,444,014        1,752,860

                                                                                 6,886,920        6,778,589

Current liabilities
  Trade and other payables                                               30      2,488,127        2,871,759
  Contract liabilities                                                   31        318,824          202,106
  Bank and other borrowings                                              32      3,243,126        2,116,471
  Lease liabilities                                                      33          9,785            5,728
  Amounts due to related companies                                       34         22,670            4,831
  Amount due to the immediate holding company                            36          2,331            2,331
  Derivative financial instrument                                        39              –            8,350
  Income tax payable                                                               369,738          354,549

                                                                                 6,454,601        5,566,125

Net current assets                                                                432,319         1,212,464

Total assets less current liabilities                                           15,916,460       15,490,905
102    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at 31 December 2022


                                                                                                   2022              2021
                                                                                 Notes           HK$’000           HK$’000


Non-current liabilities
  Bank and other borrowings                                                        32           1,162,288         1,510,070
  Lease liabilities                                                                33              60,083            13,306
  Deferred tax liabilities                                                         35             220,148           197,849
  Deferred income                                                                  37             265,281           326,818

                                                                                                1,707,800         2,048,043

Net assets                                                                                     14,208,660        13,442,862

Capital and reserves attributable to owners of the Company
  Share capital                                                                    38              35,496            35,496
  Reserves                                                                                     14,104,842        13,357,135

Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                   14,140,338        13,392,631
Non-controlling interests                                                                          68,322            50,231

Total equity                                                                                   14,208,660        13,442,862


The consolidated financial statements on pages 100 to 222 were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors of
the Company on 22 March 2023 and are signed on its behalf by:




                         Tang Wei Kun                                                      Shao Yan
                            Director                                                        Director

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2022                  103


Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2022

                                                                                                       Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                                                                                   Total equity
                                                                                                                                                                                   attributable
                                                                           Contribution                    Safety                                                                    to owners        Non-
                                                      Share       Share         surplus   Statutory          fund Translation          Other     FVTOCI      Treasury     Retained       of the controlling
                                                     capital   premium          reserve     reserve       reserve     reserve        reserve     reserve       shares       profits Company       interests         Total
                                                     HK$’000    HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000
                                                                                            (Note a)      (Note b)                   (Note c)                 (Note d)


As at 1 January 2021                                  35,496   6,523,049        121,273     479,682        28,825       163,044       (98,116)    11,871             –    3,974,380    11,239,504    104,705    11,344,209

Profit for the year                                       –           –              –            –             –             –             –           –            –    2,402,563     2,402,563      2,469     2,405,032
Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year,
  net of income tax
Change in fair value of FATOCI                            –           –              –            –             –             –             –     28,641             –            –       28,641           –       28,641
Share of other comprehensive loss of
  associates                                              –           –              –            –             –             –             –     (12,047)           –            –       (12,047)         –       (12,047)
Exchange difference on translation of
  foreign operations                                      –           –              –            –             –       276,912             –           –            –            –      276,912      (2,817)     274,095

Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year            –           –              –            –             –       276,912             –     16,594             –    2,402,563     2,696,069       (348)    2,695,721

Release of FVTOCI reserve upon disposal                   –           –              –            –             –             –            –      (25,419)           –            –       (25,419)         –       (25,419)
Purchase of treasury shares                               –           –              –            –             –             –            –            –     (143,503)           –      (143,503)         –      (143,503)
Capital contribution from non-controlling interest        –           –              –            –             –             –          300            –            –            –           300     17,594        17,894
Acquisition of subsidiaries                               –           –              –            –             –             –            –            –            –            –             –     16,659        16,659
Acquisition of additional interest in a subsidiary
   (Note 22)                                              –           –              –            –             –             –        16,130           –            –            –        16,130    (79,150)      (63,020)
Dividend paid                                             –           –              –            –             –             –             –           –            –     (390,450)     (390,450)    (9,229)     (399,679)
Transfer                                                  –           –              –       65,392             –             –             –           –            –      (65,392)            –          –             –

As at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022             35,496   6,523,049        121,273     545,074        28,825       439,956       (81,686)      3,046     (143,503)   5,921,101    13,392,631     50,231    13,442,862

Profit for the year                                       –           –              –            –             –             –             –           –            –    2,079,419     2,079,419     18,832     2,098,251
Other comprehensive loss for the year,
  net of income tax
Change in fair value of FATOCI                            –           –              –            –             –             –             –     (70,706)           –            –       (70,706)         –       (70,706)
Share of other comprehensive loss of
  associates                                              –           –              –            –             –             –             –     (31,311)           –            –       (31,311)         –       (31,311)
Exchange difference on translation of
  foreign operations                                      –           –              –            –             –      (795,259)            –           –            –            –      (795,259)     6,820      (788,439)

Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year            –           –              –            –             –      (795,259)            –    (102,017)           –    2,079,419     1,182,143     25,652     1,207,795

Purchase of treasury shares                               –           –              –            –             –             –             –           –      (43,986)           –       (43,986)         –       (43,986)
Dividend paid                                             –           –              –            –             –             –             –           –            –     (390,450)     (390,450)    (7,561)     (398,011)
Transfer                                                  –           –              –       66,295             –             –             –           –            –      (66,295)            –          –             –

As at 31 December 2022                                35,496   6,523,049        121,273     611,369        28,825      (355,303)      (81,686)    (98,971)    (187,489)   7,543,775    14,140,338     68,322    14,208,660
104       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2022

Notes:

a.       Each of the Company’s subsidiary’s Articles of Association in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) requires the appropriation of 10% of its profit
         after tax determined under the relevant accounting principles and financial regulations applicable to companies established in the PRC each year to
         the statutory reserve until the balance reaches 50% of the share capital. The statutory reserve shall only be used for making up losses, capitalisation
         into share capital and expansion of the production and operation.

b.       According to document (Cai Zi 2022 No. 136), entities involved in mining, construction, production of dangerous goods and land transport are
         required to transfer an amount at fixed rates on production volume or operating revenue as safety fund reserve. The safety fund is for future
         enhancement of safety production environment and improvement of facilities and is not available for distribution to shareholders.

c.       Other reserve represents the difference between the consideration paid to or received from non-controlling interests for acquisition of additional
         equity interest or additional capital injection in a subsidiary without the overall change in the control in that subsidiary and the carrying amount of
         share of net assets being acquired or disposed.

d.       Where any Group’s entity purchases the Group’s equity share capital (treasury shares), the consideration paid, including any directly attributable
         incremental costs (net of income taxes), is deducted from equity attributable to the Group’s equity owners. Where such shares are subsequently
         reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly attributable incremental transaction costs and the related income tax effects, is included in
         equity attributable to the Group’s equity owners. As at 31 December 2022, the Company held 30,300,000 (2021: 22,430,500) treasury shares and the
         aggregate price of the purchased shares was deducted from equity as “Treasury shares reserve” for an amount of HK$187,489,000 (2021:
         HK$143,503,000).


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022   105


Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2022


                                                                                                       2022               2021
                                                                                            Notes    HK$’000            HK$’000


Operating activities
Profit before tax                                                                                   2,516,893         2,785,832
Adjustments for:
  Amortisation of intangible assets                                                          23       32,341             17,024
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                              16      328,712            305,504
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                        17       33,859             16,991
  Finance costs                                                                              10      137,493             92,964
  Recognition of deferred government grant                                                   37      (52,119)           (41,151)
  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                          12        2,476              3,920
  Write-off of property, plant and equipment                                                 12       11,271             31,087
  Write-down of inventories                                                                  12        5,265              1,042
  (Reversal of)/allowance for expected credit losses recognised in respect of                12
   trade and other receivables                                                                        (22,642)           11,774
  Reversal of expected credit loss recognised                                                12
   in respect of loan receivables                                                                        (795)               (32)
  Allowance for/(reversal of) expected credit losses recognised in respect of                12
   amounts due from related companies                                                                    420            (11,389)
  Change in fair value on financial assets at fair value                                     9
   through profit or loss                                                                              67,240          (483,681)
  Fair value change on derivative financial instrument                                                (39,720)            8,350
  Interest income                                                                                     (19,806)           (9,633)
  Share of results of associates                                                                       43,786          (113,862)
  Gain on sales and leaseback transaction, net                                                8        (2,297)           (2,372)
  Net gain in fair value of investment properties                                           8, 18     (21,351)          (29,575)
  Investment income from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                9             –            (1,167)
  Realised loss on disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, net     9        27,383                 –
  Impairment loss recognised in respect of goodwill                                                    36,442                 –

Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                                            3,084,851         2,581,626
 Increase in inventories                                                                             (295,283)         (118,735)
 Increase in trade and other receivables                                                             (514,242)         (701,648)
 (Decrease)/increase in trade and other payables                                                     (234,575)          605,500
 (Increase)/decrease in amounts due from related companies                                            (22,523)           34,105
 Increase/(decrease) in amounts due to related companies                                               18,748           (53,771)
 Increase/(decrease) in contract liabilities                                                          135,089           (74,633)
 Increase in deferred income                                                                           19,867            10,548

Cash generated from operations                                                                      2,191,932         2,282,992
  Income tax paid                                                                                    (349,256)         (277,317)

Net cash generated from operating activities                                                        1,842,676         2,005,675
106     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2022


                                                                                                2022          2021
                                                                                    Notes     HK$’000       HK$’000


Investing activities
  Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                          16       (626,215)    (471,570)
  Purchase of intangible asset                                                       23       (431,368)     (64,797)
  Purchase of right-of-use assets                                                              (27,489)           –
  Acquisition of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                      (1,429,782)    (148,023)
  Acquisition of financial assets at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                                                                (509,086)       (56,083)
  Decrease in loan receivables                                                                      –         46,477
  Addition of investments in associates                                                       (70,431)    (1,201,426)
  Dividend received from an associate                                                20       192,095        198,753
  Advances to associates                                                                      (70,029)       (13,751)
  Repayment of advances to associates                                                          85,605         97,912
  Withdrawal of pledged bank deposits, net                                                      5,864         23,898
  Increase in non-current prepayments                                                        (586,225)       (91,027)
  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                       1,987         23,789
  Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss           1,354,385              –
  Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                                                                       –       121,482
  Interest income received                                                                     19,806         9,633
  Investment income from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                      –         1,167
  Net cash outflow from acquisition of subsidiaries                                  40      (269,223)     (141,808)
  Net cash outflow from acquisition of subsidiaries that do
   not constitute businesses                                                                         –     (103,605)

Net cash used in investing activities                                                       (2,360,106)   (1,768,979)

Financing activities
  Acquisition of partial interest of a subsidiary                                                    –       (63,020)
  Capital contribution from non-controlling interests                                                –        17,894
  Purchase of shares for share award scheme                                                    (43,986)     (143,503)
  Increase in non-current prepayments                                                                –       (11,497)
  Proceed from new bank and other borrowings                                                 3,116,608     1,981,036
  Repayments of bank and other borrowings                                                   (2,199,261)   (1,615,733)
  Repayments of principal portion of lease liabilities                                         (10,857)       (5,705)
  Interest paid                                                                               (137,493)      (92,964)
  Dividend paid                                                                               (390,450)     (390,450)
  Dividends paid to non-controlling interest                                                    (7,561)       (9,229)

Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                                        327,000      (333,171)

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                    (190,430)      (96,475)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year                                          1,752,860     1,836,695
  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                    (118,416)       12,640

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                 1,444,014     1,752,860

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022    107


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

1.   GENERAL INFORMATION
     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited (formerly known as China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited) (the
     “Company”) is incorporated in Bermuda on 18 October 1995 as an exempted company under the Companies Act 1981 of
     Bermuda with its shares listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) since 19 December
     1995. The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in “Corporate
     information” section of the annual report.

     The Company and its subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Group”) are principally engaged in the
     manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical preparations and medical devices, bio-technology products and health products,
     specialised pharmaceutical raw materials and other products, in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

     The directors consider that Outwit Investments Limited (“Outwit”) is the parent company of the Company and China Grand
     Enterprises Incorporation is the ultimate holding company of the Company. The ultimate controlling party is Mr. Hu Kaijun.

     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), which is the same as functional currency
     of the Company, and the functional currency of the most of the subsidiaries in Renminbi (“RMB”). The board of directors
     considered that it is more appropriate to present the consolidated financial statements in HK$ as the shares of the Company
     are listed on the Stock Exchange. The consolidated financial statements are presented in thousands of units of HK$
     (HK$’000), unless otherwise stated.

2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
     (“HKFRSS”)
     Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
     The Group has applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs issued by Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
     Accountants (the “HKICPA”) for the first time in the current year, which are mandatorily effective for the annual period
     beginning on or after 1 January 2022 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

     Amendments to HKFRS 3                        Reference to the Conceptual Framework
     Amendments to HKFRS 16                       Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021
     Amendments to HKAS 16                        Property, Plant and Equipment — Proceeds before Intended Use
     Amendments to HKAS 37                        Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a Contract
     Amendments to HKFRSs                         Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020
     Accounting Guideline 5 (Revised)             Merger Accounting for Common Control Combinations

     The application of the amendments to HKFRS Standards in the current year has had no material impact on the Group’s
     financial performance and positions for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated
     financial statements.
108       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

2.    APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
      (“HKFRSS”) (Continued)
      New and amendments to HKFRSs that have been Issued but not yet effective
      The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet
      effective:

      HKFRS 17 (including the October 2020 and Insurance Contracts 1
        February 2022 Amendments to HKFRS 17)
      Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28       Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate
                                                  or Joint Venture2
      Amendments to HKFRS 16                   Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback3
      Amendments to HKAS 1                     Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and
                                                  related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)3
      Amendments to HKAS 1 and                 Disclosure of Accounting Policies1
        HKFRS Practice Statement 2
      Amendments to HKAS 8                     Definition of Accounting Estimates1
      Amendments to HKAS 12                    Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction1

      1
              Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.
      2
              Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
      3
              Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024.


      The directors anticipate that the application of all other new and amendments to HKFRSs will have no material impact on
      the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.

3.    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      Basic of preparation
      The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below.
      These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.

      The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA. For the
      purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if such information is
      reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements
      include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
      Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

      The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain properties and
      financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting
      policies set out below.

      Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022      109


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Basic of preparation (Continued)
     Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
     market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using
     another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the
     characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the
     asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated
     financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope
     of HKFRS 2 Share-based Payment, leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 16, and
     measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in HKAS 2
     Inventories or value in use in HKAS 36 Impairment of Assets.

     In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on the
     degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value
     measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

     •     Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can
           access at the measurement date;

     •     Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability,
           either directly or indirectly; and

     •     Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

     Basis of consolidation
     The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled by the
     Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

     •     has power over the investee;

     •     is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

     •     has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

     The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to
     one or more of the three elements of control listed above.
110       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      Basis of consolidation (Continued)
      When the Group has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the investee when the voting
      rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee unilaterally. The Group
      considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether or not the Group’s voting rights in an investee are
      sufficient to give it power, including:

      •       the size of the Group’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the other vote holders;

      •       potential voting rights held by the Group,other vote holders or other parties;

      •       rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

      •       any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Group has, or does not have, the current ability to direct
              the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, including voting patterns at previous shareholders’
              meetings.

      Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses
      control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are
      included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains
      control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

      Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-
      controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the Company and to the
      non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

      When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies in line
      with the Group’s accounting policies.

      All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of
      the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

      Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which represent present
      ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon
      liquidation.
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2022       111


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Changes in the Group’s interests in existing subsidiaries
     Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the subsidiaries are
     accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant components of equity and the non-
     controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries, including re-attribution
     of relevant reserves between the Group and the non-controlling interests according to the Group’s and the non-controlling
     interests’ proportionate interests.

     Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and the fair value of the
     consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.

     When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the assets and liabilities of that subsidiary and non-controlling interests (if any)
     are derecognised. A gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss and is calculated as the difference between (i) the aggregate
     of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value of any retained interest and (ii) the carrying amount of the
     assets (including goodwill), and liabilities of the subsidiary attributable to the owners of the Company. All amounts
     previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary are accounted for as if the Group had
     directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities of the subsidiary (i.e. reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another
     category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable HKFRSs). The fair value of any investment retained in the former
     subsidiary at the date when control is lost is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for subsequent accounting
     under HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments or, when applicable, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or
     a joint venture.

     Optional concentration test
     The Group can elect to apply an optional concentration test, on a transaction-by-transaction basis, that permits a simplified
     assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not a business. The concentration test is met if substantially
     all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable
     assets. The gross assets under assessment exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred tax assets, and goodwill resulting
     from the effects of deferred tax liabilities. If the concentration test is met, the set of activities and assets is determined not to
     be a business and no further assessment is needed.
112       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      Business combinations
      A business is an integrated set of activities and assets which includes an input and a substantive process that together
      significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired processes are considered substantive if they are critical
      to the ability to continue producing outputs, including an organised workforce with the necessary skills, knowledge, or
      experience to perform the related processes or they significantly contribute to the ability to continue producing outputs
      and are considered unique or scarce or cannot be replaced without significant cost, effort, or delay in the ability to continue
      producing outputs.

      Acquisitions of businesses, other than business combination under common control are accounted for using the acquisition
      method. The consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of
      the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners
      of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related
      costs are generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

      For business combinations in which the acquisition date is on or after 1 January 2022, the identifiable assets acquired and
      liabilities assumed must meet the definitions of an asset and a liability in the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting
      2018 issued in June 2018 (the “Conceptual Framework”) except for transactions and events within the scope of HKAS 37 or
      HK(IFRIC)-Int 21, in which the Group applies HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)- Int 21 instead of the Conceptual Framework to identify
      the liabilities it has assumed in a business combination. Contingent assets are not recognised.

      At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair value, except
      that:

      •       deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are recognised and
              measured in accordance with HKAS 12 Income Taxes and HKAS 19 Employee Benefits respectively;

      •       liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or share-based payment
              arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree are measured
              in accordance with HKFRS 2 at the acquisition date (see the accounting policy below);

      •       assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with HKFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for
              Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that standard; and

      •       lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments (as defined in
              HKFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except for leases for which (a) the lease
              term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the underlying asset is of low value. Right-of-use assets are
              recognised and measured at the same amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or
              unfavourable terms of the lease when compared with market terms.

      Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests
      in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any) over the net
      amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as at acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net
      amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the
      amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in the
      acquiree (if any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2022      113


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Business combinations (Continued)
     Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of the
     relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially measured at the non-controlling interests’
     proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets or at fair value. The choice of
     measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis. Other types of non-controlling interests are measured at
     their fair value.

     When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes a contingent consideration
     arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its acquisition-date fair value and included as part of the
     consideration transferred in a business combination. Changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration that qualify
     as measurement period adjustments are adjusted retrospectively. Measurement period adjustments are adjustments that
     arise from additional information obtained during the “measurement period” (which cannot exceed one year from the
     acquisition date) about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.

     The subsequent accounting for the contingent consideration that do not qualify as measurement period adjustments
     depends on how the contingent consideration is classified. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not
     remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity. Contingent
     consideration that is classified as an asset or a liability is remeasured to fair value at subsequent reporting dates, with the
     corresponding gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss.

     When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree is
     remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date when the Group obtains control), and the resulting gain or loss,
     if any, is recognised in profit or loss or other comprehensive income, as appropriate. Amounts arising from interests in the
     acquiree prior to the acquisition date that have previously been recognised in other comprehensive income and measured
     under HKFRS 9 would be accounted for on the same basis as would be required if the Group had disposed directly of the
     previously held equity interest.

     If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the
     combination occurs, the Group reports provisional amounts for the items for which the accounting is incomplete. Those
     provisional amounts are adjusted retrospectively during the measurement period (see above), and additional assets or
     liabilities are recognised, to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition
     date that, if known, would have affected the amounts recognised at that date.

     Acquisition of a subsidiary not constituting a business
     When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a business, the Group identifies and
     recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating the purchase price first to right-of-
     use assets, intangible assets and property, plant and equipment which are subsequently measured under fair value model
     and financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective fair values, the remaining balance of the purchase price is then
     allocated to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis of their relative fair values at the date of purchase. Such a
     transaction does not give rise to goodwill or bargain purchase gain.
114    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      Goodwill
      Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of the business (see
      the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if any.


      For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units (or group of
      cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, which represent the lowest level
      at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

      A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment
      annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition in
      a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is
      tested for impairment before the end of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the
      impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro-rata
      basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of cash-generating units).

      On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group of cash-generating
      units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount of profit or loss on disposal. When
      the Group disposes of an operation within the cash-generating unit (or a cash-generating unit within a group of cash-
      generating units), the amount of goodwill disposed of is measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation (or
      the cash-generating unit) disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit (or the group of cash-generating units)
      retained.

      The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate and a joint venture is described below.

      Investments in associates
      An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in
      the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over those policies.

      The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in these consolidated financial statements using the
      equity method of accounting, The financial statements of associates used for equity accounting purposes are prepared
      using uniform accounting policies as those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances. The
      associate uses accounting policies that differ from those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar
      circumstances. Appropriate adjustments have been made to conform the associate’s accounting policies to those of the
      Group. Under the equity method, an investment in an associate is initially recognised in the consolidated statement of
      financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other
      comprehensive income of the associate. When the Group’s share of losses of an associate exceeds the Group’s interest in
      that associate (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net investment in the
      associate), the Group discontinues recognising its share of further losses. Additional losses are recognised only to the extent
      that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.

      An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the investee becomes an
      associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share
      of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within
      the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and
      liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in
      which the investment is acquired.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022      115


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Investments in associates (Continued)
     The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may be impaired. When any
     objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in
     accordance with HKAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less
     costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill,
     that forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance
     with HKAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.

     When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest
     in the investee with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. When the Group retains an interest in the
     former associate and the retained interest is a financial asset within the scope of HKFRS 9, the Group measures the retained
     interest at fair value at that date and the fair value is regarded as its fair value on initial recognition. The difference between
     the carrying amount of the associate and the fair value of any retained interest and any proceeds from disposing of the
     relevant interest in the associate is included in the determination of the gain or loss on disposal of the associate. In addition,
     the Group accounts for all amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that associate on
     the same basis as would be required if that associate had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. Therefore, if a
     gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income by that associate would be reclassified to profit or loss on
     the disposal of the related assets or liabilities, the Group reclassifies the gain or loss from equity to profit or loss (as a
     reclassification adjustment) upon disposal/partial disposal of the relevant associate.

     When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the transactions with the
     associate are recognised in the consolidated financial statements only to the extent of interests in the associate that are not
     related to the Group.

     Changes in the Group’s interests in associates
     The Group continues to use the equity method when an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint
     venture or an investment in a joint venture becomes an investment in an associate. There is no remeasurement to fair value
     upon such changes in ownership interests.

     When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate but the Group continues to use the equity method, the
     Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or loss that had previously been recognised in other
     comprehensive income relating to that reduction in ownership interest if that gain or loss would be reclassified to profit or
     loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities.
116       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      Revenue from contracts with customers
      The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of the goods or services
      underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

      A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series of distinct
      goods or services that are substantially the same.

      Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete
      satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

      •       the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the Group
              performs;

      •       the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or

      •       the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an
              enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

      Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or service.

      A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has
      transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in accordance with HKFRS 9. In contrast,
      a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before
      payment of that consideration is due.

      A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has
      received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

      A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and presented on a net basis.

      For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations, the Group allocates the transaction price to each
      performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2022      117


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Sale of goods
     Revenue from manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical preparations and medical devices, sales of biotechnology products
     and nutrition products and sales of specialised pharmaceutical raw materials and other products are recognised at point in
     time when carrier designated by the customer, or after the customer’s acceptance or after control transfer to customer. The
     credit period granted to customers by the Group is determined based on the characteristics of customers’ credit risk, which
     is consistent with industry practice and there is no significant financing component. The Group’s obligations to transfer
     goods to customers for consideration received or receivable from customers are shown as contract liabilities.

     Dividend income
     Dividend income from investments is recognised at point in time when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been
     established (provided that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Group and the amount of revenue can
     be measured reliably).

     Interest income
     Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset except
     for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit impaired financial assets, the effective interest rate
     is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after deduction of the loss allowance). Interest income is
     presented as “interest income” where it is mainly earned from financial assets that are held for cash management purposes.

     Rental income
     The Group’s accounting policy for recognition of revenue from operating leases is described in the accounting policy below.

     Leases
     Definition of a lease

     A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time
     in exchange for consideration.

     For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application of HKFRS 16 or arising from business
     combinations, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under HKFRS 16 at
     inception, modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and
     conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.
118       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      Leases (Continued)
      The Group as a lessee

      Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

      For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the Group
      allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the
      lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

      The Group applies practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease component, and instead account
      for the lease component and any associated non-lease components as a single lease component.

      Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

      The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from
      the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also applies the recognition exemption for lease of low-
      value assets. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-
      line basis or another systematic basis over the lease term.

      Right-of-use assets

      The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

      •       the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

      •       any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;

      •       any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

      •       an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets, restoring the site
              on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the
              lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce inventories.

      Except for those that are classified as investment properties and measured under fair value model, right-of-use assets are
      measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease
      liabilities.

      Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased assets at the end
      of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets are
      depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term.

      The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022   119


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Leases (Continued)
     The Group as a lessee (Continued)

     Refundable rental deposits

     Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments to fair value
     at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

     Lease liabilities

     At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the present value of lease
     payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental
     borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

     Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise:

     •     fixed lease payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;

     •     variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate, initially measured using the index or rate at the
           commencement date;

     •     the amount expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees;

     •     the exercise price of purchase options, if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise the options; and

     •     payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the exercise of an option to terminate the
           lease.

     After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

     The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use assets) whenever:

     •     the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option, in which case the
           related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the
           date of reassessment.

     •     the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review/expected payment
           under a guaranteed residual value, in which cases the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised
           lease payments using the initial discount rate.

     The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.
120       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      Leases (Continued)
      The Group as a lessee (Continued)

      Lease modifications

      The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

      •       the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying assets; and

      •       the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the standalone price for the increase in
              scope and any appropriate adjustments to that standalone price to reflect the circumstances of the particular
              contract.

      For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability, less any lease
      incentives receivable, based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a
      revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

      The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to the relevant right-
      of-use asset.

      When the modified contract contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the
      Group allocates the consideration in the modified contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone
      price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

      Changes in the basis for determining the future lease payments as a result of interest rate benchmark reform

      For changes in the basis for determining the future lease payments as a result of interest rate benchmark reform, the Group
      applies the practical expedient to remeasure the lease liabilities by discounting the revised lease payments using the
      unchanged discount rate, unless the change in lease payments results from a change in floating interest rates. In that case,
      the Group uses the revised discount rate that reflects change in the interest rate and makes a corresponding adjustment to
      the related right-of-use assets. A lease modification is required by interest rate benchmark reform if, and only if, both of
      these conditions are met:

      •       the modification is necessary as a direct consequence of interest rate benchmark reform; and

      •       the new basis for determining the lease payments is economically equivalent to the previous basis (i.e. the basis
              immediately preceding the modification).

      If lease modifications are made in addition to those lease modifications required by interest rate benchmark reform, the
      Group applies the applicable requirements in HKFRS 16 (see the accounting policy above) to account for all lease
      modifications made at the same time, including those required by interest rate benchmark reform.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022      121


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Leases (Continued)
     The Group as a lessee (Continued)

     Covid-19-related rent concessions

     In relation to rent concessions that occurred as a direct consequence of the Covid-19 pandemic, the Group has elected to
     apply the practical expedient not to assess whether the change is a lease modification if all of the following conditions are
     met:

     •     the change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the lease that is substantially the same as, or less
           than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change;

     •     any reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before 30 June 2022; and

     •     there is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease.

     A lessee applying the practical expedient accounts for changes in lease payments resulting from rent concessions the same
     way it would account for the changes applying HKFRS 16 if the changes are not a lease modification. Forgiveness or waiver
     of lease payments are accounted for as variable lease payments. The related lease liabilities are adjusted to reflect the
     amounts forgiven or waived with a corresponding adjustment recognised in the profit or loss in the period in which the
     event occurs.

     The Group as a lessor

     Classification and measurement of leases

     Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. Whenever the terms of the lease transfer
     substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to the lessee, the contract is classified
     as a finance lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases.

     Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognised as receivables at commencement date at amounts equal to
     net investments in the leases, measured using the interest rate implicit in the respective leases. Initial direct costs (other
     than those incurred by manufacturer or dealer lessors) are included in the initial measurement of the net investments in the
     leases./Initial direct costs for leases in which the Group is the manufacturer or dealer lessor are recognised in costs of sales at
     the commencement date of the finance leases. Interest income is allocated to accounting periods so as to reflect a constant
     periodic rate of return on the Group’s net investment outstanding in respect of the leases.

     Rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease.
     Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased
     asset, and such costs are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term except for investment
     properties measured under fair value model. Variable lease payments for operating leases that depend on an index or a rate
     are estimated and included in the total lease payments to be recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Variable
     lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income when they arise. When a lease contract
     contains a specific clause that provides for rent reduction or suspension of rent in the event that the underlying assets (or
     any part thereof) are affected by adverse events beyond the control of the Group and the lessee so as to render the
     underlying assets unfit or not available for use, the relevant rent reduction or suspension of rent resulting from the specific
     clause is accounted for as part of the original lease and not as a lease modification. Such rent reduction or suspension of
     rent is recognised in profit or loss in the period in which the event or condition that triggers those payments to occur.
122    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      Leases (Continued)
      The Group as a lessor (Continued)

      Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

      When a contract includes both leases and non-lease components, the Group applies HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with
      Customers to allocate consideration in a contract to lease and non-lease components. Non-lease components are separated
      from lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone selling prices.

      Refundable rental deposits

      Refundable rental deposits received are accounted for under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments to fair
      value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments from lessees.

      Sublease

      When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for the head lease and the sublease as two separate contracts. The
      sublease is classified as a finance or operating lease by reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease, not
      with reference to the underlying asset.

      Lease modification

      Changes in considerations of lease contracts that were not part of the original terms and conditions are accounted for as
      lease modifications, including lease incentives provided through forgiveness or reduction of rentals.

      The Group accounts for a modification to an operating lease as a new lease from the effective date of the modification,
      considering any prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to the original lease as part of the lease payments for the new
      lease.

      Foreign currencies
      In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the functional
      currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchanges prevailing on the dates of the
      transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the
      rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are
      retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. When a fair value gain or loss on a non-
      monetary item is recognised in profit or loss, any exchange component of that gain or loss is also recognised in profit or
      loss. When a fair value gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in other comprehensive income, any exchange
      component of that gain or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income. Non-monetary items that are measured
      in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

      Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items, are
      recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise, except for exchange differences on monetary items receivable
      from or payable to a foreign operation for which settlement is neither planned nor likely to occur (therefore forming part of
      the net investment in the foreign operation), which are recognised initially in other comprehensive income and reclassified
      from equity to profit or loss on disposal or partial disposal of the Group’s interests in associates.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2022      123


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Foreign currencies (Continued)
     For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s operations are
     translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. HK$) using exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting
     period. Income and expenses items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates
     fluctuate significantly during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the date of transactions are used. Exchange
     differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the heading of
     translation reserve (attributed to non-controlling interests as appropriate).

     On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in a foreign operation, or a disposal
     involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, or a partial disposal of an interest in a joint
     arrangement or an associate that includes a foreign operation of which the retained interest becomes a financial asset), all
     of the exchange differences accumulated in equity in respect of that operation attributable to the owners of the Company
     are reclassified to profit or loss.

     In addition, in relation to a partial disposal of a subsidiary that does not result in the Group losing control over the subsidiary,
     the proportionate share of accumulated exchange differences are re-attributed to non-controlling interests and are not
     recognised in profit or loss. For all other partial disposals (i.e. partial disposals of associates or joint arrangements that do not
     result in the Group losing significant influence or joint control), the proportionate share of the accumulated exchange
     differences is reclassified to profit or loss.

     Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an acquisition of a foreign operation are
     treated as assets and liabilities of that foreign operation and translated at the rate of exchange prevailing at the end of each
     reporting period. Exchange differences arising are recognised in other comprehensive income.

     Borrowing costs
     All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

     Government grants
     Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions
     attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

     Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group recognises as
     expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Specifically, government grants whose primary
     condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire non-current assets are recognised as deferred
     income/a deduction from the carrying amount of the relevant asset in the consolidated statement of financial position and
     transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related assets.

     Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the
     purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised in profit or loss in
     the period in which they become receivable. Such grants are presented under “other revenue and income”.

     The benefit of a government loan at a below-market rate of interest is treated as a government grant, measured as the
     difference between proceeds received and the fair value of the loan based on prevailing market interest rates.
124    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      Taxation
      Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

      The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit/(loss) before tax because of
      income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s
      liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the
      reporting period.

      Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the
      consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax
      liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all
      deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those
      deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary
      difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction
      that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the
      temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.

      Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and
      associates, and interests in joint ventures, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference
      and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from
      deductible temporary differences associated with such investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is
      probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and
      they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

      The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it
      is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the liability
      is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the
      end of the reporting period.

      The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in
      which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and
      liabilities.

      For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for investment properties that are measured using the fair value model, the
      carrying amounts of such properties are presumed to be recovered entirely through sale, unless the presumption is
      rebutted. The presumption is rebutted when the investment property is depreciable and is held within a business model
      whose objective is to consume substantially all of the economic benefits embodied in the investment property over time,
      rather than through sale, except for freehold land, which is always presumed to be recovered entirely through sale.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022      125


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Taxation (Continued)
     For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies HKAS 12
     requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately. Temporary differences on initial recognition of the
     relevant right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are not recognised due to application of the initial recognition exemption.
     Temporary differences arising from subsequent revision to the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities,
     resulting from remeasurement of lease liabilities and lease modifications, that are not subject to initial recognition
     exemption are recognised on the date of remeasurement or modification.

     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against
     current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

     Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised in other
     comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also recognised in other
     comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting
     for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.

     In assessing any uncertainty over income tax treatments, the Group considers whether it is probable that the relevant tax
     authority will accept the uncertain tax treatment used, or proposed to be use by individual group entities in their income
     tax filings. If it is probable, the current and deferred taxes are determined consistently with the tax treatment in the income
     tax filings. If it is not probable that the relevant taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment, the effect of each
     uncertainty is reflected by using either the most likely amount or the expected value.

     Property, plant and equipment
     Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of goods or services, or
     for administrative purposes. Property, plant and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at
     cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.

     Freehold lands are not depreciated and are measured at cost less subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

     Properties in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are carried at cost, less any
     recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition
     necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management, including costs of testing whether the
     related assets is functioning properly and, for qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalised in accordance with the Group’s
     accounting policy. Sale proceeds of items that are produced while bringing an item of property, plant and equipment to the
     location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management (such as samples
     produced when testing whether the asset is functioning properly), and the related costs of producing those items are
     recognised in the profit or loss. The cost of those items are measured in accordance with the measurement requirements of
     HKAS 2. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets are ready for
     their intended use.
126    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      Ownership interests in leasehold land and building
      When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which includes both leasehold land and building
      elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the building elements in proportion to the
      relative fair values at initial recognition. To the extent the allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably, interest
      in leasehold land is presented as “right-of-use assets” in the consolidated statement of financial position except for those
      that are classified and accounted for as investment properties under the fair value model. When the consideration cannot
      be allocated reliably between non-lease building element and undivided interest in the underlying leasehold land, the
      entire properties are classified as property, plant and equipment.

      Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets other than freehold land and properties under construction
      less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives, residual
      values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in
      estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

      An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected
      to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property,
      plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and
      is recognised in profit or loss.

      Investment properties
      Investment properties are properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation.

      Investment properties also include leased properties which are being recognised as right-of-use assets and subleased by the
      Group under operating leases.

      Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including any directly attributable expenditure. Subsequent to initial
      recognition, investment properties are measured at fair value, adjusted to exclude any prepaid or accrued operating lease
      income.

      Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of investment properties are included in profit or loss for the period in
      which they arise.

      Construction costs incurred for investment properties under construction are capitalised as part of the carrying amount of
      the investment properties under construction.

      An investment property is derecognised upon disposal or when the investment property is permanently withdrawn from
      use and no future economic benefits are expected from its disposal. A leased property which is recognised as a right-of-use
      asset is derecognised if the Group as intermediate lessor classifies the sublease as a finance lease. Any gain or loss arising on
      derecognition of the property (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of
      the asset) is included in profit or loss in the period in which the property is derecognised.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2022   127


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Intangible assets
     Intangible assets acquired separately

     Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less accumulated amortisation and
     any accumulated impairment losses/revalued amounts, being their fair value at the date of the revaluation less subsequent
     accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets with finite useful lives
     is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are
     reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a
     prospective basis. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less any
     subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

     Internally-generated intangible assets — research and development expenditure

     Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

     An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development phase of an internal
     project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:

     •     the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;

     •     the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

     •     the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;

     •     how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;

     •     the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use or sell
           the intangible asset; and

     •     the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development.

     The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure incurred from the
     date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no internally-generated intangible
     asset can be recognised, development expenditure is recognised in profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.

     Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less accumulated amortisation
     and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately.
128    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      Intangible assets acquired in a business combination
      Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and are initially recognised at
      their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

      Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite useful lives are reported
      at costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses/revalued amounts, being their fair value at
      the date of the revaluation less subsequent accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses, on the same
      basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately. Intangible assets acquired in a business combination with indefinite
      useful lives are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

      An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from use or disposal.
      Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the difference between the net disposal
      proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.

      Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets other than
      goodwill
      At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and equipment, right-of-
      use assets, intangible assets with finite useful lives to determine whether there is any indication that these assets have
      suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order
      to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and intangible assets not
      yet available for use are tested for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an indication that they may be
      impaired.

      The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, and intangible assets are estimated
      individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group estimates the recoverable
      amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

      In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant cash-generating unit when a
      reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of
      cash generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be established. The recoverable amount is
      determined for the cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is
      compared with the carrying amount of the relevant cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units.

      Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated
      future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments
      of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a cash-generating unit) for which the estimates of future
      cash flows have not been adjusted.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022     129


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets other than
     goodwill (Continued)
     If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the
     carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. For corporate assets or
     portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis to a cash-generating unit, the
     Group compares the carrying amount of a group of cash-generating units, including the carrying amounts of the corporate
     assets or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group of cash-generating units, with the recoverable amount of the
     group of cash-generating units. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the
     carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying
     amount of each asset in the unit or the group of cash-generating units. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced
     below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The
     amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other
     assets of the unit or the group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss,
     unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount under another standard, in which case the impairment loss is
     treated as a revaluation decrease under that standard.

     Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit or a group of
     cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying
     amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised
     for the asset (or a cash-generating unit or a group of cash-generating units) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is
     recognised immediately in profit or loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount under another standard, in
     which case the reversal of the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation increase under that standard.

     Inventories
     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are determined on a weighted
     average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less all estimated costs of
     completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly
     attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the sale.

     Cash and cash equivalents
     Cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of financial position include:

     (a)   cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits, excluding bank balances that are subject to regulatory
           restrictions that result in such balances no longer meeting the definition of cash; and

     (b)   cash equivalents, which comprises of short-term (generally with original maturity of three months or less), highly
           liquid investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and which are subject to an insignificant
           risk of changes in value and restricted deposits arising from pre-sale of properties that are held for meeting short-term
           cash commitments. Cash equivalents are held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather than
           for investment or other purposes.
130    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      Cash and cash equivalents (Continued)
      For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and cash
      equivalents as defined above, net of outstanding bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an integral part
      of the Group’s cash management. Such overdrafts are presented as short-term borrowings in the consolidated statement of
      financial position.

      Provisions
      Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is
      probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the
      obligation.

      The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at
      the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. When a
      provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present
      value of those cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is material).

      When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered from a third party, a
      receivable is recognised as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will be received and the amount of the
      receivable can be measured reliably.

      Employee benefits
      Retirement benefit costs

      Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered
      service entitling them to the contributions.

      For defined benefit retirement benefit plans, the cost of providing benefits is determined using the projected unit credit
      method, with actuarial valuations being carried out at the end of each annual reporting period. In determining the present
      value of the Group’s defined benefit obligations and the related current service cost and, where applicable, past service cost,
      the Group attributes benefit to periods of service under the plan’s benefit formula. However, if an employee’s service in later
      years will lead to a materially higher level of benefit than earlier years, the Group attributes the benefit on a straight-line
      basis from:

      (a)   the date when service by the employee first leads to benefits under the plan (whether or not the benefits are
            conditional on further service) until

      (b)   the date when further service by the employee will lead to no material amount of further benefits under the plan,
            other than from further salary increases.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022      131


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Employee benefits (Continued)
     Retirement benefit costs (Continued)

     Remeasurement, comprising actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the changes to the asset ceiling (if applicable) and the
     return on plan assets (excluding interest), is reflected immediately in the consolidated statement of financial position with a
     charge or credit recognised in other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur. Remeasurement recognised
     in other comprehensive income is reflected immediately in retained earnings and will not be reclassified to profit or loss.

     Past service cost is recognised in profit or loss in the period of a plan amendment or curtailment and a gain or loss on
     settlement is recognised when settlement occurs. When determining past service cost, or a gain or loss on settlement, an
     entity shall remeasure the net defined benefit liability or asset using the current fair value of plan assets and current actuarial
     assumptions, reflecting the benefits offered under the plan and the plan assets before and after the plan amendment,
     curtailment or settlement, without considering the effect of asset ceiling (i.e. the present value of any economic benefits
     available in the form of refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan).

     Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate at the beginning of the period to the net defined benefit liability or
     asset. However, if the Group remeasures the net defined benefit liability or asset before plan amendment, curtailment or
     settlement, the Group determines net interest for the remainder of the annual reporting period after the plan amendment,
     curtailment or settlement using the benefits offered under the plan and the plan assets after the plan amendment,
     curtailment or settlement and the discount rate used to remeasure such net defined benefit liability or asset, taking into
     account any changes in the net defined benefit liability or asset during the period resulting from contributions or benefit
     payments.

     Defined benefit costs are categorised as follows:

     •     service cost (including current service cost, past service cost, as well as gains and losses on curtailments and
           settlements);

     •     net interest expense or income; and

     •     remeasurement.
132       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      Employee benefits (Continued)
      Retirement benefit costs (Continued)

      The retirement benefit obligation recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position represents the actual deficit
      or surplus in the Group’s defined benefit plans. Any surplus resulting from this calculation is limited to the present value of
      any economic benefits available in the form of refunds from the plans or reductions in future contributions to the plans.

      Discretionary contributions made by employees or third parties reduce service cost upon payment of these contributions to
      the plan.

      When the formal terms of the plans specify that there will be contributions from employees or third parties, the accounting
      depends on whether the contributions are linked to service, as follows:

      •       If the contributions are not linked to services (for example contributions are required to reduce a deficit arising from
              losses on plan assets or from actuarial losses), they are reflected in the remeasurement of the net defined benefit
              liability or asset.

      •       If contributions are linked to services, they reduce service costs. For the amount of contribution that is dependent on
              the number of years of service, the Group reduces service cost by attributing the contributions to periods of service
              using the attribution method required by HKAS 19 paragraph 70 for the gross benefits. For the amount of contribution
              that is independent of the number of years of service, the Group reduces service cost in the period in which the
              related service is rendered/reduces service cost by attributing contributions to the employees’ periods of service in
              accordance with HKAS 19 paragraph 70.

      Short-term and other long-term employee benefits

      Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid as and when
      employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense unless another HKFRS
      requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

      A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries, annual leave and sick leave) after
      deducting any amount already paid.

      Liabilities recognised in respect of other long-term employee benefits are measured at the present value of the estimated
      future cash outflows expected to be made by the Group in respect of services provided by employees up to the reporting
      date. Any changes in the liabilities’ carrying amounts resulting from service cost, interest and remeasurements are
      recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that another HKFRS requires or permits their inclusion in the cost of an asset.
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022       133


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Employee benefits (Continued)
     Termination benefits

     A liability for a termination benefit is recognised at the earlier of when the Group entity can no longer withdraw the offer of
     the termination benefit and when it recognises any related restructuring costs.

     Financial instruments
     Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of
     the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis.
     Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame
     established by regulation or convention in the market place.

     Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising from contracts
     with customers which are initially measured in accordance with HKFRS 15. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to
     the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value
     through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as
     appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial
     liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

     The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability and of
     allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly
     discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral
     part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the
     financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

     Interest/dividend income (others to specify) which are derived from the Group’s ordinary course of business are presented
     as revenue.

     Financial assets

     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

     Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

     •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and

     •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on
           the principal amount outstanding.
134       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      Financial instruments (Continued)
      Financial assets (Continued)

      Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)

      Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other comprehensive
      income (“FVTOCI”):

      •       the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and collecting
              contractual cash flows; and

      •       the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on
              the principal amount outstanding.

      All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial recognition of a financial asset the Group
      may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in other comprehensive income if
      that equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business
      combination to which HKFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.

      A financial asset is classified as held for trading if:

      •       it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

      •       on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages together and
              has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit taking; or

      •       it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

      In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at the amortised cost or
      FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.

      Amortised cost and interest income

      Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently at amortised
      cost and debt instruments/receivables subsequently measured at FVTOCI. Interest income is calculated by applying the
      effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently
      become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is
      recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period.
      If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired,
      interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from
      the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022      135


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Financial instruments (Continued)
     Financial assets (Continued)

     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)

     Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI

     Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from
     changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve; and are not
     subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the
     equity investments, and will be transferred to retained profits.

     Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s right to receive
     the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the investment.
     Dividends are included in the “other revenue and income” line item in profit or loss.

     Financial assets at FVTPL

     Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or designated as FVTOCI are
     measured at FVTPL.

     Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair value gains or losses
     recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss includes any dividend or interest earned on the
     financial asset and is included in the “fair value change on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss” line item.

     Impairment of financial assets

     The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial assets (including trade
     and other receivables, loan receivables, pledge bank deposits, amount due from related companies and cash and cash
     equivalents), which are subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting
     date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

     Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the relevant
     instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from
     default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessments are done based on the Group’s
     historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an
     assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.

     For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless there has been a significant
     increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether
     lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial
     recognition.
136       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      Financial instruments (Continued)
      Financial assets (Continued)

      Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

      Significant increase in credit risk

      In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of a
      default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial
      instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and
      qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information
      that is available without undue cost or effort.

      In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased significantly:

      •       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or internal credit
              rating;

      •       significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in the credit spread, the
              credit default swap prices for the debtor;

      •       existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a
              significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

      •       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

      •       an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological environment of the
              debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.

      Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has increased significantly
      since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and
      supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

      The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a significant increase
      in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in
      credit risk before the amount becomes past due.

      Definition of default

      For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information developed internally
      or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full
      (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).


      Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than 90 days past
      due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is
      more appropriate.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022     137


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Financial instruments (Continued)
     Financial assets (Continued)

     Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

     Credit-impaired financial assets

     A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash
     flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about
     the following events:

     (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

     (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

     (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial difficulty, having
           granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider;

     (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;

     (e)   the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties; or

     (f)   the purchase or origination of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects the incurred credit losses.

     Write-off policy

     The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe financial
     difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the counterparty has been placed under
     liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of trade receivables, when the amounts are over 1
     years past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the
     Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition
     event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.

     Measurement and recognition of ECL

     The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is
     a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based on
     historical data and forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount
     that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

     Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the
     contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial
     recognition.
138       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      Financial instruments (Continued)
      Financial assets (Continued)

      Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

      Measurement and recognition of ECL (Continued)

      For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics when formulating the grouping:

      •       Past-due status;

      •       Nature, size and industry of debtors; and

      •       External credit ratings where available.

      The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue to share similar
      credit risk characteristics.

      Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset is credit-
      impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of the financial asset.

      The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting their carrying
      amount, with the exception of trade and other receivables, loan receivables and amount due from related companies where
      the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.

      Financial liabilities and equity

      Classification as debt or equity

      Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of the
      contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

      Equity instruments

      An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its
      liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

      Perpetual instruments, which include no contractual obligation for the Group to deliver cash or other financial assets or the
      Group has the sole discretion to defer payment of distribution and redemption of principal amount indefinitely are classified
      as equity instruments.

      Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity. No gain or loss is
      recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own equity instruments.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022   139


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Financial instruments (Continued)
     Financial liabilities and equity (Continued)

     Financial liabilities

     All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method or at FVTPL.

     Financial liabilities at amortised cost

     Financial liabilities (including bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities, trade payables, accruals and other payables,
     amounts due to related companies and amount due to the immediate holding company) are subsequently measured at
     amortised cost, using the effective interest method.

     Derecognition of financial assets and liabilities

     The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when it
     transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity. If the
     Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the
     transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have
     to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group
     continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.

     On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and
     the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

     On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition to measure at
     FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is
     transferred to retained earnings.

     The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged, cancelled or have
     expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and
     payable is recognised in the profit or loss.

     Derivative financial instruments

     Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date when derivative contracts are entered into and are subsequently
     remeasured to their fair value at the end of the reporting period. The resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.
140     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      Related parties
      A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

      (i)    A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

             (a)   has control or joint control over the Group;

             (b)   has significant influence over the Group; or

             (c)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group.

      (ii)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

             (a)   the entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow
                   subsidiary is related to the others);

             (b)   one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of the
                   group of which the other entity is a member);

             (c)   both entities are joint ventures of the same third party;

             (d)   one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;

             (e)   the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity
                   related to the Group;

             (f)   the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (i);

             (g)   A person identified in (i) (a) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management
                   personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

             (h)   the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the
                   Group or to the Group’s parent.

      Close family members of an individual are those family members who may be expected to influence, or he influence by, that
      person in their dealing with the and include:

      (a)    that person’s children and spouse or domestic partner;

      (b)    children of that person’s spouse or domestic partner; and

      (c)    dependants of the person or that person’s spouse or domestic partner.

      A transaction is considered to be a related party transaction when there is a transfer of resources or obligations between
      related parties.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022     141


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

3.   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Segment reporting
     Operating segments and the amounts of each segment item reported in the consolidated financial statements are identified
     from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s top management for the purposes of allocating resources
     to and assessing the performance of the Group’s various lines of business.

     Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the segments have
     similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of business activities.

     Segment revenue, expenses, results and assets include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those that can be
     allocated on a reasonable basis to that segment, but exclude exceptional items. Segment capital expenditure is the total
     cost incurred during the year to acquire segment assets (both tangible and intangible) that are expected to be used for
     more than one year. Corporate portions of expenses and assets mainly comprise corporate administrative and financing
     expenses and corporate financial assets respectively.

     Share-based payments
     Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

     Shares/Share options granted to employees

     Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured at the fair value of
     the equity instruments at the grant date.

     The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without taking into consideration all
     non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of
     equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (share-based payments reserve). At the
     end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest based on
     assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is
     recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment
     to the share-based payments reserve.

     Cash-settled share-based payment transactions

     For cash-settled share-based payments, a liability is recognised for the goods or services acquired, measured initially at the
     fair value of the liability. The fair value of the cash-settled share-based payments is determined without taking into
     consideration all non-market vesting conditions.

     At the end of each reporting period until the liability is settled, and at the date of settlement, the liability is remeasured to
     fair value. For cash-settled share-based payments that are already vested, any changes in fair value are recognised in profit
     or loss for the year. For cash-settled share-based payments which are still subject to non-market vesting conditions, the
     effects of vesting and non-vesting conditions are accounted on the same basis as equity-settled share-based payments.
142    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
      In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the directors of the Company are
      required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not
      readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions are based on historical experience and
      other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

      The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
      recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the
      revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

      Critical judgements in applying accounting policies
      The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that management has made
      in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have the most significant effect on the amounts
      recognised in the consolidated financial statement.

      Valuation of inventories

      Valuation of inventories is stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value at the end of the reporting period. Net
      realisable value is determined on the basis of the estimated selling price less the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
      The directors estimate the net realisable value for raw materials and finished goods based primarily on the latest invoice
      prices and current market conditions. In addition, the directors perform an inventory review on a product by product basis
      at the end of each reporting period and assess the need for write down of inventories.

      Significant influence over individual company

      Note 20 describes that Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd. is an associate of the Group although the Group has 57.98% ownership
      interest in Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd as at 31 December 2022. At the beginning of the year, the Group had 56.84%
      interest in Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd and the remaining 43.16% of shareholdings were owned by CDH Genetech that is a
      related party of the Group. During the year ended 31 December 2022, additional effective interest of 1.14% was gained by
      the Group. Details of Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd. are set out in note 20.

      Note 20 describes that Shanghai Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Company Limited is an associate of the Group although the
      Group has 55% ownership interest in Shanghai Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Company Limited. The Group has a 55%
      ownership in Shanghai Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Company Limited since September 2018; another 45% of
      shareholdings are owned by another shareholder that are unrelated to the Group. Details of Shanghai Xudong Haipu
      Pharmaceutical Company Limited are set out in note 20.

      The directors of the Company assessed whether the Group has control over Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd. and Shanghai
      Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Company Limited (the “Associates”) based on whether the Group controls these Associates
      when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the Associates and has the ability to affect
      those returns through its power over the Associates. As such, the classification of the entity as a subsidiary, a joint venture, a
      joint operation, an associate or a cost investment might require the application of judgement through the analysis of various
      indicators, such as the percentage of ownership interest held in the entity, the representation on the entity’s board of
      directors and various other factors including, if relevant, the Group’s representation on the chief decision-making authorities
      of an entity, such as board of directors’ meetings and shareholders’ meetings, as well as other facts and circumstances. After
      assessment, the directors of the Company concluded that the Group does not have sufficiently dominant voting interest to
      direct the relevant activities of Associates and therefore the Group does not have control over Associates.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022    143


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
     (Continued)

     Key sources of estimation uncertainty
     The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of
     the reporting period that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and
     liabilities within the next financial year.

     Impairment of goodwill

     Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the value in use of the cash-generating units to which
     goodwill has been allocated. The value in use calculation requires the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected to
     be arisen from the cash-generating unit and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value.

     The carrying amount of goodwill as at 31 December 2022 was approximately HK$644,047,000 (2021: HK$596,746,000). An
     impairment loss of approximately HK$36,442,000 (2021: Nil) was recognised for the year. Details of the impairment
     assessment are disclosed in note 21.

     Impairment of intangible assets

     The Group performs annual tests on whether there is impairment of intangible assets in accordance with the accounting
     policy. The recoverable amounts are determined based on value in use calculations. These calculations require the use of
     estimates and assumptions made by management on the future operation of the business, post-tax discount rates, and
     other assumptions underlying the calculation.

     The carrying amount of intangible assets as at 31 December 2022 was approximately HK$1,397,992,000 (2021:
     HK$1,009,764,000). Detailed information is disclosed in note 23.

     Provision of ECL for trade and other receivables, loan receivables and amounts due from related companies

     The Group uses three-stage model to calculate ECL for the trade and other receivables, loan receivables and amounts due
     from related companies. The provision rates are based on internal credit ratings as groupings of various debtors that have
     similar loss patterns. The three-stage model is based on the Group’s historical default rates taking into consideration
     forward-looking information that is reasonable, supportable and available without undue costs or effort. At every reporting
     date, the historical observed default rates are reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information are considered. In
     addition, trade and other receivables, loan receivables and amounts due from related companies with significant balances
     and credit impaired are assessed for ECL individually.

     The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. The information about the ECL and the Group’s trade and other
     receivables, loan receivables and amounts due from related companies are disclosed in notes 5(b)(iv), 19, 28 and 34.
144    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
      (Continued)

      Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
      Income tax and deferred tax

      The Group is subject to income taxes in several jurisdictions. There are certain transactions and calculations for which the
      ultimate tax determination may be uncertain. The Group recognises liabilities for anticipated tax issues based on estimates
      of whether additional taxes will be due. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that
      were initially recorded, such differences will impact the current and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such
      determination is made.

      Estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets

      The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation/amortisation charges for its
      property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets. This estimate is based on the historical experience
      of the actual useful lives of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets of similar nature and
      functions. It could change significantly as a result of technical innovations and competitor actions in response to market
      conditions. Management will increase the depreciation/amortisation charge where useful lives are less than previously
      estimated lives, or it will write-off or write-down technically obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been abandoned or
      sold.

      The patents, trademarks and capitalised development costs are considered by the management of the Group as having an
      indefinite useful life because it is expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely.

      The intangible asset will not be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite. Instead it will be tested for
      impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that it may be impaired.

      During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group did not change the estimated useful lives of property, plant and
      equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets.

      Impairment test for interests in associates

      The Group completed its annual impairment test for interests in associates by comparing the recoverable amount of
      interests in associates to its carrying amount as at 31 December 2022. The Group has engaged the independent external
      valuer to carry out a valuation of the interests in associates as at 31 December 2022 based on the value in use calculations.
      The valuations use cash flow projections based on the financial estimates covering a five-year period, and post-tax discount
      rates ranged from 15.1% to 33.3%. The cash flows beyond the five-year period and ten years period are extrapolated using a
      steady 2.0% to 3.0% growth rate for the pharmaceutical industries in which are operated by associates.

      Fair value measurement of equity instruments at FVTOCI

      As at 31 December 2022, the Group held equity instruments of FVTOCI with carrying amounts of approximately
      HK$567,320,000 (2021: HK$145,685,000). A certain of these equity instruments carrying amounting to HK$542,477,000 (2021:
      HK$145,685,000) do not have a quoted market price in an active market are measured at fair value with fair value being
      determined based on significant unobservable inputs using valuation techniques. Judgement and estimation are required
      in establishing the relevant valuation techniques and the relevant inputs thereof. Changes in assumptions relating to these
      factors could result in material adjustments to the fair value of these instruments. See note 5(b)(vi) for further disclosures.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022     145


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
     (a)   Categories of financial instruments

                                                                                                     2022                 2021
                                                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000


           Financial assets
           Equity Instruments at FVTOCI                                                             567,320             145,685
           Financial assets at FVTPL                                                              1,038,582           1,112,968
           Financial asset at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents)
              — Trade and other receivables                                                       2,104,469           1,959,398
              — Loan receivables                                                                          –             113,190
              — Amounts due from related companies                                                   33,747              13,320
              — Pledged bank deposits                                                                 1,357               7,645
              — Cash and cash equivalents                                                         1,444,014           1,752,860

                                                                                                  5,189,489           5,105,066
           Derivative financial instrument at fair value                                             31,370                   –

                                                                                                  5,220,859           5,105,066

           Financial liabilities
           At amortised costs
             — Trade and other payables                                                           2,389,926           2,678,013
             — Bank and other borrowings                                                          4,405,414           3,626,541
             — Lease liabilities                                                                     69,868              19,034
             — Amounts due to related companies                                                      22,670               4,831
             — Amount due to the immediate holding company                                            2,331               2,331

                                                                                                  6,890,209           6,330,750
           Derivative financial instrument at fair value                                                  –               8,350

                                                                                                  6,890,209           6,339,100


     (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies
           The Group’s major financial instruments include equity instruments at FVTOCI, financial asset at FVTPL, trade and other
           receivables, loan receivables, amounts due from related companies, pledged bank deposits, cash and cash
           equivalents, trade and other payables, bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities, amounts due to related companies,
           amount due to the immediate holding company and derivative financial instrument at fair value. Details of these
           financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes. The risks associated with these financial instruments and the
           policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management manages and monitors these exposures
           to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.
146    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

5.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            i.   Currency risk

                 The Group’s presentation currency is HK$, however, the Group major subsidiaries’ functional currency are RMB
                 in which most of the transactions are denominated. The functional currency is also used to settle expenses for
                 the PRC operations. Certain trade and other receivables, cash and cash equivalents, trade and other payables,
                 bank and other borrowings are denominated in foreign currencies of United State dollars (“USD”). Such USD
                 denominated financial assets and liabilities are exposed to fluctuations in the value of RMB against USD.

                 The Group currently does not have any USD hedging policy but the management monitors USD exchange
                 exposure and will consider hedging significant USD exposure should the need arise.

                 Sensitivity analysis

                 The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a reasonably possible change of 10% (2021: 10%) in
                 exchange rate of USD against RMB while all other variables are held constant. 10% (2021: 10%) is the sensitivity
                 rate used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to key management personnel and represents
                 management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis
                 includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the
                 end of each reporting period for a 10% (2021: 10%) change in foreign currency rates.


                                                                                                    2022                 2021
                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000


                 Increase/(decrease) in profit for the year
                    — if USD weakens against of RMB                                                (17,511)             (15,960)
                    — if USD strengthens against of RMB                                             17,511               15,960


                 A change of 10% (2021: 10%) in exchange rate of USD against RMB does not affect other components of equity
                 except the translation reserve.

                 The carrying amounts of the foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities at the
                 reporting date are as follows:


                                                                                                    2022                 2021
                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000


                 USD
                   — Trade and other receivables                                                   141,843             153,581
                   — Loan receivables                                                                    –             113,190
                   — Cash and cash equivalents                                                     121,402             111,744
                   — Trade and other payables                                                       (8,729)             (9,452)
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022      147


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           ii.   Interest rate risk

                 The Group has variable-rate interest-bearing assets and liabilities including pledged bank deposits, bank
                 balances and bank and other borrowings and is therefore exposed to cash flow interest rate risk. In addition, the
                 Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed rate borrowing and lease liabilities. Details of
                 these financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes. The Group currently does not have interest rate
                 hedging policy. However, the management of the Group monitors interest rate exposure and will consider
                 hedging significant interest rate exposure should the need arise. The Group’s interest rate risk is mainly
                 concentrated on the fluctuation of variable-rates borrowings and People’s Bank of China Loan Prime Rate
                 borrowings as detailed in note 32.

                 Sensitivity analysis

                 The sensitivity analysis below is prepared assuming the financial instruments outstanding at the end of the
                 reporting period were outstanding for the whole year. A 100 basis point (2021: 100 basis points) increase or
                 decrease is used when reporting interest rate risk internally to key management personnel and represents
                 management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rates.

                 If the interest rates had been increased/decreased by 100 basis points (2021: 100 basic points) at the beginning
                 of the year and all other variables were held constant, the Group’s profit after tax and retained profits would
                 increase/decrease by approximately HK$13,756,000 (2021: increase/decrease by approximately HK$461,000).
                 The assumed changes have no impact on the Group’s other components of equity. This is mainly attributable to
                 the Group’s exposure with respect to interest rate on its variable-interest rate bank deposits and bank and other
                 borrowings.

                 Derivatives

                 As of 31 December 2022, the Group has not moved any existing contracts to alternative benchmark rates. The
                 Group’s USD LIBOR-linked financial instruments that need to be but have yet to be transitioned to alternative
                 benchmark rates as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 are as below:

                 —     a carrying amount of HK$664,031,000 (2021: HK$777,256,000) of variable rate interest-bearing liabilities
                       referenced to 6-month USD LIBOR;
148    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

5.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            ii.    Interest rate risk (Continued)

                   Managing interest rate benchmark reform and associated risks

                   A fundamental reform of major interest rate benchmarks has been undertaken globally, including the
                   replacement of some interbank offered rates (IBORs) with alternative nearly risk-free rates (referred to as “IBOR
                   reform”). The Group has financial instruments referenced to USD London Interbank Offered Rate (USD-LIBOR
                   BBA) and Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate (HIBOR).

                   In March 2021, the UK Financial Conduct Authority formally announced the future cessation or non-
                   representativeness of the following LIBOR benchmark settings:

                   —     all sterling, euro, Swiss Franc, Japanese yen LIBOR after 31 December 2021;

                   —     1-week and 2-month USD LIBOR after 31 December 2021; and

                   —     overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month USD LIBOR after 30 June 2023.

                   In Hong Kong, the Hong Kong Monetary Authority still recognises HIBOR as a credible and reliable benchmark
                   and confirms that there is no plan to discontinue HIBOR although an alternative, the Hong Kong Dollar
                   Overnight Index Average (HONIA) has already been identified.

                   The Group does not hold any financial instruments referenced to 1-week and 2-month USD LIBOR and as such
                   there are no contracts required to be replaced by 31 December 2022. The Group’s financial instruments
                   referenced to 6 months USD LIBOR are not expected to be ceased immediately after 30 June 2023 by the IBOR
                   reform.

                   The management of the Group’s monitors transition to alternative benchmark rates. The Group’s treasury
                   function is closely monitoring the market development on IBOR reform and have commenced discussion with
                   counterparties on contracts that need to be amended as a result of the reform, but specific changes have yet to
                   be agreed.

            iii.   Liquidity risk

                   In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents
                   deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of
                   fluctuations in cash flows. The management monitors the utilisation of bank and other borrowings and ensures
                   compliance with loan covenants.

                   The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial liabilities
                   based on the agreed repayment terms. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of
                   financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay.

                   The maturity analysis for financial liabilities is prepared based on the scheduled repayment dates. The table
                   includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows are floating rate, the
                   undiscounted amount is derived from interest rate curve at the end of the reporting period.
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022       149


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           iii.   Liquidity risk (Continued)

                  As at 31 December 2022

                                                     Weighted          Total                     More than     More than
                                                      average    contractual         Within    one year but two years but
                                                      interest undiscounted      one year or      less than     less than       More than      Carrying
                                                          rate     cash flow     on demand       two years     five years       five years      amount
                                                            %       HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000      HK$’000


                  Non-derivative instruments
                  Trade and other payables                  –      2,389,926      2,389,926              –               –              –     2,389,926
                  Bank and other borrowings              4.37      4,531,978      3,345,285        931,470         255,223              –     4,405,414
                  Lease liabilities                      6.01         86,388         13,559         12,838          30,638         29,353        69,868
                  Amounts due to related companies          –         22,670         22,670              –               –              –        22,670
                  Amount due to the immediate
                    holding company                         –           2,331         2,331               –                –             –        2,331

                                                                   7,033,293      5,773,771        944,308         285,861         29,353     6,890,209


                  As at 31 December 2021

                                                     Weighted            Total                    More than       More than
                                                      average      contractual       Within     one year but   two years but
                                                      interest   undiscounted    one year or       less than        less than   More than       Carrying
                                                          rate       cash flow   on demand        two years        five years    five years     amount
                                                            %         HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000


                  Non-derivative instruments
                  Trade and other payables                   –       2,678,013     2,678,013               –               –             –     2,678,013
                  Bank and other borrowings               2.65       3,693,788     2,163,212       1,510,911          19,665             –     3,626,541
                  Lease liabilities                       7.87          23,671         6,976           5,285           8,324         3,086        19,034
                  Amounts due to related companies           –           4,831         4,831               –               –             –         4,831
                  Amount due to the immediate
                    holding company                         –            2,331         2,331              –                –             –        2,331

                                                                     6,402,634     4,855,363       1,516,196          27,989         3,086     6,330,750


                  The amounts included above for variable interest rate instruments for non-derivative financial liabilities are
                  subject to change if changes in variable interest rates differ to those estimates of interest rates determined at
                  the end of the reporting period.
150    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

5.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            iii.   Liquidity risk (Continued)

                   Bank loans with a repayment on demand clause are included in the “On demand or within one year” time band
                   in the below maturity analysis. As at 31 December 2022, the aggregate carrying amounts of these bank loans
                   amounted to approximately HK$344,000,000 (2021: approximately HK$611,194,000). Taking into account the
                   Group’s financial position, the management does not believe that it is probable that the banks will exercise their
                   discretionary rights to demand immediate repayment. The management believes that such bank loans will be
                   repaid within 1 year (2021: 3 years) after the end of the reporting period in accordance with the scheduled
                   repayment dates set out in the loan agreements, details of which are set out in the table below:


                                                                 Maturity Analysis — Bank loans with a repayment
                                                                 on demand clause based on scheduled repayments
                                                                                                        Total
                                                              Less than                         undiscounted             Carrying
                                                                 1 year          1–2 years      cash outflows             amount
                                                                HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000


                   31 December 2022                             360,258                   –            360,285             344,000
                   31 December 2021                              98,478             534,794            633,272             611,194


                   The amounts included above for variable interest rate instruments are subject to change if changes in variable
                   interest rates differ to those estimates of interest rates determined at the end of the reporting period.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022      151


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           iv.   Credit risk

                 The credit risk of the Group mainly arises from bank balances and deposits, trade and other receivable, loan
                 receivables, amount due from associates and amounts due from related companies. The carrying amounts of
                 these balances represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to financial assets.

                 In respect of cash deposited at banks, the credit risk is considered to be low as the counterparties are reputable
                 banks. The existing counterparties do not have defaults in the past. Therefore, ECL rate of cash at bank is
                 assessed to be close to zero and no provision was made as of 31 December 2022 and 2021.

                 The credit risk for amount due from associates are considered to be low, therefore no ECL provision was made
                 during the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

                 ECLs are recognised in three stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in
                 credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are
                 possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a
                 significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected
                 over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

                 At the end of each reporting period, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has
                 increased significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a
                 default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the
                 financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information
                 that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information.

                 As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, trade receivables that are individually significant have been separately
                 assessed for impairment. The Group makes periodic assessments on the recoverability of the receivables based
                 on the background and reputation of the customers, historical settlement records and past experience.

                 Majority of the Group’s revenue is received from individual customers in relation to sales of pharmaceutical
                 products and are transacted on credit. The Group’s trade receivables arise from sales of pharmaceutical products
                 to the customers. As at the end of the year, the top three debtors and the largest debtor accounted for
                 approximately 6.39% and 2.36% (2021: 5.72% and 2.01%), of the Group’s trade receivables balance. In view of
                 the history of business dealings with the debtors and the sound collection history of the receivables due from
                 them, management believes that there is no material credit risk inherent in the Group’s outstanding receivable
                 balance due from these debtors saved for the debtor related to the impaired trade receivable disclosed in the
                 below. Management makes periodic assessment on the recoverability of the trade and other receivables based
                 on historical payment records, the length of overdue period, the financial strength of the debtors and whether
                 there are any disputes with the debtors.

                 Individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain amount. These
                 evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making payments when due and current ability to pay, and
                 take into account information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to the economic environment in
                 which the customer operates. Trade receivables are due within 30 to 180 days (2021: 30 to 180 days) from the
                 date of billing. Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral from customers.
152    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

5.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            iv.   Credit risk (Continued)

                  The Group measures loss allowances for trade and other receivables, loan receivables and amount due from
                  related companies at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs and lifetime ECLs, which are calculated using three-
                  stage model. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not indicate significantly different loss
                  patterns for different customer segments, the loss allowance based on past due status is not further
                  distinguished between the Group’s different customer bases.

                  (1)   Provision of ECL on trade and other receivables

                        The tables below show loss allowance for ECL based on the Group’s credit policy, which are mainly based
                        on past due information available without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at
                        31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.

                                                              12-months           Lifetime          Lifetime
                                                             ECLs Stage 1     ECLs Stage 2      ECLs Stage 3            Total
                        As at 31 December 2022                  HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000


                        Trade receivables and
                          other receivables
                          — Industry average                       17,106                 –                –            17,106
                          — CCC- to CC                                  –            17,742                –            17,742
                          —D                                            –                 –           56,926            56,926

                                                                   17,106            17,742           56,926            91,774


                                                               12-months           Lifetime          Lifetime
                                                              ECLs Stage 1     ECLs Stage 2      ECLs Stage 3            Total
                        As at 31 December 2021                    HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000


                        Trade receivables and
                          other receivables
                          — Industry average                        11,235                 –                –           11,235
                          — CCC- to CC                                   –            27,499                –           27,499
                          —D                                             –                 –          110,339          110,339

                                                                    11,235            27,499          110,339          149,073


                        The credit rating of industry average represented the debtors that have not incurred due payments. If the
                        invoice dates of the outstanding debt were from 3 months to 1 year, the credit rating will be represented
                        from CCC- to CC. In case the debts have been outstanding over 1 year, the credit rating will be marked as
                        D.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022        153


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           iv.   Credit risk (Continued)

                 (1)   Provision of ECL on trade and other receivables (Continued)

                       The (reversal of)/provision of trade receivables as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 were as follows:

                                                                                                                       HK$’000


                       As at 1 January 2021                                                                            107,627

                       Reversal for the year                                                                                (8,128)
                       Exchange realignment                                                                                  3,432

                       As at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                                       102,931

                       Reversal for the year                                                                               (10,263)
                       Written off                                                                                         (24,459)
                       Exchange realignment                                                                                 (6,868)
                       As at 31 December 2022                                                                          61,341


                       The (reversal of)/provision of ECL on other receivables as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 were as follows:

                                                                                                                       HK$’000


                       As at 1 January 2021                                                                                43,253

                       Provision for the year                                                                               19,902
                       Written off                                                                                         (18,916)
                       Exchange realignment                                                                                  1,903

                       As at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                                           46,142

                       Reversal for the year                                                                               (12,379)
                       Exchange realignment                                                                                 (3,330)
                       As at 31 December 2022                                                                          30,433
154    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

5.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            iv.   Credit risk (Continued)

                  (2)   Provision of ECL on due from related companies

                        The table below show loss allowance for ECL on amounts due from related companies based on the
                        Group’s credit policy, which are mainly based on past due information available without undue cost or
                        effort, and year-end staging classification as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.


                                                             12-months           Lifetime        Lifetime
                                                           ECLs Stage 1      ECLs Stage 2    ECLs Stage 3           Total
                        As at 31 December 2022                HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000


                        Amounts due from related
                         companies
                         — Industry average                          359                –               –              359
                         — CCC- to CC                                  –                –               –                –
                         —D                                            –                –             182              182

                                                                     359                –             182              541


                                                              12-months           Lifetime        Lifetime
                                                            ECLs Stage 1      ECLs Stage 2    ECLs Stage 3           Total
                        As at 31 December 2021                  HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000


                        Amounts due from related
                         companies
                         — Industry average                              –              –                –                –
                         — CCC- to CC                                    –            121                –              121
                         —D                                              –              –                –                –

                                                                         –            121                –              121


                        The (reversal of)/provision of ECL on due from related companies as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 was
                        as follows:

                                                                                                                   HK$’000


                        As at 1 January 2021                                                                         11,322

                        Reversal for the year                                                                       (11,389)
                        Exchange realignment                                                                            188

                        As at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                                       121

                        Provision for the year                                                                          420
                        Exchange realignment                                                                              –
                        As at 31 December 2022                                                                         541
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022    155


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           iv.   Credit risk (Continued)

                 (3)   Provision of ECL on loan receivables

                       The table below show loss allowance for ECL on loan receivables based on the Group’s credit policy,
                       which are mainly based on past due information available without undue cost or effort, and year-end
                       staging classification as at 31 December 2021.


                                                                 12-months          Lifetime         Lifetime
                                                               ECLs Stage 1     ECLs Stage 2     ECLs Stage 3          Total
                       As at 31 December 2021                      HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000


                       Loan receivables
                         — Industry average                                –               –                –               –
                         — CCC- to CC                                      –             795                –             795
                         —D                                                –               –                –               –

                                                                           –             795                –             795


                       The (reversal of) ECL on loan receivables as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 was as follows:

                                                                                                                     HK$’000


                       As at 1 January 2021                                                                               827

                       Reversal for the year                                                                               (32)

                       As at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                                          795

                       Reversal for the year                                                                              (795)
                       As at 31 December 2022                                                                                –
156    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

5.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            v.    Equity price risk

                  The Group is exposed to equity price risk through its investment in equity instruments measured at FVTPL and
                  FVTOCI. For equity instruments measured at FVTPL quoted in relative active markets, the management of the
                  Group manages this exposure by maintaining a portfolio of investments with different risks. In addition, the
                  Group also invested in certain unquoted equity securities for investees operating in pharmaceutical industry
                  sector for long term strategic purposes which had been designated as FVTOCI.

                  The sensitivity analysis have been determined based on the exposure to equity price risk at the reporting date.
                  Sensitivity analysis for unquote equity securities with fair value measurement categorized within Level 3 were
                  disclosed in note 5(b)(vi).

                  If the prices of the respective equity instruments listed in Hong Kong had been 5% (2021: 5%) higher/lower, the
                  post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2022 would increase/decrease in financial assets at FVTPL by
                  approximately HK$725,000 (2021: increase/decrease in financial assets at FVTPL by approximately HK$1,667,000),
                  as a result of the changes in fair value of listed equity security in Hong Kong.

                  If the prices of the respective equity instruments listed outside Hong Kong had been 5% (2021: 5%) higher/
                  lower, the post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2022 would increase/decrease in financial assets at
                  FVTPL by approximately HK$21,180,000 (2021: increase/decrease in financial assets at FVTPL by approximately
                  HK$45,258,000) and the other comprehensive income would increase/decrease in equity instruments at FVTOCI
                  by approximately HK$1,242,000 (2021: Nil) respectively, as a result of the changes in fair value of listed equity
                  security outside Hong Kong.

            vi.   Fair value

                  The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities are determined as follows:

                  —     the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities with standard terms and conditions and traded in
                        active liquid markets are determined with reference to quoted market bid prices and ask prices
                        respectively; and

                  —     the fair value of other financial assets and financial liabilities (excluding derivative instruments) is
                        determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on discounted cash flow
                        analysis.

                  The directors consider the fair values of trade and other receivables, loan receivables, pledged bank deposits,
                  cash and cash equivalents, trade and other payables, bank and other borrowings reported in the consolidated
                  statement of financial position approximate their carrying amounts due to their immediate or short-term
                  maturities.

                  The directors consider the fair value of amount due to the immediate holding company approximate to its
                  carrying amount as the impact of discounting is not significant.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2022       157


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           vi.   Fair value (Continued)

                 The following table provides an analysis of financial instruments that are measured subsequent to initial
                 recognition at fair value, grouped into Level 1 to 3 based on the degree to which the fair value is observable.

                 —     Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for
                       identical assets or liabilities.

                 —     Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within
                       Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived
                       from prices).

                 —     Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the
                       asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

                 Fair value hierarchy

                                                                                                 2022
                                                                        Level 1            Level 2           Level 3             Total
                                                                       HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000


                 Financial assets at FVTPL (note 26)                 1,038,582                     –                 –       1,038,582
                 Equity instruments at FVTOCI
                   (note 25) (note (a))                                  24,843                    –         542,477           567,320
                 Derivative financial instrument
                   (note 39)                                                    –           31,370                   –           31,370


                                                                                                  2021
                                                                         Level 1            Level 2           Level 3             Total
                                                                        HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000


                 Financial assets at FVTPL (note 26)                   1,112,968                   –                 –         1,112,968
                 Equity instruments at FVTOCI
                    (note 25) (note (a))                                        –                  –          145,685           145,685
                 Derivative financial instrument
                    (note 39)                                                   –            (8,350)                 –            (8,350)


                 There were no transfer between level 2 and level 3 in the current year.
158    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

5.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            vi.   Fair value (Continued)

                  Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
                  Note:

                  (a)     As at 31 December 2022, the fair value of equity instruments at FVTOCI of approximately HK$542,477,000 (2021:
                          HK$145,685,000) were valued by an independent valuer. The calculation was based on investment costs and including some
                          unobservable inputs.

                          Below is a summary of the valuation technique used and the key inputs to the valuation of equity instruments and derivative
                          financial instruments:

                                                                                           Significant
                                                                  Valuation technique      unobservable inputs                     2022                2021


                          Financial assets
                          Equity instruments
                          9.86% (2021:11.92%) of eTheRNA          Discounted cash flow     Terminal growth rate                    1.7%                1.8%
                             Immunotherapies NV of                  method                 Discount rate (note i)                21.21%              16.01%
                             Preferred Series B Shares (note i)

                          6.83% of Cloudbreak                     Discounted cash flow     Discount rate (note i)                18.04%              17.80%
                             Pharmaceutical Inc. of                 method
                             Series B Preferred Shares (note i)

                          Derivative financial instrument         Discounted cash flow     Discount rate                          0.96%                 N/A
                            — Cross currency swap                   method

                          Financial liability
                          Derivative financial instrument         Discounted cash flow     Discount rate                             N/A              0.94%
                            — Cross currency swap                   method

                          Notes:

                          (i)      A slight increase in the discount rate used in isolation would result in a slight decrease in the fair value measurement of
                                   the eTheRNA Immunotherapies NV of Preferred Series B Shares and Cloudbreak Pharmaceutical Inc. of Series B Preferred
                                   Shares respectively, and vice versa. A 5% (2021: 5%) increase/decrease in the discount rate holding all other variables
                                   constant would decrease/increase the carrying amount of the eTheRNA Immunotherapies NV of Preferred Series B
                                   Shares and Cloudbreak Pharmaceutical Inc. of Series B Preferred Shares by HK$3,104,000 and HK$3,029,000 (2021:
                                   HK$5,672,000 and HK$3,380,000) respectively.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022     159


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           vi.   Fair value (Continued)

                 Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of equity instruments at FVTOCI

                                                                                                       2022                 2021
                                                                                                     HK$’000              HK$’000


                 As at 1 January                                                                     145,685              171,164
                 Addition during the year                                                            431,192               56,083
                 Acquisition of subsidiary (note 40)                                                       –               15,616
                 Disposal during the year                                                                  –             (121,482)
                 Fair value (loss)/gain in other comprehensive income                                (17,654)              28,641
                 Exchange alignment                                                                  (16,746)              (4,337)

                 As at 31 December                                                                   542,477              145,685


                 Included in other comprehensive income is a fair value loss in an amount of approximately HK$70,706,000 (2021:
                 fair value gain approximately HK$28,641,000) relating to listed and unlisted equity securities classified as equity
                 instruments at FVTOCI held at the end of the current reporting period and is reported as changes of “FVTOCI
                 reserve”.
160     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

6.    CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
      The Group reviews its capital structure to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while
      maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The Group’s overall strategy
      remains unchanged from prior year.

      The capital structure of the Group consists of debt, which includes bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities, amount due
      to associate, amounts due to related companies and amount due to the immediate holding company and derivative
      financial instruments, cash and cash equivalents and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising issued share
      capital, share premium, reserves and retained profits.

      The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.

      Gearing ratio
      The directors of the Company review the capital structure regularly. As part of this review, the directors of the Company
      consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on recommendations of the directors,
      the Group will balance its overall capital structure through payment of dividends, new share issues and share buy-backs as
      well as the issue of new debt or the redemption of existing debt.

      The gearing ratio at the end of the reporting period was as follows:


                                                                                                                    2022                    2021
                                                                                                                  HK$’000                 HK$’000


      Debts (note (a))                                                                                           4,500,283              3,652,737
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                 (1,444,014)            (1,752,860)

      Net debt                                                                                                  3,056,269               1,899,877
      Equity (note (b))                                                                                        14,140,338              13,392,631
      Net debt to equity ratio                                                                                       22%                     14%

      Notes:

      (a)      Debts comprises bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities, amounts due to related companies and amount due to the immediate holding
               company respectively.

      (b)      Equity includes all capital and reserves attributable to owners of the Company.
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022       161


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

7.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
     For the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group is principally engaged in manufacture and sales of
     pharmaceutical preparations and medical devices, bio-technology products, health products, specialised pharmaceutical
     raw materials and other products. The board of directors, being the chief operating decision maker of the Group, reviews
     the operating results of the Group as a whole to make decisions about resource allocation. The operation of the Group
     constitutes one single reportable segment under HKFRS 8 and accordingly, no separate segment information is prepared.

     The Group’s revenue represents the invoiced value of goods sold, net of discounts and sales related taxes.

     Geographical information
     The Group’s operations are mainly located in the PRC (country of domicile) and it also derives revenue from America, Europe
     and Asia.

     Information about the Group’s revenue from external customers is presented based on geographical location of the
     customers and information about the Group’s non-current assets is presented based on geographical location of the assets
     are detailed below:

                                                                           Revenue from external
                                                                                customers                           Non-current assets

                                                                               2022                 2021              2022                2021
                                                                             HK$’000              HK$’000           HK$’000             HK$’000


     The PRC                                                               7,453,795            7,422,136         9,675,884            8,528,777
     America                                                                 956,036              430,098                 –                    –
     Europe                                                                  566,532              297,962                 –                    –
     Asia other than the PRC                                                 480,809              330,889            66,228               42,805
     Others                                                                  105,113              116,890                 –                    –

     Total                                                                 9,562,285            8,597,975         9,742,112            8,571,582

     Note: Non-current assets excluded equity instruments at fair value through comprehensive income, deferred tax assets and a part of interests in
           associates.


     Information about major customers
     For the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, none of the Group’s sales to a single customer amounted to 10% or more
     of the Group’s total revenue.
162    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

7.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      Revenue
      Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                                     2022                 2021
                                                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000


      Type of goods and services
      Manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical preparations and medical devices                    5,677,109            5,377,145
      Sales of bio-technology products and health products                                        2,885,369            2,231,461
      Sales of specialised pharmaceutical raw materials and other products                          999,807              989,369

      Total revenue recognised at point in time                                                   9,562,285            8,597,975


                                                                                                     2022                 2021
                                                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000


      Revenue disclosed in segment information
      External customers                                                                          9,562,285            8,597,975

      Timing of revenue recognition
      At point in time                                                                            9,562,285            8,597,975


      All of the Group’s revenue are recognised at point in time when carrier designated by the customers, or after the customer’s
      acceptance or upon transfer of control of the goods to customer. All of the Group’s revenue is generated in the PRC based
      on where goods are sold. All revenue contracts are for period of one year or less, as permitted by practical expedient under
      HKFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contacts is not disclosed.
                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022       163


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

8.   OTHER REVENUE AND INCOME
                                                                                                                     2022                   2021
                                                                                                                   HK$’000                HK$’000


     Government grants (note (i))                                                                                    97,352                 69,354
     Interest income                                                                                                 19,806                 74,953
     Sales of raw materials, scrap and other materials, net                                                           7,891                  5,776
     Gain on sales and leaseback transaction, net                                                                     2,297                  2,372
     Rental income                                                                                                      557                  1,421
     Net gain in fair value of investment properties                                                                 21,351                 29,575
     Compensation income                                                                                                  –                  3,767
     Consultancy income (note (ii))                                                                                  24,925                123,199
     Sundry income                                                                                                   37,393                 38,599

                                                                                                                   211,572                 349,016

     Notes:

     (i)      The amount in 2022 consists of government grants with conditions to be fulfilled amounted to approximately HK$52,119,000 and
              HK$45,233,000 (2021: HK$41,151,000 and HK$28,213,000) respectively. There are no unfulfilled conditions related to the remaining amount.

     (ii)     The amount consists of income from the provision of various consultancy services such as product registration, technology consultancy,
              market development and consultation, etc.


9.   NET (LOSS)/INCOME FROM FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                                                     2022                   2021
                                                                                                                   HK$’000                HK$’000


     Loss in fair value change of listed equity securities in Hong Kong                                             (18,833)                (1,667)
     (Loss)/Gain in fair value change of equity instruments outside Hong Kong                                       (48,407)               485,348
     Investment income at fair value, net                                                                                 –                  1,167
     Realised loss on disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                             (27,383)                     –

                                                                                                                    (94,623)               484,848


10. FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                                                     2022                   2021
                                                                                                                   HK$’000                HK$’000


     Interest on bank and other borrowings:
        — wholly repayable within five years                                                                       132,977                  90,191
     Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                   4,516                   2,773

                                                                                                                   137,493                  92,964
164    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                                                    2022                2021
                                                                                                  HK$’000             HK$’000


      Current tax:
        The PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                             383,904             370,443
        Deferred tax (notes 24 and 35)                                                             34,738              10,357

                                                                                                  418,642             380,800


      No provision for Hong Kong profits tax has been made in the consolidated financial statements as the Company did not
      have any assessable profits subject to Hong Kong profits tax for both years. Provision on profits assessable elsewhere has
      been calculated at the rate of tax prevailing to the countries to which the Group operates, based on existing legislation,
      interpretations, and practices in respect thereof.

      Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax
      rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% from 1 January 2008 onwards.

      According to the relevant the PRC tax regulations, High-New Technology Enterprise (the “HNTE”) operating within a High
      and New Technology Development Zone are entitled to a reduced Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT”) rate of 15%. Certain
      subsidiaries are recognised as HNTE and accordingly, are subject to EIT at 15%. The recognition as a HNTE is subject to
      review on every three years by the relevant government bodies.

      The charge for the year is reconciled to the profit before tax per the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
      comprehensive income as follows:


                                                                                                    2022                2021
                                                                                                  HK$’000             HK$’000


      Profit before tax                                                                         2,516,893            2,785,832

      Tax at the average income tax rate                                                           629,223             505,996
      Tax effect of share of results of associates                                                  27,530             (44,270)
      Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                                         78,942              89,535
      Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                                            (102,174)            (77,520)
      Tax effect of deductible temporary differences not recognised                                 (7,580)             (4,412)
      Effect of tax exemptions granted to the PRC subsidiaries                                     (44,023)            (23,870)
      Income tax on concessionary rate                                                            (252,182)           (137,683)
      Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                                       88,906              73,024

      Tax charge for the year                                                                     418,642             380,800
                                                                                                Annual Report 2022     165


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

12. PROFIT FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                               2022               2021
                                                                                             HK$’000            HK$’000


     Profit for the year is arrived after charging/(crediting):
     Staff costs (excluding Directors’ emoluments (note 15)) comprises:
       — Wages and salaries                                                                 1,371,081         1,265,065
       — Retirement benefits schemes contributions                                             92,550            82,188

                                                                                            1,463,631         1,347,253

     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                 328,712            305,504
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 17)                                            33,859             16,991
     Amortisation of intangible assets (note 23)                                              32,341             17,024

     Total depreciation and amortisation                                                     394,912            339,519

     (Reversal)/provision of allowance for ECL on financial assets
       — trade and other receivables                                                          (22,642)           11,774
       — amounts due from related companies                                                       420           (11,389)
       — loan receivables                                                                        (795)              (32)

     (Reversal)/provision of allowance for ECL of financial assets at amortised cost, net     (23,017)                353

     Auditors’ remuneration
       — audit services                                                                         3,880                3,400
       — non-audit services                                                                         –                    –

     Cost of inventories recognised as an expense                                           3,610,806         3,350,737
     Write-off of property, plant and equipment                                                11,271            31,087
     Research and development expenditure                                                     531,924           331,421
     Marketing and promotion expenses                                                         498,692           634,985
     Write-down of inventories                                                                  5,265             1,042
     Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                          2,476             3,920
     Net foreign exchange (gain)/loss                                                         (34,348)           35,802
     Short-term lease rental expenses                                                          12,015             1,026
     Fair value change on derivative financial instruments                                    (39,720)               8,350
166    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

13. DIVIDEND
      (i)     Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the company attributable to the year

                                                                                                                        2022                     2021
                                                                                                                      HK$’000                  HK$’000


              Final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period
                 of HK$0.14 per share (2021: HK$0.11 per share)                                                        496,940                 390,450


      (ii)    Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the company attributable to the previous financial
              year, approved and paid during the year

                                                                                                                        2022                     2021
                                                                                                                      HK$’000                  HK$’000


              Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year, approved and
                 paid during the year, of HK$0.11 per share (2021: HK$0.11 per share)                                  390,450                 390,450


14. EARNINGS PER SHARE
      Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity owners of the Company by the weighted
      average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year, excluding ordinary shares purchased by the Group and
      held as treasury shares.


                                                                                                                        2022                     2021
                                                                                                                      HK$’000                  HK$’000


      Earnings
      Earnings for the purpose of basic earnings per share calculation                                               2,079,419               2,402,563


                                                                                                                           2022                     2021
                                                                                                                            ’000                     ’000


      Number of shares
      Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose
        of basic earnings per share calculation (Note)                                                               3,542,258               3,548,050

      Note:

      As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, treasury shares are deducted from total shares in issue for the purpose of calculating earnings per share.


      Diluted earnings per share is the same as the basic earnings per share for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 as
      there were no potential dilutive ordinary shares in issue.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022     167


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

15. DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
     (a)   Directors’ emoluments
           Details of directors’ emoluments are as follows:


                                                                                                 2022                2021
                                                                                               HK$’000             HK$’000


           Fees:
             Executive directors                                                                      58                  92
             Independent non-executive directors                                                     395                 340

                                                                                                     453                 432
           Other emoluments:
             Salaries and allowances                                                               5,784                4,079
             Retirement benefits scheme contributions                                                120                   43

                                                                                                   6,357                4,554


           No emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors as an inducement to join, or upon joining the Group, or as
           compensation for loss of office for both years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

           The emoluments paid or payable to each of the seven (2021: nine) directors for the year ended 31 December 2022 are
           as follows:


                                                                                              Retirement
                                                                                                 benefits
                                                                            Salaries and         schemes
                                                                  Fees       allowances     contributions           Total
                                                               HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000


           Executive directors:
           Dr. Tang Weikun (Chairman)                                 –            2,812              102            2,914
           Dr. Shao Yan                                               –            1,958               18            1,976
           Dr. Niu Zhanqi                                            58                –                –               58
           Dr. Shi Lin                                                –            1,014                –            1,014

           Independent non-executive directors:
           Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie                                  209                 –                  –             209
           Mr. Hu Yebi                                              116                 –                  –             116
           Dr. Pei Geng                                              70                 –                  –              70

           Total                                                    453            5,784              120            6,357
168    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

15. DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
      (a)   Directors’ emoluments (Continued)
            Details of directors’ emoluments for the year ended 31 December 2021 are as follows:


                                                                                                     Retirement
                                                                                                        benefits
                                                                                Salaries and           schemes
                                                                     Fees        allowances        contributions      Total
                                                                  HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000     HK$’000


            Executive directors:
            Mr. Liu Chengwei (retired on 1 June 2021)                   21                –                   –          21
            Mr. Hu Bo (retired on 1 June 2021)                          21                –                   –          21
            Dr. Shao Yan                                                 –            2,345                  18       2,363
            Dr. Niu Zhanqi                                              50                –                   –          50
            Dr. Tang Weikun (Chairman)
              (appointed on 1 June 2021)                                 –            1,073                  25       1,098
            Dr. Shi Lin (appointed on 1 June 2021)                       –              661                   –         661

            Independent non-executive directors:
            Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie                                    180                –                     –      180
            Mr. Hu Yebi                                                100                –                     –      100
            Dr. Pei Geng                                                60                –                     –       60

            Total                                                      432            4,079                  43       4,554


            During year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, no director of the Company agreed to waive or waived any
            emoluments.

      (b)   Five Highest Paid Individuals
            The five individuals with the highest emoluments in the Group, none (2021: one) was the director of the Company
            whose emoluments were included above. The emoluments of the remaining five (2021: four) individuals are as
            follows:


                                                                                                       2022           2021
                                                                                                     HK$’000        HK$’000


            Employees
              Salaries and allowances                                                                  22,347        11,442
              Retirement benefits schemes contributions                                                   980           443

                                                                                                       23,327        11,885
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022   169


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

15. DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
     (b)   Five Highest Paid Individuals (Continued)
           These emoluments were within the following bands:

                                                                                                2022               2021
                                                                                               No. of             No. of
                                                                                           employees          employees


           Nil to HK$3,000,000                                                                       –                 3
           HK$3,000,001 to HK$3,500,000                                                              2                 –
           HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                              1                 1
           Over HK$4,000,000                                                                         2                 –

                                                                                                     5                 4


           During both years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the five highest
           paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

     (c)   Senior Management of the Group
           The emoluments of the senior management who are non-director of the Group are within the following band:

                                                                                                2022               2021
                                                                                               No. of             No. of
                                                                                           employees          employees


           Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                                       –                 1
           HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                              2                 2
           HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                              –                 –
           Over HK$2,000,000                                                                         1                 2

                                                                                                     3                 5


           During years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the senior management
           as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.
170     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                  Owned       Allocated     Plant and      Motor                               Construction
                                                buildings          land    machinery     vehicles    Equipment      Others      in progress        Total
                                                  HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000


      Cost
      As at 1 January 2021                       1,992,416        1,778     1,982,552      30,181       133,823        412          482,092     4,623,254
      Additions                                     64,926            –       103,031       4,613        27,405          –          271,595       471,570
      Disposals                                          –            –       (48,514)     (3,334)         (305)         –                –       (52,153)
      Acquired through acquisition of assets/
        business combination (note 40)             72,915            –         88,026         125             37          –               –       161,103
      Write-off                                      (919)           –        (92,224)     (4,235)        (7,515)         –               –      (104,893)
      Transfer                                    156,838            –        154,361           –              –          –        (311,199)            –
      Exchange realignment                         70,821           59         66,668         954          4,735          –          15,322       158,559

      As at 31 December 2021 and
        1 January 2022                           2,356,997        1,837     2,253,900      28,304       158,180        412          457,810     5,257,440
      Additions                                      3,775            –           807       2,120        93,419          –          526,094       626,215
      Disposals                                        (21)           –       (28,676)          –        (3,120)         –                –       (31,817)
      Acquired through business
        combination (note 40)                       60,522            –        22,147         371            427          –           1,730        85,197
      Write-off                                       (290)           –       (33,304)     (1,398)       (10,740)         –               –       (45,732)
      Transfer                                     100,984            –       292,784           –          1,733          –        (395,501)            –
      Exchange realignment                        (184,812)        (141)     (179,538)     (2,194)       (14,441)       (31)        (38,795)     (419,952)

      As at 31 December 2022                     2,337,155        1,696     2,328,120      27,203       225,458        381          551,338     5,471,351

      Accumulated depreciation
         and impairment
      As at 1 January 2021                        505,523             –       979,936      13,692        90,475        412                –     1,590,038
      Depreciation provided for the year           98,477             –       175,314       5,386        26,327          –                –       305,504
      Eliminated on disposals                           –             –       (21,900)     (2,289)         (255)         –                –       (24,444)
      Eliminated on write-off                        (328)            –       (64,811)     (3,238)       (5,429)         –                –       (73,806)
      Exchange realignment                         17,788             –        29,411         454         3,312          –                –        50,965

      As at 31 December 2021 and
         1 January 2022                           621,460             –     1,097,950      14,005       114,430        412                –     1,848,257
      Depreciation provided for the year          103,384             –       187,745       3,398        34,185          –                –       328,712
      Eliminated on disposals                          (5)            –       (26,091)          –        (1,258)         –                –       (27,354)
      Eliminated on write-off                        (288)            –       (22,877)     (1,243)      (10,053)         –                –       (34,461)
      Exchange realignment                        (50,463)            –       (87,910)     (1,133)       (9,404)       (31)               –      (148,941)

      As at 31 December 2022                      674,088             –     1,148,817      15,027       127,900        381                –     1,966,213
      Net carrying amounts
      As at 31 December 2022                    1,663,067        1,696     1,179,303      12,176        97,558            –        551,338     3,505,138

      As at 31 December 2021                     1,735,537        1,837     1,155,950      14,299        43,750           –         457,810     3,409,183
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022    171


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
     The above items of property, plant and equipment, except for construction in progress and allocated land are depreciated
     on a straight-line basis, at the following rates per annum:

     Buildings                                2.5%–10%
     Plant and machinery                      5%–25%
     Equipment                                12%–33.3%
     Motor vehicles                           10%–25%
     Others                                   12.5%–20%

     Allocated land is located in the PRC and is not specified by the PRC government authorities with the period of usage. The
     allocated land is restricted for disposal or transfer, but can be leased or pledged to other parties upon obtaining the
     approval from the relevant PRC’s authorities.

     Buildings are held in the PRC under medium-term leases.

     As at 31 December 2022, certain buildings in the Group aggregated amount of approximately HK$107,846,000 (2021:
     HK$121,315,000) have been pledged to banks to secure general bank loans granted to the Group as further detailed in note
     43.
172        Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                                                          Motor vehicle               Buildings
                                                                             leased for              leased for                 Land
                                                                              own used                 own use              right use               Total
                                                                                HK$’000                 HK$’000               HK$’000             HK$’000


      Cost
      As at 1 January 2021                                                               252               30,355              397,485            428,092

      Acquisition of asset/business combination (note 40)                                  –                    –                14,999            14,999
      Additions                                                                          734                3,226                     –             3,960
      Termination of lease                                                              (264)              (6,288)                    –            (6,552)
      Exchange realignment                                                                12                  581                13,162            13,755

      As at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                          734               27,874              425,646            454,254

      Acquisition through business combination (note 40)                                   –                    –                17,263             17,263
      Additions                                                                            –               64,579                27,489             92,068
      Termination of lease                                                                 –               (2,950)                    –             (2,950)
      Exchange realignment                                                               (38)              (2,946)              (29,937)           (32,921)

      As at 31 December 2022                                                             696               86,557              440,461            527,714

      Accumulated depreciation
      As at 1 January 2021                                                               252               10,626                40,101            50,979

      Depreciation provided for the year                                                 122                7,061                 9,808            16,991
      Termination of leases                                                             (264)              (6,288)                    –            (6,552)
      Exchange realignment                                                                 2                   88                   218               308

      As at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                          112               11,487                50,127            61,726

      Depreciation provided for the year                                                 118               22,740                11,001            33,859
      Termination of leases                                                                –               (2,950)                    –            (2,950)
      Exchange realignment                                                                (3)              (1,365)                 (317)           (1,685)

      As at 31 December 2022                                                             227               29,912                60,811            90,950
      Net carrying amounts
      As at 31 December 2022                                                            469               56,645              379,650             436,764
      As at 31 December 2021                                                             622               16,387              375,519            392,528

      Notes:

      1.       The Group leases several assets including office premises and land right use. The average lease term is 6 years (2021: 7 years).

      2.       The total cash outflow for leases amount approximately to HK$15,373,000 (2021: HK$8,478,000) for the year ended 31 December 2022.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2022   173


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                          2022              2021
                                                                                        HK$’000           HK$’000


     Residential properties                                                             175,112           167,151


                                                                                          2022              2021
                                                                                        HK$’000           HK$’000


     As at 1 January                                                                    167,151           132,696
     Fair value gain recognised in profit or loss (note 8)                               21,351            29,575
     Exchange realignment                                                               (13,390)            4,880

     As at 31 December                                                                  175,112           167,151


     Asset measured at fair value

                                                                                2022
                                                              Level 1     Level 2         Level 3         Total
                                                             HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000


     Investment properties located in PRC                           –           –        175,112         175,112


                                                                                 2021
                                                               Level 1     Level 2         Level 3          Total
                                                              HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000


     Investment properties located in PRC                           –           –         167,151         167,151
174    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
      (a)   Valuation of investment properties
            The investment properties amounted of approximately HK$175,112,000 (2021: HK$167,151,000) of the Group were
            stated at fair value as at 31 December 2022. The fair value of investment properties as at 31 December 2022 and 2021
            were arrived at based on the valuations carried out by Wuhan Huasheng Zhenghao Assets Appraisal Co., Ltd.*, an
            independent external valuer. *(This is the English translation of Chinese name or words which included for
            identification purposes only)

            The valuer has valued the properties on the basis of comparable market transactions as available. Discussions of
            valuation processes and results are held between the Group and valuers at least once every six months, in line with
            the Group’s interim and annual reporting dates. As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the fair values of the properties
            were determined by the valuer. At each financial year end, the Group (i) verifies all major inputs to the independent
            valuation report and (ii) holds discussions with the independent valuer.

            Market approach method is adopted based on the principle of substitution, where comparison is made based on
            prices realised on actual sales and/or asking prices of comparable properties. Comparable properties of similar size,
            scale, nature, character and location are analysed and carefully weighed against all the respective advantages and
            disadvantages of each property in order to arrive at a fair comparison of market value and capital values.

            The valuation assumptions, unless otherwise stated, the valuer assumed that:

            (a)   The assets within the scope of the assessment are owned by the appraised unit and there is no ownership
                  dispute;

            (b)   The assessment information provided by the entrusting party and the appraised unit is true, lawful and
                  complete; and

            (c)   The assessment data collected by the assessors in the capacity range is authentic and credible.

            There was no change from the valuation technique used during the year. In estimating the fair value of the properties,
            the highest and best use of the properties is their current use.

            The valuation of investment properties is determined by various major inputs:

            As at 31 December 2022, one of the major inputs applied in valuing the investment properties was market selling
            price per each square meter. The range of unit market price was from RMB3,798 to RMB4,026 (2021: RMB3,268 to
            RMB3,464).

            Another unobservable major input was volume rate of the land use right. The range of plot ratio of investment
            properties was from 1.2 to 2.5 (2021: 1.8 to 3.3). An increase in volume rate would result in increase in the fair value of
            investment properties, and vice versa.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022   175


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

19. LOAN RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                   2022                2021
                                                                                                 HK$’000             HK$’000


     Loan receivables:
     Within one year                                                                                      –          113,985
     Two to five years                                                                                    –                –

                                                                                                          –          113,985
     Less: allowance for ECL                                                                              –             (795)

     Total loan receivables                                                                               –          113,190


     The loan receivable was secured by shares of an unlisted company with a fixed interest rate of 8% per annum.

20. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                                   2022                2021
                                                                                                 HK$’000             HK$’000


     Cost of unlisted investments                                                               7,564,016           7,647,643
     Share of post-acquisition (loss)/profit and other comprehensive (loss)/income               (184,586)             82,606

     Group interests in associates                                                              7,379,430           7,730,249
     Amounts due from associates                                                                  324,731             336,420

                                                                                                7,704,161           8,066,669


     Amounts due from associates are unsecured, interest-free and not recoverable within next twelve months.
176               Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

20. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      The summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s material associates is set out below:

      Shanghai Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Company Limited (the “Xudong Haipu”)

                                                                                                       2022        2021
                                                                                                     HK$’000     HK$’000


      Total assets                                                                                 2,624,141    2,653,980
      Total liabilities                                                                             (369,192)    (385,160)

      Net assets of the associate                                                                  2,254,949    2,268,820
      Less: Non-controlling interests                                                                (62,934)     (68,007)

      Net assets attributable to owners of associate                                               2,192,015    2,200,813

      Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                                 1,205,608    1,210,447
      Goodwill
      1,352,663
                                                                                                     930,000    1,006,962

                                                                                                   2,135,608    2,217,409

      Revenue                                                                                      1,062,627    1,443,419

      Profit for the year                                                                            200,535     507,914

      Share of result in an associate for the year                                                   110,294     279,353

      Dividend received during the year                                                             (192,095)   (198,753)
                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022        177


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

20. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
     Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd. (the “Grand Pharma Sphere”)

                                                                                                                  2022                   2021
                                                                                                                HK$’000                HK$’000


     Total assets                                                                                           12,239,513              12,370,610
     Total liabilities                                                                                      (3,797,409)             (4,081,954)

     Net assets                                                                                               8,422,104              8,288,656

     Group’s interest in the associate                                                                        5,074,390              4,873,267

     Revenue                                                                                                  1,223,111              1,242,167

     Loss for the year                                                                                           (72,103)               (18,028)

     Share of result of an associate for the year                                                                (40,991)                (9,835)


     Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material

                                                                                                                  2022                   2021
                                                                                                                HK$’000                HK$’000


     The Group’s share of results of associates (note a)                                                       (113,089)              (155,656)

     The Group’s interest in associates                                                                         169,432                639,573

     Note:

     (a)     The share of results mainly consist of share of loss from OncoSec Medical Incorporated amounted approximately to HK$97,145,000 (2021:
             HK$139,938,000) (based on its management account adjusted under international generally accepted accounting principals).
178     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

20. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      Details of the principal associates as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

                              Place of         Form of               Percentage of effective   Particulars of
                              incorporation/   business             equity interest and voting issued/paid-up
      Name                    operation        structure           power held by the Company capital                      Principal activities
                                                                         2022           2021


      Yangxin Fuxin           PRC/PRC          Limited liability       40.32%         40.32%     Contributed capital      Production and sales of fine
        (note (a) & (m))                         company             (indirect)     (indirect)     RMB2,000,000             chemicals and chemical
                                                                                                                            medicine

      Cardionovum Holding     Hong Kong/       Limited liability       33.33%         33.33%     Contributed capital      Development, production and
        (note (b))              Hong Kong        company             (indirect)     (indirect)     USD93,000,000            distribution of advanced
                                                                                                                            cardiovascular interventional
                                                                                                                            medical devices and the
                                                                                                                            provision of related services

      Xudong Haipu            PRC/PRC          Limited liability       55.00%         55.00%     Contributed capital      Production and sales of
        (note (d) & (l))                         company             (indirect)     (indirect)     RMB60,000,000            pharmaceutical preparations
                                                                                                                            for injections

      Grand Pharma Sphere     Singapore/       Limited liability       57.98%         56.84%     Contributed capital      Investment holding
        (note (e))               Singapore       company             (indirect)     (indirect)     USD100

      Revolmmune              PRC/PRC          Limited liability        7.83%          8.91%     Issued capital           Development of colorectal
        (note (f) & (m))                         company             (indirect)     (indirect)      RMB813,447/             cancer medicine
                                                                                                    contributed capital
                                                                                                    RMB272,269

      Nanjing Fuhan           PRC/PRC          Limited                 51.00%         51.00%     Contributed capital      Investment holding
        (note (g) & (m))                         partnership         (indirect)     (indirect)     RMB40,000,000

      Nanjing Kainite         PRC/PRC          Limited liability       29.27%         29.27%     Contributed capital      Development of
        (note (h) & (m))                         company             (indirect)     (indirect)     RMB3,100,000             Neurological intervention

      OncoSec (note (i))      USA/USA          Limited liability       25.70%         42.71%     Contributed capital      Development of
                                                 company             (indirect)     (indirect)     USD2,769                 cancer immunotherapy

      CoRISMA (note (j))      USA/USA          Limited liability       22.20%         22.20%     Contributed capital      Development of global
                                                 company             (indirect)     (indirect)     USD13,250,000            innovative medical devices

      FastWave (note (k))     USA/USA          Limited liability       40.00%         20.00%     Contributed capital      Development of global
                                                 company             (indirect)     (indirect)     USD12,000,000            cerebro-cardiovascular
                                                                                                                            precision interventional
                                                                                                                            devices
                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022         179


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

20. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
     Notes:

     (a)      Yangxin Fuxin Chemical Company Limited (“Yangxin Fuxin”) was an associate of Hubei Grand Fuchi Pharmaceutical and Chemical Company
              Limited (“Hubei Fuchi”) and Hubei Fuchi was acquired by the Group as a subsidiary pursuant to an agreement signed on 2 March 2010.

              The Group held approximately 40.22% equity interest in Yangxin Fuxin and are accounted for the investment as an associate. The Group had
              further acquired approximately 0.24% equity interest in Grand Pharm (China). Immediately after completion of this acquisition, the Group’s
              equity interest in Yangxin Fuxin was increased from 40.22% to 40.32%.

     (b)      Cardionovum Holding Co. Limited (“Cardionovum Holding”) was an associate of Grand Wise International Trading Limited, a wholly-owned
              subsidiary of the Company, and Cardionovum Holding was establish with individual third party. The Company had subscribed for
              approximately 33.33% of the enlarged issued share capital of the Cardionovum Holding pursuant to an agreement signed on 21 April 2015,
              and are accounted for the investment in an associate.

              The Group is able to exercise significant influence over Cardionovum Holding because it has the power to appoint one out of the five
              directors of that company under the shareholders agreement.

     (c)      East Ocean Medical (Hong Kong) Limited (“East Ocean Medical”) was an associate of the Company and East Ocean was establish with a
              connected person of the Company. During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Company had contributed approximately HK$27,717,000,
              which increased the equity interest to 23.69%. The Group is able to exercise significant influence over East Ocean because it has the power to
              appoint one out of the three directors of that company under the shareholders agreement.

              During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company had further acquired 752 shares of East Ocean. The Group gain full control over East
              Ocean since the completion of acquisition. Details of the acquisition are stated in note 40.

     (d)      Xudong Haipu was an associate of Taiwan Tung Yang International Company Limited (“Tung Yang”). The Company entered into the
              acquisition agreement, the Company had acquired 100% of the Tung Yang shares at aggregate consideration HK$2,004,227,000 which are
              settled by cash and shares. Upon completion of the acquisition, Tung Yang is a directly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Xudong
              Haipu and its subsidiaries are classified as associates of the Company after Completion. This is because material decisions of Xudong Haipu
              (including but not limited to the approval of its annual budget, manufacturing plan and profit distribution policy) are subject to the
              resolutions of the board of directors of Xudong Haipu which must be passed by at least two-third of its directors in attendance under the
              articles of association of Xudong Haipu. As Tung Yang is entitled to appoint only four out of the seven directors of Xudong Haipu, Tung Yang
              does not have control over the operations and financial management of Xudong Haipu.

              The completion of the acquisition took place on 5 September 2018. Details of the acquisition of Tung Yang are disclosed in the
              announcement of the Company dated 24 May 2018, 31 July 2018 and 24 August 2018.

              Even the Company was holding 55% of shares of Xudong Haipu, since the resolutions requires at least 5 out of 7 directors’ approval to pass,
              where the Company only entitled to appoint 4 directors on the board meeting, the Company does not have control over the associate.

     (e)      Grand Pharma Sphere was an associate of Grand Decade Developments Limited (“Grand Decade”) and it was the immediate holder of Grand
              Pharma Sphere (Australia BidCo) Pte Ltd. (“BidCo”).

              The Company entered into the binding scheme implementation deed pursuant to which CDH Genetech Limited (“CDH Genetech”) and the
              Company had acquired 100% of the Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd. (“Sirtex”) shares. The Company and CDH Genetech had established BidCo to
              acquire the Sirtex shares and paid aggregate consideration HK$2,907,725,000. Upon completion of the acquisition, the Company and CDH
              Genetech owned 49% and 51% of the issued shares capital of the BidCo respectively. The completion of the acquisition took place on 20
              September 2018. Details of the acquisition of BidCo are disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 14 June 2018, 26 July 2018, 20
              September 2018 and 12 March 2019.

              The Group entered into a subscription agreement with CDH Genetech pursuant to which the Group and CDH Genetech (or its nominee) will
              further subscribe shares of Grand Pharma Sphere in proportion to their respective equity interests. The total consideration for the further
              subscription is approximately HK$1,163,571,000 and the Group and CDH Genetech will invest for approximately HK$570,150,000 and
              HK$593,421,000 respectively. Details of the further subscription of the Grand Pharma Sphere were disclosed in the announcement of the
              Company dated 4 May 2020.
180     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

20. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)

      (e)    (Continued)

             During the year ended 31 December 2021, there was an increase in shareholding in Grand Pharma Sphere through several transactions as
             described below. Details of the transactions were stated in the Company published announcement dated 2 July 2021, 11 August 2021 and 1
             September 2021 and circular dated 13 September 2021.

             On 1 July 2021, the Group entered into a subscription agreement with Grand Pharma Sphere, pursuant to which, the Group agreed to
             subscribe for and Grand Pharma Sphere agreed to issue and allot 84,704,650 Grand Pharma Sphere Shares for a consideration of US$100
             million. The subscription was completed in July 2021. As at 31 December 2021, the shareholdings in Grand Pharma Sphere held by the Group
             increased by approximately 0.15% after a series of transactions.

             The Group also entered into two agreements of total return swap transaction (“TRS Agreements”) with a financial institution (the “Natixis”),
             pursuant to which, among other things, the Natixis shall pass through to the Company the full economic exposure to the shares of Grand
             Pharma Sphere (“Sirtex HoldCo Shares”) acquired by the Natixis pursuant to the Natixis’s Subscriptions.

             In view of the TRS Agreements, the total of Sirtex HoldCo Shares held by the Natixis which was acquired by the Natixis under the Natixis’s
             Subscription (the “Natixis Shares”) are treated as part of the existing ownership interests of the Group in Grand Pharma Sphere for the purpose
             of applying the equity method of accounting as the terms of the TRS Agreement are such that it is the Company that has access to the
             returns associated with an ownership interest in the Natixis’s shares currently held by the Natixis. In such circumstances, the proportion of
             ownership interest in Grand Pharma Sphere allocated to the Group is determined by taking into account the Shares held by the Natixis that
             currently give the Group access to the returns. The Group’s effective interests in Grand Pharma Sphere, has been increased by 7.69%.

             Hence, the Group had, in substance, an existing ownership interest in respect of the 84,704,650 Sirtex HoldCo Shares as a result of the TRS
             transaction. A corresponding liability of USD100,000,000, which is equivalent to HK$777,256,000, representing the potential future payments
             was recognised at initial recognition of these ownership interests, which is disclosed under “Bank and other borrowings” of consolidated
             statement of financial position.

             During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group subscribed 29,646,627 new shares of Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd. (which wholly
             owned the equity interests of Sirtex) at the consideration of USD35,000,000. After the completion of the transaction, the equity interests held
             in it increased to approximately 51.61%. The Group’s effective interest in Grand Pharma Sphere Pte. Ltd. increased to 57.98%, with
             consideration of shares held by Natixis. Details of the subscription for new shares in Grand Pharma Sphere were disclosed in the
             announcement of the Company dated 15 December 2022.

      (f)    Revolmmune Therapeutics Co., Ltd. (“Revolmmune”) was an associate of Grand Pharm (China). The Company subscribed for approximately
             9.68% of issued share capital of the Revolmmune pursuant to an agreement signed on 13 July 2020, and are accounted for the investment in
             an associate.

             During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s equity interest in Revolmmune decreased from 9.68% to 8.91%. The equity interest
             was further decreased by 1.08% to 7.83%, as a result of new shares issued to third party during the year ended 31 December 2022.

             The Group is able to exercise significant influence over Revolmmune because it has the power to appoint one out of the five directors of that
             company under the shareholders agreement.

      (g)    Nanjing Fuhan Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“Nanjing Fuhan”) was an associate of Grand Pharm (China). The
             Company held 51% of issued share capital of the Nanjing Fuhan as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.

             Even the Company was holding 51% of shares of Nanjing Fuhan, since the resolutions requires over 50% of the total number of directors (2
             directors in total) to pass, where the Company only entitled to appoint 1 director on the board meeting, the Company does not have control
             over the associate.

      (h)    Nanjing Kainite Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Kainite”) was an associate of Grand Pharm (China). The Company subscribed for
             approximately 29.17% of issued share capital of the Nanjing Kainite on 27 July 2020. Pursuant to an agreement, the Company will inject and
             acquire to 100% equity interest of capital into Nanjing Kainite in phases if the conditions are met, and are accounted for the investment in an
             associate.

             During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s equity interest in Nanjing Kainite increased from 29.17% to 29.27%.

             The Group is able to exercise significant influence over Nanjing Kainite because it has the power to appoint one out of the three directors of
             that company under the shareholders agreement.
                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022         181


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

20. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
     Notes: (Continued)

     (i)    OncoSec Medical Incorporated (“OncoSec”) was an associate of Grand Decade Developments Limited (“Grand Decade”).

            The Company had acquired approximately of 43.95% of the issued shares capital of the OncoSec at aggregate consideration for approximately
            HK$193,929,000 which are settled by cash. The completion of the acquisition took place on 7 February 2020. Details of the acquisition of the
            OncoSec are disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 10 October 2019, 26 November 2019 and 7 February 2020.

            Since OncoSec has announced offering of common stock of an aggregate 4,608,589 shares of USD3.25 per share on 16 August 2020, the
            Company had acquired 1,999,000 of new placing shares at aggregate consideration of approximately HK$50,396,000. Furthermore, OncoSec
            has announced offering of common stock of an aggregate 7,711,284 shares of USD5.45 per share on 21 January 2021. The Group had acquired
            3,389,198 of new placing shares at aggregate consideration approximately HK$144,075,000. And according to the anti-dilution terms of stock
            purchase agreement on 19 October 2019, the Group has the right to acquire further shares when certain share options issued by OncoSec
            were exercised, and the Group had acquired 1,409,838 shares of USD3.45 per share on 16 April 2021 at aggregate consideration of
            approximately HK$37,939,000.

            OncoSec has announced the share consolidation on the basis of every 22 issued and outstanding common stock in to 1 share each on 8
            November 2022. Furthermore, OncoSec has announced offering of common stock of an aggregate 1,166,667 shares of USD3.00 per share on
            30 November 2022. During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s equity interest in OncoSec had decreased from 42.71% to 25.70%
            after series of transaction.

            The Group is able to exercise significant influence over OncoSec because it has the power to appoint three out of the nine directors of that
            company under the shareholders agreement.

     (j)    CoRISMA MCS Systems Incorporated (“CoRISMA”) was an associate of East Ocean Medical, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The
            Company had subscribed for approximately 22.20% of issued share capital of the CoRISMA pursuant to an agreement signed on 10 December
            2021. The Group has accounted for the investment as interest in an associate.

            The Group is able to exercise significant influence over CoRISMA because it has the power to appoint one out of the three directors of that
            company under the shareholders voting agreement. During the year ended 31 December 2022, CoRISMA has increased its number of board
            seats to include five directors and one observer. In the opinion of the Directors, a quorum must be presented in any of the board meeting and
            the board seat held by the Group will give rise to the significant influence to any significant decision.

            The Group is able to exercise significant influence over CoRISMA because it has the power to appoint one out of the five directors of that
            company under the shareholders agreement.

     (k)    FastWave Medical, Inc. (“FastWave”) is an associate of East Ocean Medical (Hong Kong) Company Limited (“East Ocean Medical”). East Ocean
            Medical had subscribed for approximately 20% of issued share capital of FastWave pursuant to an agreement on 28 July 2021 and had
            accounted for the investment as interest in an associate. The Company will inject and acquire up to 40% equity interest of issued capital of
            FastWave in phases if the conditions are met. During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group has further acquired 20% equity interest
            of FastWave after conditions being met, 40% in aggregate at the end of the year.

            The Group is able to exercise significant influence over FastWave because it has the power to appoint two out of the five directors of that
            company under the shareholders agreement.

     (l)    Xudong Haipu is a wholly foreign owned enterprise.

     (m)    These companies are wholly-domestic owned enterprises.

     The above table lists associates of the Group which, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, principally affected the
     results of the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the group. To give details of other associates would, in
     the opinion of the directors of the Company, result in particulars of excessive length.

21. GOODWILL
                                                                                                                                             HK$’000


     As at 1 January 2021                                                                                                                    505,574
     Arising on acquisition of subsidiaries (note 40)                                                                                         75,912
     Exchange realignment                                                                                                                     15,260
     As at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                                                                               596,746
     Arising on acquisition of a subsidiary (note 40)                                                                                        128,071
     Impairment loss recognised for the year                                                                                                 (36,442)
     Exchange realignment                                                                                                                    (44,328)
     As at 31 December 2022                                                                                                                 644,047
182    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

21. GOODWILL (Continued)
      Impairment Tests for Cash-generating Units Containing Goodwill
      Goodwill acquired has been allocated for impairment testing purposes to the following cash generating units (“CGU”):

      —     Zhejiang Jianju Xianle Pharmaceutical Company Limited (“Zhejiang Xianle”)

      —     Wuhan Kernel Bio-tech Co., Ltd. (“Wuhan Kernel”)

      —     Hubei Wellness Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Hubei Wellness”)

      —     Beijing Rui Yao Technology Limited (“Beijing Rui Yao”)

      —     Beijing Jiu He Pharmaceutical Limited (“Jiu He”)

      —     Tianjin Jingming New Technology Development Co., Ltd. (“Tianjin Jingming”)

      —     Xi’an Beilin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Xi’an Beilin”)

      —     Cangzhou Huachen BioTech Co., Ltd (“Huachen BioTech”)

      —     Beijing Puer Weiye Biotechnology Co., Ltd (“Puer Weiye”)

      —     Hubei Bafeng Pharmaceutical & Chemicals Share Co., Ltd. (“Hubei Bafeng”)

      The Group tests goodwill annually for impairment, or more frequently if there are indications that goodwill might be
      impaired.

      The carrying amount of goodwill (net of accumulated impairment losses) was allocated to CGU as follows:


                                                                                                    2022                2021
                                                                                                  HK$’000             HK$’000


      Zhejiang Xianle                                                                               39,136              54,944
      Wuhan Kernel                                                                                  15,836              17,146
      Hubei Wellness                                                                                22,847              24,738
      Beijing Rui Yao                                                                               24,400              26,419
      Jiu He                                                                                       181,853             196,902
      Tianjin Jingming                                                                              41,569              66,708
      Xi’an Beilin                                                                                 123,737             133,977
      Huachen BioTech                                                                               59,861              64,815
      Puer Weiye                                                                                    10,249              11,097
      Hubei Bafeng                                                                                 124,559                   –

                                                                                                   644,047             596,746
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022        183


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

21. GOODWILL (Continued)
     Impairment Tests for Cash-generating Units Containing Goodwill (Continued)
     Notes:

     Zhejiang Xianle

     The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
     financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 16% (2021: 16%) that reflects
     current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
     using 3% growth rate per annum (2021: 2%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the
     recoverable amount is based would cause further impairment loss on goodwill and other assets of Zhejiang Xianle.

     The impairment loss was caused by under-performance of the CGU from impact of the market conditions and direct cost control after the
     implementation of lockdown and restriction measures by the PRC local government. The Group’s financial budget was revised to reflect current
     assessment of economic and market conditions.

     With the assistance from an independent valuer, the directors determine the recoverable amount which based on value in use calculation to be
     lower than the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, an impairment loss of goodwill of approximately HK$15,808,000 was
     recognised for the year (2021: Nil). No impairment loss of other asset allocated to Zhejiang Xianle is considered necessary.

     Wuhan Kernel

     The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
     financial budgets approved by management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 14% (2021: 14%) that reflects current
     market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated using 3%
     growth rate per annum (2021: 2%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the
     recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

     As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment loss was
     recognised.

     Hubei Wellness

     The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
     financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 16% (2021: 14%) that reflects
     current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
     using 3% growth rate per annum (2021: 2%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the
     recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

     As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment loss was
     recognised.

     Beijing Rui Yao

     The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
     financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 16% (2021: 14%) that reflects
     current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
     using 3% growth rate per annum (2021: 2%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the
     recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

     As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment loss was
     recognised.

     Jiu He

     The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
     financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 16% (2021: 14%) that reflects
     current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
     using 3% growth rate per annum (2021: 2%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the
     recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

     As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill and intangible assets are allocated, no
     impairment loss was recognised.
184    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

21. GOODWILL (Continued)
      Impairment Tests for Cash-generating Units Containing Goodwill (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)

      Tianjin Jingming

      The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
      financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 17% (2021: 15%) that reflects
      current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
      using 2% growth rate per annum (2021: 2%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the
      recoverable amount is based would cause further impairment loss on goodwill and other assets of Tianjin Jingming.

      The impairment loss was caused by under-performance of the CGU from impact of the market conditions and direct cost control after the
      implementation of lockdown and restriction measures by the PRC local government. The Group’s financial budget was revised to reflect current
      assessment of economic and market conditions.

      With the assistance from an independent valuer, the directors determine the recoverable amount which based on value in use calculation to be
      lower than the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill and intangible assets are allocated, an impairment loss of goodwill of approximately
      HK$20,634,000 was recognised for the year (2021: Nil). No impairment loss of other asset allocated to Tianjin Jingming is considered necessary.

      Xi’an Beilin

      The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
      financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 16% (2021: 14%) that reflects
      current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
      using 3% growth rate per annum (2021: 2%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the
      recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

      As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill and intangible assets are allocated, no
      impairment loss was recognised.

      Huachen BioTech

      The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
      financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 16% (2021: 11%) that reflects
      current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
      using 3% growth rate per annum (2021: 2%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the
      recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

      As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment loss was
      recognised.

      Puer Weiye

      The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
      financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 16% (2021: 14%) that reflects
      current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
      using 3% growth rate per annum (2021: 2%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the
      recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

      As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment loss was
      recognised.


      Hubei Bafeng

      The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
      financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 14% that reflects current market
      assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated using 3% growth
      rate per annum. The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable amount is based
      would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.
                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022                185


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

21. GOODWILL (Continued)
     Impairment Tests for Cash-generating Units Containing Goodwill (Continued)
     Notes: (Continued)
     As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill and intangible assets are allocated, no
     impairment loss was recognised.

     The key assumptions used in the value in use calculations for the cash-generating units are as follows:

     Budgeted market share                                     Average market share in the period immediately before the budget period, plus a growth of 3% (2021: 2%)
                                                               of market share per year. The values assigned to the assumption reflect past experience and are consistent
                                                               with the directors’ plans for focusing operations in these markets. The directors believe that the planned
                                                               market share growth per year for the next five years is reasonably achievable.

     Budgeted gross margin                                     Average gross margins achieved in the period immediately before the budget period, increased for
                                                               expected efficiency improvements. This reflects past experience.

22. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES
     Particulars of the Group’s principal subsidiaries as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

                                                 Place of              Form of               Percentage of effective       Particulars of
                                                 incorporation/        business             equity interest and voting     issued/paid-up
       Name                                      operation             structure           power held by the Company       capital                Principal activities
                                                                                                 2022             2021


       Grand Pharm (China) Co., Ltd.                 PRC/PRC           Limited liability       99.84%           99.84%     Contributed capital    Manufacture and sales of
         (“Grand Pharm (China)”)                                         company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB470,000,000        pharmaceutical products
         (notes (iv), (vi), (vii), (viii) & (xxvii))                                                                                               in the PRC

       Wuhan Wuyao Pharmaceutical                PRC/PRC               Limited liability       99.18%           99.18%     Contributed capital    Production and sale of
        Co. Ltd. (“Wuhan Wuyao”)                                         company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB61,000,000          pharmaceutical raw material and
        (notes (i) & (viii))                                                                                                                        chemicals and export of self-made
                                                                                                                                                    products and related technologies

       Wuhan Grand Hoyo Co., Ltd.                PRC/PRC               Limited liability       97.67%           97.67%     Paid up capital        Manufacture and distribution of
        (“Wuhan Grand Hoyo”)                                             company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB50,000,000         amino acid products
        (notes (ii), (viii), (xvi), (xxv)
         and (xxix))

       Hubei Grand Fuchi Pharmaceutical PRC/PRC                        Limited liability       89.60%           89.60%     Contributed capital    Production and sales of
         and Chemical Company Limited                                    company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB38,990,000          agrochemicals, fine chemicals
         (“Hubei Fuchi”)                                                                                                                            and chemical medicine
         (notes (viii) and (xx))

       Hubei Grand EBE Bright Eyes               PRC/PRC               Limited liability       99.84%           99.84%     Contributed capital    Production and sales of ophthalmic
         Company Limited                                                 company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB114,000,000         gel and eye drops
         (“Hubei Grand EBE”)
         (note (viii))

       Zhejiang Xianle (note xxvii)              PRC/PRC               Limited liability       67.00%           67.00%     Contributed capital    Manufacture and sales of steroid
                                                                         company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB10,000,000         hormones active pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                                   ingredients (“APls”) and related
                                                                                                                                                   Intermediates

       Wuhan Kernel                              PRC/PRC               Limited liability       91.56%           91.56%     Contributed capital    Research and development,
        (notes (iii), (viii) , (xvi)                                     company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB79,200,000          production and sale of
        and (xvii))                                                                                                                                 bio-pesticides and additives
186    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

22. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                             Place of         Form of               Percentage of effective       Particulars of
                                             incorporation/   business             equity interest and voting     issued/paid-up
       Name                                  operation        structure           power held by the Company       capital               Principal activities
                                                                                        2022             2021


       Hubei Wellness (notes (v) & (viii))   PRC/PRC          Limited liability       99.84%           99.84%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of
                                                                company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB48,000,000        pharmaceutical products
                                                                                                                                          in the PRC

       Grand Pharmaceutical Huangshi         PRC/PRC          Limited liability       59.90%           59.90%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of
         Feiyun Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                        company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB125,000,000       pharmaceutical products
         (“Huangshi Feiyun”)                                                                                                             in the PRC
         (notes (viii) & (ix))

       Beijing Rui Yao (notes (x) & (xii))   PRC/PRC          Limited liability       99.84%           99.84%     Contributed capital   Investment holding
                                                                company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB23,901,750

       Beijing Huajin Pharmaceutical         PRC/PRC          Limited liability       71.88%           71.88%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of
         Co., Ltd. (“Beijing Huajin”)                           company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB7,886,400         pharmaceutical products
         (notes (viii), (x) & (xii))                                                                                                     in the PRC

       Huangshi Fuchi Water Affairs          PRC/PRC          Limited liability       99.84%           99.84%     Contributed capital   Treatment of sewage in the PRC
         Company Limited                                        company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB1,000,000
         (“Fuchi Water”) (note (xi))

       Jiuhe (note (xiii))                   PRC/PRC          Limited liability       96.84%           96.84%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of capsules,
                                                                company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB20,000,000        pharmaceutical intermediates,
                                                                                                                                         tablets, granules and soft capsules
                                                                                                                                         in the PRC

       Tianjin Jingming (note (xiv))         PRC/PRC          Limited liability       73.18%           73.18%     Contributed capital   Research and development,
                                                                company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB1,000,000          manufacture and sales of
                                                                                                                                          ophthalmic medical devices and
                                                                                                                                          disposal surgical product

       Zhu Hai Cardionovum Medical           PRC/PRC          Limited liability       77.89%           77.89%     Contributed capital   Development, manufacture and
         Device Co. Ltd. (“Zhu Hai                              company             (indirect)       (indirect)     USD1,000,000          sales of ophthalmic medical
         Cardionovum”) (note (xv))                                                                                                        devices

       Xi’an Beilin (note (xviii))           PRC/PRC          Limited liability       99.84%           99.84%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of Chinese
                                                                company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB27,800,000        medicine and health food product

       Grand Decade (note (xxi))             BVI/BVI          Limited liability         100%             100%     Contributed capital   Investment holding
                                                                company               (direct)         (direct)     HKD78,000

       Tung Yang (note (xxii))               Hong Kong/       Limited liability         100%             100%     Contributed capital   Investment holding
                                               Hong Kong      company                 (direct)         (direct)     HKD27,654,100

       Beijing Kun Wu International          PRC/PRC          Limited liability       99.84%           99.84%     Contributed capital   Land holding
         Business Limited                                       company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB3,800,000
         (“Beijing Kun Wu”)
         (note (xxiv))
                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022                187


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

22. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                        Place of          Form of               Percentage of effective       Particulars of
                                        incorporation/    business             equity interest and voting     issued/paid-up
       Name                             operation         structure           power held by the Company       capital                Principal activities
                                                                                    2022             2021
       Huachen BioTech                  PRC/PRC           Limited liability       77.94%           77.94%     Contributed capital    Research and development,
         (note (xxx))                                       Company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB100,000,000         sales and technical services
                                                                                                                                       of amino acid products

       East Ocean Medical               Hong Kong/        Limited liability         100%             100%     Contributed capital    Investment holding
         (notes (xxvii) and (xxxi))       Hong Kong         Company               (direct)         (direct)     HKD117,000,000

       Puer Weiye (note (xxxii))        PRC/PRC           Limited liability       99.84%           99.84%     Contributed capital    Radioactive Pharmaceutical
                                                            company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB18,000,000          production and trading of
                                                                                                                                       radioactive pharmaceutical


       Hubei Bafeng (note (xxxiii))     PRC/PRC           Limited liability       99.84%                 –    Contributed capital    Research and development,
                                                            company             (indirect)                      RMB30,000,000          production and operation of
                                                                                                                                       amino acid APIs and preparations


     Notes:

     (a)      Detail of subsidiaries

              None of the subsidiaries had any debt securities outstanding at the end of the year or at any time during the year.

              (i)       Pursuant to a shareholders’ resolution dated 4 January 2011, the registered capital of Wuhan Wuyao was increased from
                        RMB31,000,000 to RMB61,000,000. Then, Grand Pharm (China) injected additional capital of RMB30,000,000 into Wuhan Wuyao. As a
                        result, the Group’s equity interest in Wuhan Wuyao was increased from 72.72% to 73.18%. The registration of this transaction under
                        the PRC government authority was completed on 20 January 2011.

              (ii)      Wuhan Grand Hoyo became a subsidiary of the Group in 2010.

                        During the year ended 31 December 2010, a further 6.4% equity interest in Wuhan Grand Hoyo was acquired by Grand Pharm (China).
                        As a result, the effective equity interest in Wuhan Grand Hoyo held by the Group was increased from 41.26% to 45.97%.

              (iii)     Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with Wuhan Optics to acquire 81.0263% equity interest in Wuhan Kernel on 22
                        September 2011. The effective equity interest in Wuhan Kernel held by the Group is 59.69% upon the completion of the acquisition on
                        17 November 2011.

              (iv)      Pursuant to an agreement dated 14 February 2012, the Group acquired additional 2.28% equity interest in Grand Pharm (China) from
                        the non-controlling interests of Grand Pharm (China) at a cash consideration of RMB9.66 million (approximately HK$11.91 million). The
                        Group recognised a decrease in non-controlling interests and other reserve of approximately HK$18,047,000 and HK$6,133,000
                        respectively.

              (v)       Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with 湖北絲寶藥業有限公司 to acquire 100% equity interest in Hubei Wellness
                        Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. on 22 November 2012. The effective equity interest in Hubei Wellness held by the Group is 99.60% upon the
                        completion of the acquisition on 22 November 2012.

              (vi)      Pursuant to share transfer agreement dated on 17 December 2012, the Group further entered into an agreement to acquire
                        approximately 20.26% equity interest in Grand Pharm (China) at the consideration of RMB136.40 million (approximately HK$169.66
                        million) (representing approximately RMB6.73 million per each percentage of equity interest in Grand Pharm (China)). This acquisition
                        had been completed on 28 December 2012. Immediately after completion of this acquisition on 28 December 2012, the equity
                        interest held by the Group in Grand Pharm (China) was approximately 96.21%.
188    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

22. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)

      (a)    Detail of subsidiaries (Continued)

             (vii)    Pursuant to share transfer agreement dated on 21 December 2012, the Group further entered into an agreement to acquire
                      approximately 3.39% equity interest in Grand Pharm (China) at the consideration of RMB20.06 million (representing approximately
                      RMB5.92 million per each percentage of equity interest in Grand Pharm (China)). This acquisition had been completed on 28
                      December 2012. Immediately after completion of this acquisition on 28 December 2012, the equity interest held by the Group in
                      Grand Pharm (China) was approximately 99.6%. As a result of the acquisition detail on note (iv), (vi) & (vii), the Group’s equity interest in
                      Wuhan Wuyao was increased from 73.18% to 98.94%; Wuhan Grand Hoyo was increased from 45.97% to 62.15%; Hubei Fuchi was
                      increased from 60.72% to 82.09%; Hubei Grand EBE was increased from 73.67% to 99.60% and Wuhan Kemel was increased from
                      59.69% to 80.70%.

             (viii)   Pursuant to share transfer agreement dated on 10 October 2014, Grand Pharm (China) had increased the paid-up capital to
                      RMB470,000,000. The Group had paid RMB285,000,000 during the year ended 2014. After the payment of additional paid-up capital,
                      the Group further acquired approximately 0.24% equity interest in Grand Pharm (China) at the consideration of RMB1.134 million
                      (representing approximately RMB4.725 million per each percentage of equity interest in Grand Pharm (China)). This acquisition had
                      been completed on 23 October 2014. Immediately after completion of this acquisition on 23 October 2014, the equity interest held by
                      the Group in Grand Pharm (China) was approximately 99.84%. As a result of the acquisition detail on notes (iv), (vi) & (vii), the Group’s
                      equity interest in Wuhan Wuyao was increased from 98.94% to 99.18%; Wuhan Grand Hoyo was increased from 62.15% to 62.30%;
                      Hubei Fuchi was increased from 82.09% to 82.29%; Hubei Grand EBE was increased from 99.60% to 99.84%, Wuhan Kemel was
                      increased from 80.70% to 80.90%. Hubei Wellness was increased from 99.60% to 99.84%; Huangshi Feiyun was increased from 59.76%
                      to 59.90% and Beijing Huajin was increased from 50.80% to 50.92%.

             (ix)     Pursuant to an agreement dated 22 February 2013, the Group established and owned 60% equity interest in Huangshi Feiyun. The
                      effective equity interest in Huangshi Feiyun held by the Group is 59.76% on 22 February 2013.

             (x)      Pursuant to an agreement dated 16 July 2013, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with Beijing Kun Wu International
                      Business Limited to acquire 70.84% equity interest in Beijing Rui Yao on 31 October 2013. Beijing Rui Yao also owning 72% equity
                      interest in Beijing Huajin without any encumbrances and potential disputes, and upon completion of Rui Yao acquisition, Grand
                      Pharm (China) will own approximately 70.56% equity interest in Rui Yao and approximately 50.80% equity interest in Beijing Huajin
                      indirectly through Rui Yao.

             (xi)     The Group established and owned 99.84% equity interest in Fuchi Water. The effective equity interest in Fuchi Water held by the
                      Group is 99.84% on 30 September 2014.

             (xii)    Pursuant to an agreement dated 11 December 2014, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with Beijing Kun Wu
                      International Business Limited to acquire 29.16% equity interest in Beijing Rui Yao on 1 January 2015. Beijing Rui Yao also owning 72%
                      equity interest in Beijing Huajin without any encumbrances and potential disputes, and upon completion of Rui Yao additional
                      acquisition, the Group will own approximately 99.84% equity interest in Rui Yao and approximately 71.88% equity interest in Beijing
                      Huajin indirectly through Rui Yao.

             (xiii)   Pursuant to an agreement dated 17 July 2015, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with Ningbo CDH Jinxiu Investment
                      Management Company Limited (the “Ningbo CDH”) to acquire 67.00% equity interest in Jiuhe on 31 July 2015 and upon completion
                      of Jiuhe acquisition, the Group will own approximately 66.89% equity interest in Jiuhe. During the year ended 2015, a further 30.00%
                      equity interest in Jiuhe was acquired by Grand Pharm (China). As a result, the effective equity interest in Jiuhe held by the Group was
                      increased from 66.89% to 96.84%.

             (xiv)    Pursuant to an agreement dated 22 December 2014, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with Wu Liang and Fan Li Jin to
                      acquire 73.30% equity interest in Tianjin Jingming on 1 January 2015. The effective equity interest in Tianjin Jingming held by the
                      Group is 73.18% on 1 January 2015.

             (xv)     The Group established and owned 77.89% equity interest in Zhu Hai Cardionovum. The effective equity interest in Zhu Hai
                      Cardionovum held by the Group is 77.89% on 9 October 2015.
                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022         189


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

22. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     Notes: (Continued)

     (a)    Detail of subsidiaries (Continued)

            (xvi)    During the year ended 31 December 2016, the Group increase effective equity interest by 13.44% in Huang Gang Fuchi Pharmaceutical
                     Co., Ltd. from the non-controlling interests at consideration of three subsidiaries shares of 2.59% in Wuhan Grand Hoyo; 2.11% in
                     Wuhan Kemel and 3.47% in Hubei Grand Bio-technology Limited.

            (xvii)   During the year ended 31 December 2016, the Group acquired additional 1.55% and 16.05% equity interest in Wuhan Kernel from the
                     non-controlling interests of Wuhan Kernel at a cash consideration of RMB3,000,000 and RMB20,180,000 (approximately HK$3,362,000
                     and HK$22,614,000). The Group recognised an decrease in non-controlling interests and decrease in other reserve of approximately
                     HK$28,165,000 and HK$2,059,000 respectively.

            (xviii) Pursuant to an agreement dated 29 June 2016, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with independent third parties to
                    acquire 77.21% equity interest in Xi’an Beilin on 13 July 2016. Xi’an Beilin also owing 100%, 100% and 79% equity interest in Shenxi Xin
                    Beilin Medical Company Limited (the “Shenxi Xin Beilin”), Xi’an Hanyuan Shiye Company Limited (the “Xi’an Hanyuan Shiye”) and Xi’an
                    Beilin Biological Technology Company Limited (the “Xi’an Beilin Biological”) without any encumbrances and potential disputes, and
                    upon completion of Xi’an Beilin acquisition, the Group will own approximately 77.09% equity interest in Xi’an Beilin and approximately
                    77.09%, 77.09% and 60.91% equity interest in Shenxi Xin Beilin, Xi’an Hanyuan Shiye and Xi’an Beilin Biological indirectly through Xi’an
                    Beilin. During the year ended 31 December 2016, the Group derecognised Xi’an Beilin Biological Technology.

                     During the year ended 31 December 2017, Grand Pharm (China) acquire additional 22.79% equity interest in Xi’an Beilin from the non-
                     controlling interests of Xi’an Beilin at a cash consideration of RMB131,512,000 (approximately HK$151,606,000), and upon completion
                     of the further acquisition, the Group will own approximately 99.84% equity interest in Xi’an Beilin and approximately 99.84% and
                     99.84% equity interest in Shenxi Xin Beilin and Xi’an Huanyuan Shiye indirectly through Xi’an Beilin. The Group recognised a decrease
                     in non-controlling interests and decrease in other reserve of approximately HK$113,123,000 and HK$38,484,000 respectively.

            (xix)    During the year ended 31 December 2017, Wuhan Kernel had increased the contributed capital to RMB79,200,000. After the payment
                     of additional of contributed capital, Grand Pharm (China) disposed 4.9% equity interest in Wuhan Kernel to independent third party at
                     a cash consideration of RMB12,740,000 (approximately HK$14,687,000). Upon the completion of the partial disposal, the Group will
                     own approximately 91.56% equity interest in Wuhan Kernel indirectly. The Group recognised an increase in non-controlling interests
                     and increase in other reserve of approximately HK$5,832,000 and HK$8,853,000 respectively.

            (xx)     During the year ended 31 December 2017, Grand Pharm (China) acquire additional approximately 7.32% equity interest in Hubei Fuchi
                     from the non-controlling interests of Hubei Fuchi at a cash consideration of approximately RMB11,679,000 (approximately
                     HK$13,463,000), and upon completion of the further acquisition, the Group will own approximately 89.60% equity interest in Hubei
                     Fuchi. The Group recognised a decrease in non-controlling interests and decrease in other reserve of approximately HK$7,506,000 and
                     HK$5,957,000 respectively. As a result of the acquisition, the Group’s equity interest in Wuhan Grand Hoyo was increased from 59.71%
                     to 60.80%; and Hubei Fuchi was increased from 82.29% to 89.60%.

            (xxi)    During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Company establish Grand Decade for the purpose of acquiring associate, Grand
                     Pharma Sphere.

            (xxii)   During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Company acquire 100% equity interest in Tung Yang at aggregate consideration
                     HK$2,004,227,000. Upon completion, Xudong Haipu becomes an associate of the Company.

            (xxiii) Pursuant to an agreement dated 20 November 2019, the Group acquired additional of 24.6% equity interest in Wuhan Grand Hoyo
                    from the non-controlling interests of Wuhan Grand Hoyo at a cash consideration of RMB73,724,700 (approximately HK$83,630,000),
                    and upon completion of the further acquisition, the effective equity interest in Wuhan Grand Hoyo held by the Group is approximately
                    84.76%. The Group recognised a decrease in non-controlling interests and other reserve of approximately HK$77,803,000 and
                    HK$5,827,000 respectively.
190    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

22. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)

      (a)    Detail of subsidiaries (Continued)

             (xxiv) During the year ended 31 December 2019, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with 北京瑞雅科國際企業管理有限公司
                    to acquire 100% equity interest in Beijing Kun Wu. The effective equity interest in Beijing Kun Wu held by the Group is 99.84% upon
                    the completion of the acquisition on 1 May 2019.

             (xxv)   Pursuant to an agreement dated 16 July 2020, the Group acquired additional of 3.0% equity interest in Wuhan Grand Hoyo from the
                     non-controlling interests of Wuhan Grand Hoyo at a cash consideration of RMB8,990,800 (approximately HK$10,102,000), and upon
                     completion of the further acquisition, the effective equity interest in Wuhan Grand Hoyo held by the Group is approximately 87.69%.

             (xxvi) The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Group, which, in the opinion of the Directors, principally affected the results or assets of
                    the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors result in particulars of excessive lengths.

             (xxvii) These companies are foreign and domestic owned enterprises.

             (xxviii) Except the companies listed in note (xxvii), all other companies incorporated and operating in PRC are wholly domestic owned
                      enterprises.

             (xxix) Pursuant to an agreement dated 31 July 2021, the Group acquired additional of 9.98% equity interest in Wuhan Grand Hoyo from the
                    non-controlling interests of Wuhan Grand Hoyo at a cash consideration of RMB51,980,000 (approximately HK$63,020,000), and upon
                    completion of the further acquisition, the effective equity interest in Wuhan Grand Hoyo held by the Group is approximately 97.67%.

             (xxx)   In October 2021, Hubei Grand Life Science & Technology Co., Ltd. (“Grand Life Science”) of the Group entered into an equity acquisition
                     agreement with Hebei Huayang Biological Technology Co., Ltd.*, pursuant to which Grand Life Science will acquire 80% equity interest
                     in Cangzhou Huachen BioTech Co., Ltd.* (滄州華晨生物科技有限公司, “Huachen BioTech”) at a consideration of RMB107,200,000
                     (equivalent to approximately HK$130,852,000) to establish a presence in the glycine industry chain and lay a foundation for the
                     establishment of the Group’s leading position in the amino acid industry.

             (xxxi) East Ocean Medical became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group in 2021. During the year ended 31 December 2021, a further 752
                    shares of East Ocean Medical was acquired by the Company.

             (xxxii) In November 2020, the Group and Puer Weiye entered into a share purchase agreement, pursuant to which the Group will acquire
                     100% equity interests in Puer Weiye for a cash consideration of RMB10,000,000 (equivalents to HKD12,249,000) subject to conditions
                     precedent. Upon completion of this acquisition, the effective equity interest in Puer Weiye held by the Group is approximately 99.84%.

             (xxxiii) In July 2022, the Group entered into an equity acquisition agreement with Hubei Bafeng, pursuant to which the Group will acquire
                      100% equity interest in Hubei Bafeng at a cash consideration of RMB270,000,000 (equivalents to HK$313,900,000) after the relevant
                      conditions as agreed in the acquisition agreement are fulfilled. Upon completion of acquisition, the effective equity interest in Hubei
                      Bafeng held by the Group is approximately 99.84%. The date of completion of acquisition is 12 August 2022. Details refer to note 40(b).

      (b)    Detail of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests

                                      Place of
                                      incorporation/         Proportion of ownership
                                      registration       interests and voting rights held       Profits allocated to                 Accumulated
             Name of Company          and operation        by non-controlling interests       non-controlling interests         non-controlling interests
                                                                  2022               2021           2022              2021            2022              2021


             Wuhan Grand Hoyo         PRC/PRC                   2.33%              2.33%           5,920             2,765         17,464             12,680

             Jiuhe                    PRC/PRC                   3.16%              3.16%           9,539             5,828          6,428             18,830

             Wuhan Kernel             PRC/PRC                   8.44%              8.44%           4,922             3,439         27,475             27,907


             Summarised financial information in respect of each of the Group’s subsidiaries that has material non-controlling interests is set out below.
             The summarised financial information below represents amounts before intragroup eliminations.
                                                                                                                Annual Report 2022      191


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

22. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     Notes: (Continued)

     (b)    Detail of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests (Continued)

            Wuhan Grand Hoyo and its subsidiaries

                                                                                                                 2022              2021
                                                                                                               HK$’000           HK$’000


            Current assets                                                                                      998,895           587,842
            Non-current assets                                                                                  193,632            72,881
            Current liabilities                                                                                (306,288)         (115,335)
            Non-current liabilities                                                                            (136,720)           (1,034)
            Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                        732,055           531,674
            Non-controlling interests                                                                            17,464            12,680

            Revenue                                                                                         1,494,335           1,056,972
            Other revenue and income                                                                           22,302               9,052
            Expenses                                                                                       (1,262,556)           (947,347)

            Profit for the year                                                                                254,081           118,677

            Profit attributable to owners of the Company                                                       248,161           115,912
            Profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                     5,920             2,765

            Total comprehensive income for the year                                                            205,165           134,158

            Total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the Company                                   200,381           131,032
            Total comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests                                 4,784             3,126

            Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                           201,029               46,748
            Net cash outflow from investing activities                                                         (111,201)             (90,754)
            Net cash outflow from financing activities                                                          (81,840)              (1,044)
            Effect of foreign exchange rate charges                                                              (4,396)               6,866

            Net cash inflow/(outflow)                                                                             3,592              (38,184)
192    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

22. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)

      (b)    Detail of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests (Continued)

             Wuhan Kernel

                                                                                                                  2022        2021
                                                                                                                HK$’000     HK$’000


             Current assets                                                                                      323,365     193,087
             Non-current assets                                                                                  283,200     370,583
             Current liabilities                                                                                (199,366)   (187,183)
             Non-current liabilities                                                                             (81,666)    (41,868)
             Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                        298,058     306,712
             Non-controlling interests                                                                            27,475      27,907

             Revenue                                                                                             301,870     261,908
             Other revenue and income                                                                             16,764      18,717
             Expenses                                                                                           (260,322)   (238,942)

             Profit for the year                                                                                 58,312      41,683

             Profit attributable to owners of the Company                                                        53,390      38,244
             Profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                     4,922       3,439

             Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year                                                       (4,384)    45,930

             Total comprehensive (loss)/income attributable to owners of the Company                              (4,014)    42,434
             Total comprehensive (loss)/income attributable to non-controlling interests                            (370)     3,496

             Dividend paid to non-controlling interest                                                              (397)       (227)
             Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                            54,958      82,284
             Net cash outflow from investing activities                                                         (170,827)    (96,324)
             Net cash inflow from financing activities (excluding dividend paid to non-controlling interest)     111,900       3,275
             Effect of foreign exchange rate charges                                                              (6,481)     10,112

             Net cash outflow                                                                                    (10,847)       (880)
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022       193


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

22. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     Notes: (Continued)

     (b)    Detail of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests (Continued)

            Jiu He

                                                                                                                     2022                   2021
                                                                                                                   HK$’000                HK$’000


            Current assets                                                                                         515,657                 422,139
            Non-current assets                                                                                      63,197                 620,814
            Current liabilities                                                                                   (374,814)               (363,453)
            Non-current liabilities                                                                                   (623)                (82,713)
            Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                           196,989                 577,957
            Non-controlling interests                                                                                6,428                  18,830

            Revenue                                                                                              1,039,003                 905,386
            Other revenue and income                                                                                   964                   5,324
            Expenses                                                                                              (738,109)               (725,987)

            Profit for the year                                                                                    301,858                184,723

            Profit attributable to owners of the Company                                                           292,319                178,895
            Profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                         9,539                  5,828

            Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year                                                        (179,145)               203,286

            Total comprehensive (loss)/income attributable to owners of the Company                               (173,484)               196,872
            Total comprehensive (loss)/income attributable to non-controlling interests                             (5,661)                 6,414

            Dividend paid to non-controlling interest                                                               (6,769)                 (4,559)
            Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                              259,525                 140,633
            Net cash inflow/(outflow) from investing activities                                                     10,227                  (4,092)
            Net cash outflow from financing activities (excluding dividend paid to non-controlling interest)      (219,084)               (173,119)
            Effect of foreign exchange rate charges                                                                 (7,882)                 10,797

            Net cash inflow/(outflow)                                                                               36,017                 (30,340)


            Significant restrictions

            Cash and short-term deposits of RMB held in the PRC are subject to local exchange control regulations. These local exchange control
            regulations provide for restrictions on exporting capital from the PRC, other than through normal dividends.

     (c)    Change in ownership interests in Wuhan Grand Ho Yo and its subsidiaries

            During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group acquired 9.98% effective equity interests of from a non-controlling shareholder, which
            held 10% interests of Wuhan Grand Ho Yo and its subsidiaries, pursuant to an equity transfer agreement at a cash consideration of
            RMB51,980,000 (approximately HK$63,020,000).
194    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

23. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                   Patent,
                                                                            trademark and
                                                                                capitalised
                                                       Pharmaceutical         development         Acquired
                                                          technology                   cost   Patent rights               Total
                                                              HK$’000              HK$’000         HK$’000              HK$’000


      Cost
      As at 1 January 2021                                         7,489           792,102           171,794            971,385
      Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 40)                            –                 –            50,380             50,380
      Addition                                                         –            37,058            27,739             64,797
      Exchange realignment                                           248            26,238             3,930             30,416

      As at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                    7,737           855,398           253,843           1,116,978
      Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 40)                            –            70,255                 –              70,255
      Addition                                                         –             2,297           429,071             431,368
      Exchange realignment                                          (591)          (67,667)          (24,042)            (92,300)
      As at 31 December 2022                                      7,146           860,283           658,872          1,526,301
      Accumulated amortisation and
        impairment loss
      As at 1 January 2021                                         2,088                 –            87,454              89,542
      Provided for the year                                          381                 –            16,643              17,024
      Exchange realignment                                            75                 –               573                 648

      As at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                    2,544                 –           104,670            107,214
      Provided for the year                                          368                 –            31,973             32,341
      Exchange realignment                                          (205)                –           (11,041)           (11,246)
      As at 31 December 2022                                      2,707                  –          125,602            128,309

      Net carrying amounts
      As at 31 December 2022                                      4,439           860,283           533,270          1,397,992
      As at 31 December 2021                                       5,193           855,398           149,173           1,009,764


      The economic useful life of recognised intangible assets are as follows:

      Intangible assets                                                                                    Economic useful life
      Pharmaceutical technology                                                                                          20 years
      Acquired patent rights                                                                                      5 years–7 years
      Patents, trademarks and capitalised development cost                                                  indefinite useful lives

      The patents and trademarks will expire in the coming two to five years and subject to renewal. The directors of the Company
      are not aware of any expected impediment with respect to the renewal of the patents and trademarks and consider that the
      possibility of failing in renewal is remote and the patents and trademarks will generate net cash flows for the Group for an
      indefinite period. Therefore, the patents and trademarks are treated as having an indefinite useful life.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022      195


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

23. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
     The carrying amount of intangible assets were allocated to CGU as follow:


                                                                                                      2022                 2021
                                                                                                    HK$’000              HK$’000


     Jiuhe                                                                                          509,275              551,420
     Tianjin Jingming                                                                                53,042               57,431
     Xi’an Beilin                                                                                   193,477              209,489
     East Ocean                                                                                      38,816               38,816
     Shenming Medical                                                                                10,102               11,564
     Hubei Bafeng                                                                                    68,328                    –

                                                                                                    873,040              868,720


     For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill, patents and trademarks above have been allocated to the acquired cash
     generating units, details of impairment assessment were set out in note 21. During the years ended 31 December 2022 and
     2021, the management of the Group determined that there was no impairment loss to patents and trademarks.

24. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS
     The following are the major deferred tax assets recognised and the movements thereof during the current and prior years:

                                                                                                         ECL
                                                                                                   provision               Total
                                                                                                     HK$’000             HK$’000


     As at 1 January 2021                                                                              25,162             25,162
     Arising on acquisition of subsidiaries (note 40)                                                      69                 69
     Charged to profit or loss                                                                         (1,373)            (1,373)
     Exchange realignment                                                                                 750                750

     As at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                                         24,608             24,608

     Credited to profit or loss                                                                         1,833                1,833
     Exchange realignment                                                                              (1,856)              (1,856)
     As at 31 December 2022                                                                           24,585             24,585


     As at 31 December 2022, the Group has unused tax losses of approximately HK$567,126,000 (2021: HK$615,936,000)
     available to offset against future profits. No deferred tax assets have been recognised in respect of the remaining tax losses
     of approximately HK$567,126,000 (2021: HK$615,936,000) due to the unpredictability of future profit streams.
196     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

25. EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                                           2022                       2021
                                                                                                                         HK$’000                    HK$’000


      Unlisted equity securities (note a)                                                                                542,477                    145,685
      Listed equity securities (note b)                                                                                   24,843                          –

                                                                                                                         567,320                    145,685

      Note:

      (a)      As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the unlisted equity securities was arrived on the basis of valuations carried out by an
               independent professional valuer, details of movements are set out in note 5(b)(vi).

      (b)      As at 31 December 2022, the fair value of the listed equity securities was determined with reference to quoted market bid prices.




26. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                                                           2022                       2021
                                                                                                                         HK$’000                    HK$’000


      Listed equity security in HK (note (a))                                                                             14,499                     33,332
      Listed equity security in Australia (note (a))                                                                     423,596                    905,156
      Investment at fair value (note (b))                                                                                600,487                    174,480

                                                                                                                       1,038,582                   1,112,968

      Notes:

      (a)      Fair value was determined with reference to quoted market bid prices.

      (b)      As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group’s investment in wealth management products were designed at financial assets at fair value
               through profit or loss of which fair values are determined by reference to the quoted market bid prices available on the relevant PRC market.


      The financial assets at fair value through profit or loss were classified as level 1 of fair value hierarchy.

27. INVENTORIES
                                                                                                                           2022                       2021
                                                                                                                         HK$’000                    HK$’000


      Raw materials                                                                                                      306,897                    285,761
      Work-in-progress                                                                                                   543,611                    335,679
      Finished goods                                                                                                     489,958                    495,716

                                                                                                                       1,340,466                   1,117,156
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022        197


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

28. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                                        2022                    2021
                                                                                                                      HK$’000                 HK$’000


     Trade receivables, net                                                                                         1,093,854                  967,703
     Bills receivables                                                                                                819,880                  829,402
     Deposits and prepayments (note (a))                                                                            1,853,237                1,104,631
     Other tax receivables                                                                                             68,700                   63,528
     Other receivables, net                                                                                           190,735                  162,293

                                                                                                                    4,026,406                3,127,557

     Less: non-current portion prepayments                                                                         (1,029,022)                (466,107)

     Current portion                                                                                                2,997,384                2,661,450


     Notes:

     (a)      During the year ended 31 December 2022, prepayment amounted to approximately HK$947,408,000 (2021: HK$658,719,000) which mainly
              comprised of the prepayment for the acquisition of technical know-how, and the deposits amounted to approximately HK$156,242,000 (2021:
              HK$169,885,000) for trade and rental deposits. The prepayments mainly paid to certain third-party pharmaceutical institutes located in the
              PRC, Australia, Canada and Germany (2021: PRC and Australia) for the acquisition of certain technical knowhow for certain medication
              pursuant to agreements entered into between the Group and those pharmaceutical institutes.

              Specially, as at 31 December 2022, the deposits and prepayment mainly comprise of the followings:

              (i)     The Group had prepaid of approximately USD25,000,000 (2021: USD25,000,000) (equivalent to HK$195,000,000 (2021: HK$193,762,000))
                      to Telix Pharmaceuticals Limited related to the milestones payments pursuant to the licensing agreement. Details of which are stated
                      in the Company published announcement dated 1 November 2020.

              (ii)    The Group had prepaid of approximately EUR30,000,000 (equivalent to HK$245,831,000) to ITM Isotope Technologies Munich SE
                      related to the milestones payments of acquisition and license of certain technical know-how. Details of which are stated in the
                      Company published announcement dated 27 December 2021.

              (iii)   The Group had prepaid of approximately EUR10,000,000 (equivalent to HK$83,843,000) to InnovHeart S.r.l. related to the upfront
                      payments of acquisition of certain technical know-how.

              (iv)    The Group had prepaid of approximately USD5,489,000 (2021: USD5,489,000) (equivalent to HK$42,884,000 (2021: HK$42,884,000)) to
                      Conavi Medical Inc. related to the milestones payments of acquisition of certain technical know-how.

              (v)     The Group had paid approximately HK$156,243,000 (2021: HK$155,490,000) to Natixis as deposit for the Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd.
                      (“Sirtex HoldCo”) project.

              (vi)    The Group had recognised a prepayment of approximately USD17,718,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$138,420,000) related to
                      transfer of equity interest of CNCB Healthcare Investment Fund II L.P. (the “Fund”). Please refer to note 48 for further details.
198    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

28. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      The Group generally allows a credit period of 30–180 days (2021: 30–180 days) to its trade customers. The Group does not
      hold any collaterals over the trade and other receivables. The following is an aging analysis of trade receivables presented
      based on the invoice date at the reporting date. The bills receivables were all with maturity within 180 days from the
      reporting date.


                                                                                                     2022                 2021
                                                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000


      Trade receivables                                                                           1,155,195            1,070,634
      Less: allowance for ECL                                                                       (61,341)            (102,931)

      Total trade receivables                                                                     1,093,854             967,703


      The ageing analysis of the trade receivables is as follows:


                                                                                                     2022                 2021
                                                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000


      Within 90 days                                                                                788,026             738,650
      91–180 days                                                                                   218,252             155,539
      181–365 days                                                                                   87,576              73,514

                                                                                                  1,093,854             967,703


      As of 1 January 2021, the carrying amount of trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to HK$815,265,000.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022    199


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

28. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
                                                                                                    2022                 2021
                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000


     Other receivables                                                                             221,168             208,435
     Less: allowance for ECL                                                                       (30,433)            (46,142)

     Total other receivables                                                                       190,735             162,293


     Allowance for ECL in respect of trade and other receivables are recorded using an allowance account unless the Group is
     satisfied that recovery of the amount is remote, in which case the impairment loss is written off against trade and other
     receivable balances directly.

     The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancement over its trade and other receivables balances. Trade
     and other receivables are non-interest bearing.

     The Directors considered that the residual amounts of trade and other receivables are fully recoverable and no provision for
     impairment.

29. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS
                                                                                                    2022                 2021
                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000


     Cash in banks                                                                               1,443,957            1,752,823
     Cash on hand                                                                                       57                   37

                                                                                                 1,444,014            1,752,860


     At the end of the reporting period, cash and cash equivalents comprise of the followings:


                                                                                                    2022                 2021
                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000


     HK$                                                                                            19,782                8,299
     USD                                                                                           121,402              111,744
     Australian dollars (the “AUD”)                                                                  2,182                3,801
     Euro dollars (the “EURO”)                                                                         621                   10
     RMB                                                                                         1,300,027            1,629,006

                                                                                                 1,444,014            1,752,860


     As at 31 December 2022, bank deposits of approximately HK$1,357,000 (2021: HK$7,645,000) are pledged as collateral for
     bills payables and bank borrowings respectively.

     As at 31 December 2022, the annual effective interest rate on pledged bank deposits is 1.15% (2021: 1.18%).

     The remittance of cash and cash equivalents denominated in RMB out of the PRC is subject to the foreign exchange control
     restrictions imposed by the government of the PRC.
200     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

30. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                                               2022                     2021
                                                                                                                             HK$’000                  HK$’000


      Trade payables                                                                                                         687,731                   549,963
      Bills payables                                                                                                         185,129                   184,535
      Accruals and other payables                                                                                          1,517,066                 1,943,515
      Other tax payables                                                                                                      98,201                   193,746

      Total                                                                                                                2,488,127                 2,871,759


      The following is an ageing analysis of trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period.


                                                                                                                               2022                     2021
                                                                                                                             HK$’000                  HK$’000


      Within 90 days                                                                                                         516,952                   300,002
      Over 90 days                                                                                                           170,779                   249,961

                                                                                                                             687,731                   549,963


      The average credit period on purchases of goods is 90 days.

      The bills payables are mature within 180 days from the end of the reporting period.

31. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                               2022                     2021
                                                                                                                             HK$’000                  HK$’000


      Amount received in advance in relation to sales of pharmaceutical products (note)                                      318,824                   202,106

      Notes:

      (a)      As at 1 January 2021, contract liabilities amounted to approximately HK$269,049,000.


      (b)      Contract liabilities in relation to sales of finished goods are expected to be settled within one year. The entire amount of contract liabilities as
               at 1 January 2022 was all recognised as revenue during current year.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022    201


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

32. BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS
                                                                                                    2022                2021
                                                                                                  HK$’000             HK$’000


     Bank borrowings (secured)                                                                  3,741,383            2,849,285
     Other borrowing (unsecured)                                                                  664,031              777,256

                                                                                                4,405,414            3,626,541

     Carrying amount repayable:
     On demand or within one year                                                               3,243,126            2,116,471
     More than one year but not exceeding two years                                               910,705            1,490,794
     More than two years but not more than five years                                             251,583               19,276

                                                                                                4,405,414            3,626,541

     Less: non-current portion                                                                  1,162,288            1,510,070

     Current portion                                                                            3,243,126            2,116,471


     As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, certain bank loans are guaranteed by China Grand Enterprises Incorporation, a related
     company with common controlling shareholder of the Company, and secured by the plant and machinery, buildings, right-
     of-use assets, interests in subsidiaries and pledged bank deposits of the Group in the PRC as detailed in note 43.

     On 29 April 2021 and 23 June 2021, the Group has borrowed secured bank borrowings of HK$430,000,000 and
     USD75,000,000 (equivalent to HK$582,098,000) that were charged at fixed interest rate of 1.4% plus HIBOR and 1.6% plus
     HIBOR respectively.

     The Group has entered into the TRS transaction with Natixis during the year ended 31 December 2021. As a result,
     unsecured other borrowings of USD100,000,000 (equivalent to HK$777,256,000) was raised. The Group shall pay a floating
     amount to Natixis, on a semi-annual basis, calculated with reference to the Equity Notional Amount at the USD-LIBOR-BBA
     for a designated maturity of 6 months (subject to a minimum of zero) plus a spread of 2.5% per annum (for the first two
     years) or 4.5% per annum (for the period after the first two years).

     Except above, remaining borrowings of the Group are denominated in RMB.

     As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the bank loans are granted by banks in the PRC and Hong Kong.

     Except for the bank loans of approximately HK$1,952,531,000 (2021: HK$226,042,000) that were charged at fixed interest rate
     2.70% to 5.50% (2021: 2.18% to 6.89%) per annum, all other bank loans bear variable interest rates from 2.70% to 7.68%
     (2021: 3.50% to 6.89%) per annum.
202    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

33. LEASE LIABILITIES
      The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities of the Group’s lease liabilities at the current reporting
      periods and at the date of transition of HKFRS 16:


                                                                     As at                                   As at
                                                              31 December 2022                        31 December 2021
                                                              Present                                 Present
                                                          value of the          Total             value of the           Total
                                                            minimum         minimum                 minimum          minimum
                                                                 lease          lease                    lease           lease
                                                            payments       payments                 payments         payments
                                                             HK$’000         HK$’000                  HK$’000          HK$’000


      Within 1 year                                              9,785             13,559               5,728               6,976

      After 1 year but within 2 years                            9,663             12,838               4,392               5,285
      After 2 years but within 5 years                          24,370             30,638               7,163               8,324
      After 5 years                                             26,050             29,353               1,751               3,086

                                                                60,083             72,829              13,306             16,695

                                                                69,868             86,388              19,034             23,671

      Less: total future interest expenses                                        (16,520)                                 (4,637)

      Present value of lease obligations                                           69,868                                 19,034


                                                                                                      As at               As at
                                                                                               31 December         31 December
                                                                                                      2022                2021
                                                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000


      Current liabilities                                                                              9,785               5,728
      Non-current liabilities                                                                         60,083              13,306

                                                                                                      69,868              19,034


      The carrying amount of the lease liabilities approximate their fair value. As at 31 December 2022, the Group leased property,
      plant and equipment under lease liabilities with net book value approximately HK$57,114,000 (2021: HK$17,009,000).
                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022       203


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

34. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/(TO) RELATED COMPANIES
     Details of amounts due from related companies are as follows:


     Name of related companies (note (a)):                                                                            2022                   2021
                                                                                                                  HK$’000                HK$’000


     Amounts due from related companies under common control
       of members/shareholder of the Group
       Hebei Grand Jiufu Biochemical Co., Ltd. (formerly known as
        Baoding Jiufu Biochemical Company Limited)                                                                  10,772                     495
       Jiangsu Grand Xinyi Pharmaceutical Company Limited                                                            9,044                   9,748
       Huadong Medicine Co. Ltd                                                                                     13,408                   2,820
       Guangdong Leiyunshang Pharmaceutical Company Limited                                                            672                       –
       Huadong Medicine (Lishui) Company Limited                                                                         –                      63
       Shenyang Yaoda Leiyunshang Pharmaceutical Company Limited                                                        37                       –
       Huadong Medicine (Xi’An) Bohua Pharmaceutical Company Limited                                                     –                     126
       Huadong Medicine (Hangzhou) Biological Products Company Limited                                                   –                      29
       Henan Grand Bio-Pharm.Co.,Ltd.                                                                                  152                     160
       Guiyang Yuanda Real Estate Development Co.,Ltd.                                                                  14                       –
       Yuanda Shuyang Pharmaceutical Co.,Ltd.                                                                            7                       –
       China Grand Group Co.,Ltd.                                                                                      182                       –

                                                                                                                    34,288                 13,441
     Less: allowance for ECL                                                                                          (541)                  (121)

                                                                                                                    33,747                 13,320

     Note:

     (a)     The name of related companies are English translation of Chinese name or words which included for identification purpose only and should
             not be regarded as the official English name or official translation of such Chinese name or words.


     Details of impairment assessment as at 31 December 2022 are set out in note 5(b)(iv).

     The Group had policy regarding impairment losses on amounts due from related parties which was based on the evaluation
     of collectability and on the management’s judgement including the current creditworthiness and the past collection history
     of each related party.

     Members of the shareholder of the Group have controlling interests over the related companies.

     The amounts due from/(to) related companies are unsecured, interest-free and recoverable/repayable on demand.
204    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

35. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES
      The followings are the major deferred tax liabilities recognised and movements thereof during the current and prior years:

                                                                                    Property,
                                                                                    plant and
                                                                                  equipment
                                                                                          and
                                                                  Intangible     right-of-use      Investment
                                                                      assets           assets       properties            Total
                                                                     HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000


      As at 1 January 2021                                            138,314           31,415           12,150          181,879
      Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 40)                                 –            1,317                –            1,317
      Charged to profit or loss                                         1,587            3,987            3,410            8,984
      Exchange realignment                                              4,195            1,016              458            5,669

      As at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                       144,096           37,735           16,018          197,849
      Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 40)                            10,538            9,621                –           20,159
      Charged to profit or loss                                        25,303            7,467            3,801           36,571
      Exchange realignment                                            (29,858)          (3,240)          (1,333)         (34,431)
      As at 31 December 2022                                         150,079           51,583           18,486         220,148


      Under the EIT Law of the PRC, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned by the PRC
      subsidiaries from 1 January 2008 onwards. Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the consolidated financial
      statements in respect of temporary differences attributable to accumulated profits of the PRC subsidiaries amounting to
      approximately HK$8,349,100,000 (2021: approximately HK$6,537,720,000) and the estimated tax liabilities of approximately
      HK$417,455,000 (2021: approximately HK$326,886,000) as the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the
      temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not be reversed in the foreseeable future.

36. AMOUNT DUE TO THE IMMEDIATE HOLDING COMPANY
      The amount is unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.
                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2022         205


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

37. DEFERRED INCOME
     The movement of deferred income is set out below:

                                                                                                                                                 HK$’000


     As at 1 January 2021                                                                                                                        341,606
     Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 40)                                                                                                         3,238
     Compensation received during the year (note (b) and (d))                                                                                      9,998
     Credit to profit or loss                                                                                                                    (41,151)
     Exchange realignment                                                                                                                         13,127

     As at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                                                                                   326,818
     Compensation received during the year (note (b), (d) and (e))                                                                                19,867
     Credit to profit or loss                                                                                                                    (52,119)
     Exchange realignment                                                                                                                        (29,285)
     As at 31 December 2022                                                                                                                     265,281

     Notes:

     (a)      On 5 February 2010, Grand Pharm (China) received a notice from Wuhan Municipal Government requesting it to relocate its existing
              production facilities to other places. According to the required land resumption procedures, Grand Pharm (China) submitted to the relevant
              municipal authorities an application for resumption of state-owned land use rights on 10 November 2010. Pursuant to the submission by
              Grand Pharm (China), the Land Reserve Centre had agreed to resume the land and buildings, structure and attachments (including
              immovable plant and equipment) located thereon and thereunder at the place where the production facilities of Grand Pharm (China) are
              situated (the “PRC Property”).

              On 25 November 2010, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with the Land Reserve Centre (the “Agreement”) which provides for
              detailed provisions as to Grand Pharm (China)’s agreement to surrender the PRC Property to the Land Reserve Centre and to relocate its
              production facilities to other locations and the Land Reserve Centre’s agreement to compensate for the resumption of the PRC Property and
              the relocation of the production facilities by Grand Pharm (China) (the “Relocation”). The compensation, as mutually agreed between Grand
              Pharm (China) and the Land Reserve Centre, amounts to RMB855,000,000 (the “Compensation”) and will be settled by instalments in the way
              as further detailed below.

              Pursuant to the Agreement, the Compensation for the Relocation of RMB855,000,000 is comprising (i) a relocation commencement fee of
              RMB100,000,000; (ii) compensation for loss of profits of RMB85,500,000; and (iii) other compensation of RMB669,500,000, which shall be
              payable by the Land Reserve Centre to Grand Pharm (China) as follows:

              (i)    RMB171,000,000, which includes the relocation commencement fee of RMB100,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$114,943,000),
                     is payable within 30 working days from the effective date of the Agreement (the “First Instalment”). This amount was received by
                     Grand Pharm (China) during the year ended 31 December 2010 upon the fulfillment of certain conditions by the Group, which
                     includes the procurement and provision of documents necessary for the initiation of the Relocation. The remaining amount of
                     RMB71,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$83,529,000) was also received by Grand Pharm (China) during the year ended 31
                     December 2010.

              (ii)   RMB85,500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$105,329,000), is payable within 30 working days upon completion of the
                     responsibilities of Grand Pharm (China) as stated in Clauses 11(1)(i) and (ii) of the Agreement, which include, among other things, the
                     surrender of all relevant documents in respect of the PRC Property to the Land Reserve Centre for deregistering the title to land within
                     15 days after the effective date of the Agreement, and the commencement of the relocation plan and construction of production
                     facilities at the new location(s) (the “Second Payment”). This amount was received by Grand Pharm (China) during the year ended 31
                     December 2011.
206     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

37. DEFERRED INCOME (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)

      (a)    (Continued)

             (iii)   RMB427,500,000, being 50% of the Compensation, is payable commencing from the completion of the Second Payment, by semi-
                     annual instalments of RMB85,500,000 each, and shall pay within 30 days of the last month of each instalment period until completion
                     of the payment for the last instalment or until completion of relocation and delivery of vacant possession of the PRC Property to the
                     Land Reserve Centre by Grand Pharm (China) (in which case the instalment payments will be consolidated or accelerated), whichever
                     is earlier. During the year ended 31 December 2011 and 2013, RMB85,500,000 and RMB283,500,000 (equivalent to approximately
                     HK$105,330,000 and HK$357,580,000) were received by Grand Pharm (China) respectively. During the year ended 31 December 2014,
                     RMB58,500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$73,629,000) was received by Grand Pharm (China).

             (iv)    the last instalment of RMB171,000,000 is payable within 30 days upon completion of relocation and delivery of vacant possession of
                     the PRC Property to the Land Reserve Centre by Grand Pharm (China) and the receipt of all title documents in respect of the PRC
                     Property by the Land Reserve Centre from Grand Pharm (China). During the year ended 31 December 2014, RMB171,000,000
                     (equivalent to approximately HK$215,219,000) was received by Grand Pharm (China).

             The Compensation received or which becomes receivable is initially recognised as deferred income and subsequently recognised as income
             in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the
             Compensation is intended to compensate. The Compensation which is intended for expenses of losses already incurred or for the purpose of
             giving immediate financial support to the entity with no future related costs is recognised in profit or loss of the period in which it is received
             or becomes receivable.

             The relocation commencement fee of RMB100,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$114,943,000), being part of the First Instalment, was
             received by Grand Pharm (China) upon the fulfillment of certain conditions by the Group, which included the procurement and provision of
             documents necessary for the initiation of the Relocation. The relocation commencement fee was recognised in the profit for the year ended
             31 December 2010 upon the fulfillment of the aforesaid conditions by the Group.

             The remaining part of the Compensation of RMB755,000,000 is intended to compensate the Group for (i) loss of profit as to the amount of
             RMB85,500,000 and (ii) the cost of removing the production facilities, the cost of establishing new production facilities in other places and the
             estimated future appreciation in value of the land as included in the PRC Property and other related expenses. The Compensation related to
             depreciable assets is recognised in profit or loss over the periods and in the proportion in which depreciation expense on those assets is
             recognised. The Compensation related to the loss of profits and expenses of removing the production facilities is recognised in profit or loss
             in the same period as the recognition of the relevant loss or expenses. In the event that the relevant loss or expenses are unable to be
             identified, the recognition of the related part of the Compensation to profit or loss will be deferred until the completion of the Relocation.
             During the years ended 31 December 2010 and 2011, the Group has received part of the Compensation of RMB71,000,000 (equivalent to
             approximately HK$83,529,000) and RMB171,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$210,659,000) respectively. During the years ended 31
             December 2012, the Group did not receive any Compensation. During the years ended 31 December 2013 and 2014, the Group has received
             part of Compensation of RMB283,500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$357,580,000) and RMB229,500,000 (equivalent to approximately
             HK$288,848,000) respectively.

             During the year ended 31 December 2020, Wuhan Wuyao received one of the construction completion reports to verify partially the
             completion of the Relocation. Therefore, the Group recognised approximately RMB20,464,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$22,994,000)
             related to depreciable assets over their useful life and approximately RMB101,910,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$114,509,000) in
             regards to relevant loss or expenses which were unable to identified and deferred until completion of the Relocation.
                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022        207


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

37. DEFERRED INCOME (Continued)
     Notes: (Continued)

     (b)    Wuhan Kernel entered into an agreement with The People’s Government of Xiantao which provides for detailed provisions as to promote
            economic development of Xiantao and expand its operation scale.

            During the year ended 31 December 2021, Wuhan Kernel entered into an agreement with Xiantao Municipal Bureau of Economy and
            Information Technology which provides subsidies for operational expansion. The compensation, as mutually agreed between Wuhan Kernel
            and Xiantao Municipal Bureau of Economy and Information Technology, amounts to RMB5,800,000 (equivalent to approximately
            HK$6,987,000). The expansion was finished during the year then ended and the Company achieve the consideration and obtain the approval
            from the PRC Government. The compensation was recognised in the statement of profit or loss started from 31 December 2021 over five
            years.

            During the year ended 31 December 2022, Wuhan Kernel entered into an agreement with The People’s Government of Xiantao which
            provides for research and development expenditure allowance, amounts to RMB900,000 (equivalents to HK$1,048,000). The Company achieve
            all consideration and obtain the approval from the PRC Government.

     (c)    On 20 September 2019, Wuhan Wuyao entered into an agreement with The People’s Government of Xiantao which provides for land bidding.
            The compensation, as mutually agreed between Wuhan Wuyao and The People’s Government of Xiantao, amounts to RMB12,111,000
            (equivalent to approximately HK$13,608,000). The acquisition of land right use was finished at 29 May 2020, the Company achieve the
            consideration and obtain the approval from the PRC Government. The compensation was recognised in the statement of profit or loss started
            from 31 December 2020 over useful lives of the land right use.

            On 15 July 2021, Hubei Wellness entered into an agreement with The People’s Government of Xiantao which provides for research and
            development expenditure allowance, amounting to RMB2,500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$3,011,000). As at 31 December 2021 and
            2022, the Company did not achieve all consideration and obtain the approval from the PRC Government.

     (d)    During the year ended 31 December 2022, Wuhan Grand Hoyo entered into an agreement with The People’s Government of Wuhan which
            provides for plant and equipment bidding. The compensation, as mutually agreed between Wuhan Grand Hoyo and The People’s
            Government of Wuhan, amounts to RMB15,664,500 (equivalent to approximately HK$18,237,000). The acquisition of plant and equipment was
            completed during the year and the Company achieve the consideration and obtain the approval from the PRC Government. The
            compensation was recognised in the statement of profit or loss started from 31 December 2022 over useful lives of the plant and equipment.

     (e)    During the year ended 31 December 2022, Nanjing AuroRNA Biotech Co., Ltd. entered into an agreement with Nanjing Biotech and
            Pharmaceutical Valley which provides for research and development expenditure allowance, amounting to RMB500,000 (equivalent to
            approximately HK$582,000). As at 31 December 2022, the Company did not achieve all consideration and obtain the approval from Nanjing
            Biotech and Pharmaceutical Valley.
208    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

38. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                      Number of shares at                         Share capital at
                                                               31 December            31 December           31 December          31 December
                                                                      2022                   2021                  2022                 2021
                                                                       ’000                   ’000              HK$’000               HK$’000


      Authorised
      Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each                           100,000,000            100,000,000            1,000,000               1,000,000

      Issued and fully paid
      As at beginning and the end of the year                        3,549,571            3,549,571               35,496                 35,496


      Notes:


      As at 31 December 2022, the Company, through a trust, held 30,300,000 (2021: 22,430,500) shares in treasury for the purpose of a share award
      scheme. The fair value of the purchased shares was deducted from equity as “Treasury shares reserve” for an amount of approximately
      HK$187,489,000 (2021: HK$143,503,000).


39. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT
      As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, all of the derivative financial instruments are interest rate swaps. The Groups entered into
      cross currency swap contracts with banks to manage the exposure to the interest rate risk on the Groups’ floating-rate
      borrowings by swapping a proportion of those borrowings from floating rates to fixed rates. No hedge accounting is
      adopted and there is no offsetting during the year.

                                                                                                              Floating       Fixed
                                                                                                              interest     interest   Interest
                                             Notional amount            Fair value                Period          rate         rate   period
                                           RMB$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000


      Asset
      RMB$/HK$ cross currency swap
      At 31 December 2022                      769,168   904,000           31,370    9 September 2021 to       HIBOR          1.8%    Monthly
                                                                                        4 September 2023


      Liability
      RMB$/HK$ cross currency swap
      At 31 December 2021                      961,461   1,130,000           8,350    9 September 2021 to       HIBOR          1.8%   Monthly
                                                                                         4 September 2023
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022    209


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

40. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES
     (a)   Acquisition of an asset
           (i)   On 8 February 2021, the Group acquired 752 shares of East Ocean Medical (Hong Kong) Company Limited (“East
                 Ocean”) at a total consideration of US$12,000,000 (equivalent to HK$93,060,000).

                 Assets acquired at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                                     HK$’000


                 Financial assets as at fair value through other comprehensive income                                  15,616
                 Intangible assets (note 23)                                                                           38,816
                 Prepayment                                                                                            66,885

                                                                                                                     121,317


                 Total consideration in respect of acquisition of a subsidiary that are not constitute business

                                                                                                                     HK$’000


                 Cash consideration paid                                                                               93,060
                 Fair value of previously held interest in East Ocean                                                  28,257

                                                                                                                     121,317


                 This company did not operate any business prior to the acquisitions and had distribution agreement,
                 investment in unlisted securities and prepayments for licensing agreement. Therefore, the Group considered
                 this would be an acquisition of assets in substance and as a result the difference between purchase
                 consideration paid and the net assets acquired would be recognised as adjustments to the carrying value of the
                 intangible asset.
210    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

40. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      (a)   Acquisition of an asset (Continued)
            (ii)   During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group acquired 100% equity interest of Jiangsu Shenming
                   Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (“Shenming Medical”), at a consideration of RMB8,600,000 (equivalent to
                   approximately HK$10,546,000). Upon completion of the transaction, the Group obtained the commercialization
                   rights of the temperature-sensitive embolic agent developed by Shenming Medical for the treatment of liver
                   cancer and the subsequent development of gel products.

                   Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                                        HK$’000


                   Property, plant and equipment                                                                             542
                   Intangible assets (note 23)                                                                            11,564
                   Bank balance and cash                                                                                       1
                   Other payables                                                                                         (1,561)

                   Total identifiable net assets acquired                                                                 10,546


                   Net cash outflow in respect of acquisition of a subsidiary that are not constitute business

                                                                                                                        HK$’000


                   Consideration paid in cash                                                                             10,546
                   Less: Cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                                           (1)

                                                                                                                          10,545


                   This company did not operate any business prior to the acquisitions and had the patent in related to the
                   thermosensitive embolic agents for the treatment of liver cancer. Therefore, the Group considered this would
                   be an acquisition of assets in substance and as a result the difference between purchase consideration paid and
                   the net assets acquired would be recognized as adjustments to the carrying value of the intangible asset.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022    211


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

40. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     (b)   Business Combination
           (i)   In July 2022, Grand Pharma (China) entered into an equity acquisition agreement with Hubei Bafeng, pursuant
                 to which, Grand Pharma (China) will acquire 100% equity interest in Hubei Bafeng at an amount of not more
                 than RMB270,000,000 (equivalents to approximately HK$313,900,000 after the relevant conditions as agreed in
                 the acquisition agreement are fulfilled. Hubei Bafeng is principally engaged in the research and development,
                 production and operation of amino acid APIs and preparations and was acquired with the objective of further
                 reinforcing the Group’s leading position in the high-quality amino acid segment. The acquisition was completed
                 on 12 August 2022. The acquisition has been accounted for as acquisition of business using the acquisition
                 method.

                 Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                                       HK$’000


                 Property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                                                 85,197
                 Right-of-use assets (note 17)                                                                           17,263
                 Intangible assets (note 23)                                                                             70,255
                 Prepayments                                                                                              2,516
                 Inventories                                                                                             27,805
                 Deposits, prepayments and other receivables                                                             29,183
                 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                               44,677
                 Deferred tax liabilities (note 35)                                                                     (20,159)
                 Trade and other payables                                                                               (70,908)

                 Total identifiable net assets acquired                                                                185,829
                 Goodwill (note 21)                                                                                    128,071

                                                                                                                       313,900


                 Net cash outflow arising on acquisition

                                                                                                                       HK$’000


                 Consideration paid in cash                                                                            313,900
                 Less: Cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                                      (44,677)

                                                                                                                       269,223


                 Acquisition-related costs amounting to approximately HK$220,000 have been recognised as an expense in the
                 current year, within the “administrative expenses” line item in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
                 other comprehensive income.

                 Since the acquisition, Hubei Bafeng contributed approximately HK$46,487,000 to the Group’s revenue and
                 approximately HK$9,774,000 to the consolidated profit and loss for the year ended 31 December 2022.
212    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

40. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      (b)   Business Combination (Continued)
            (ii)   On 15 October 2021, the Group acquired 80% interest in Cangzhou Huachen BioTech Co., Ltd. Cangzhou
                   Huachen BioTech Co., Ltd is principally engaged in the research and development, manufacture, sales and
                   technical services of amino acid products. The acquisition has been accounted for as acquisition of business
                   using the acquisition method.

                   Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                                     HK$’000


                   Property, plant and equipment                                                                      159,344
                   Right of use assets (note 17)                                                                       14,999
                   Inventories                                                                                         10,374
                   Trade and other receivables                                                                         19,111
                   Bank balances and cash                                                                               1,292
                   Trade and other payable                                                                            (45,856)
                   Deferred tax liabilities (note 35)                                                                  (1,317)
                   Bank and other borrowing                                                                           (72,013)
                   Deferred income (note 37)                                                                           (3,238)
                   Non-controlling interest                                                                           (16,659)

                   Total identifiable net assets acquired                                                              66,037
                   Goodwill (note 21)                                                                                  64,815

                                                                                                                      130,852


                   Net cash outflow arising on acquisition

                                                                                                                     HK$’000


                   Consideration paid in cash                                                                         130,852
                   Less: Cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                                    (1,292)

                                                                                                                      129,560


                   Since the acquisition, Huachen Bio Tech contributed approximately HK$67,138,000 to the Group’s revenue and
                   approximately HK$12,511,000 to the consolidated profit for the year ended 31 December 2021.

                   Had the combination taken place at the beginning of the year, the revenue of the Group and the profit of the
                   Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 would have been approximately HK$8,710,123,000 and
                   approximately HK$2,364,247,000, respectively.

                   The non-controlling interest was recognised at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the
                   recognised amounts of acquirees identifiable net assets.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022     213


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

40. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     (b)   Business Combination (Continued)
           (iii)   During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group acquired 100% equity interest of Puer Weiye at a
                   consideration of RMB10,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$12,249,000). Puer Weiye is principally engaged
                   in the radioactive pharmaceutical production and trading of radioactive pharmaceuticals. The acquisition has
                   been accounted for as acquisition of business using the acquisition method.

                   Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                                       HK$’000


                   Property, plant and equipment                                                                           1,217
                   Deferred tax assets (note 24)                                                                              69
                   Inventories                                                                                                35
                   Trade and other receivables                                                                               123
                   Bank balance and cash                                                                                       1
                   Trade and other payables                                                                                 (293)

                   Total identifiable net assets acquired                                                                 1,152
                   Goodwill (note 21)                                                                                    11,097

                                                                                                                         12,249


                   Net cash outflow in respect of acquisition of a subsidiary that are not constitute business

                                                                                                                       HK$’000


                   Consideration paid in cash                                                                            12,249
                   Less: Bank balance and cash acquired                                                                      (1)

                                                                                                                         12,248


                   Since the acquisition, Puer Weiye contributed a loss of approximately HK$75,000 to the consolidated profit for
                   the year ended 31 December 2021.

                   Had the combination taken place at the beginning of the year, the revenue of the Group and the profit of the
                   Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 would have been approximately HK$8,597,975,000 and
                   approximately HK$2,384,071,000, respectively.
214    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

41. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                                  2022               2021
                                                                                                HK$’000            HK$’000


      Non-current assets
        Interests in associates                                                               4,764,474           4,034,844
        Interests in subsidiaries                                                             2,734,124           3,180,598
        Right-of-use assets                                                                         533               2,155
        Prepayment                                                                                    –              11,497
        Loan receivables                                                                              –             113,190

                                                                                              7,499,131           7,342,284

      Current assets
        Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                    14,499              33,332
        Other receivables                                                                       163,929             201,385
        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                 1,507             143,567

                                                                                                179,935             378,284

      Current liabilities
        Lease liabilities                                                                           431               1,672
        Financial guarantee                                                                       1,727                 107
        Other payable                                                                            19,375              11,069
        Other borrowings                                                                        664,031             777,256
        Amount due to the immediate holding company                                               2,331                   –

                                                                                                687,895             790,104

      Net current liabilities                                                                  (507,960)           (411,820)

      Total assets less current liabilities                                                   6,991,171           6,930,464

      Non-current liabilities
        Amount due to the immediate holding company                                                     –             2,331
        Financial guarantee                                                                             –               501
        Lease liabilities                                                                               –               431

                                                                                                        –             3,263

      Net assets                                                                              6,991,171           6,927,201

      Capital and reserves attributable to owners of the Company
        Share capital                                                                            35,496              35,496
        Reserves                                                                              6,955,675           6,891,705

      Total equity                                                                            6,991,171           6,927,201

      The financial statement was approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors of the Company on 22 March 2023
      and are signed on its behalf by:




                              Tang Weikun                                                 Shao Yan
                                 Director                                                  Director
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022        215


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

41. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
     Movement of reserve of the Company
                                                                   Share Contributed                Treasury         Retained
                                                                premium      surplus                  shares         earnings              Total
                                                                  HK$’000    HK$’000                 HK$’000          HK$’000            HK$’000


     As at 1 January 2021                                        6,523,049          121,273                   –         350,886         6,995,208
     Profit and total comprehensive income
       for the year                                                       –                 –                 –         430,450           430,450

     Total comprehensive income for the year                              –                 –                 –         430,450           430,450

     Purchase of treasury shares                                          –                 –        (143,503)                –          (143,503)
     Dividend paid (note 13)                                              –                 –               –          (390,450)         (390,450)

     As at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                   6,523,049          121,273          (143,503)          390,886         6,891,705
     Profit and total comprehensive income
       for the year                                                       –                 –                 –         498,406           498,406

     Total comprehensive income for the year                              –                 –                 –         498,406           498,406

     Purchase of treasury shares                                          –                 –          (43,986)               –           (43,986)
     Dividend paid (note 13)                                              –                 –                –         (390,450)         (390,450)
     As at 31 December 2022                                    6,523,049           121,273          (187,489)          498,842        6,955,675

     Note: Under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda (as amended), no dividend shall be paid or distribution be made out of contributed surplus if to
           do so would render the Company unable to pay its liabilities as they become due or the realisable value of its assets would thereby become
           less than the aggregate of its liabilities and its issued share capital and share premium account.
216    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

42. MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      (a)   In addition to the balances with associates as disclosed in note 20, related companies as disclosed in note 34 and
            immediate holding company as disclosed in note 36 during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group
            entered into following transactions with its related parties:

                                                                                                                        2022                2021
                                                                                                                      HK$’000             HK$’000


            Sales of goods to Yangxin Fuxin (note (i))                                                                   4,675               6,026
            Purchases of goods from Yangxin Fuxin (note (i))                                                            20,056              21,330

            Sales of goods to the companies with common controlling shareholder:
              Huadong Medicine Co. Ltd and its related companies (note (ii))                                          129,427              111,932
              中國遠大集團有限責任公司 and its related companies (unofficially
               translated as “China Grand Enterprises Incorporation” (note (ii))                                         4,449                1,032

            Purchase of goods from the companies with common controlling
              shareholder:
              Hebei Grand Jiufu Biochemical Co., Ltd (formerly known as Baoding Jiufu
               Biochemical Company Limited) (note (iii))                                                              248,604              133,800
              Sirtex Medical Singapore Pte Ltd. and its related companies (note (iv))                                  24,720                    –

            Processing services from the companies with common controlling
              shareholder:
              Baoding Jiufu Biochemical Company Limited (note (iii))                                                           –                532

            Notes:

            (i)      Transactions were conducted with terms mutually agreed with the contracting parties.

            (ii)     The transactions constitute continuously connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

            (iii)    The transactions are connected transaction in 2021 and continuing connected transaction in 2022 respectively under Chapter 14A of
                     the Listing Rules.

            (iv)     The transactions are connected transaction in 2022 under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


      (b)   Details of the financial guarantee given by China Grand Enterprises Incorporation to banks in respect of the loans
            granted to the Group as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 are set out in note 32.

      (c)   Compensation of key management personnel

            The remuneration of directors and other members of key management during the year was as follows:

                                                                                                                        2022                2021
                                                                                                                      HK$’000             HK$’000


            Short-term benefits                                                                                         12,245              10,544
            Post-employment benefits                                                                                       569                 261
                                                                                                                        12,814              10,805

            The remuneration of directors and key executives is determined by the board of directors having regard to the
            performance of individuals and market trends.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022       217


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

43. PLEDGE OF ASSETS
     The Group has pledged the following assets to secure the bank borrowings and banking facilities granted to the Group:


                                                                                                   2022                2021
                                                                                                 HK$’000             HK$’000


     Right-of-use assets (note 17)                                                                19,349              21,374
     Buildings (note 16)                                                                         107,846             121,315
     Interests in subsidiaries                                                                   123,028             134,016
     Pledged bank deposits (note 29)                                                               1,357               7,645

                                                                                                 251,580             284,350


44. COMMITMENTS
     (a)   Operating lease arrangements
           The Group as lessor

           The Group leases out certain of its office premises under operating lease arrangement. The rental income earned
           during the year was approximately HK$557,000 (2021: HK$1,421,000). The Group had future minimum lease receipts
           from tenants under non-cancellable operating lease which fall due as follows:


                                                                                                   2022                2021
                                                                                                 HK$’000             HK$’000


           Within one year                                                                            570                212
           In the second to fifth year inclusive                                                       77                  –

                                                                                                      647                212


     (b)   Capital commitment

                                                                                                   2022                2021
                                                                                                 HK$’000             HK$’000


           Capital expenditure contracted but not provided for:
             Acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                        140,487             180,322
218    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

45. RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES
      The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefits scheme (the “MPF Scheme”)
      under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance. Under the MPF Scheme, employees are required to
      contribute 5% of their monthly salaries or up to a maximum of HK$1,500 (2021: HK$1,500) and they can choose to make
      additional contributions. Employers’ monthly contributions are calculated at 5% of the employee’s monthly salaries or up to
      a maximum of HK$1,500 (2021: HK$1,500) (the “mandatory contributions”). Employees are entitled to 100% of the employer’s
      mandatory contributions upon their retirement at the age of 65, death or total incapacity.

      Employees of the subsidiaries and an associate in the PRC are members of the state-sponsored pension scheme operated by
      the PRC government. The subsidiaries and an associate were required to contribute a certain percentage of the payroll of
      their staff to the pension scheme to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the pension scheme
      is to make the required contributions.

      There were no forfeited contributions utilised to offset employers’ contributions for the year. And at the end of the reporting
      period, there was no forfeited contribution available to reduce the contributions payable in the future years.

      The total costs charged to profit or loss of approximately HK$92,670,000 (2021: HK$82,231,000) represents contributions
      payable to these schemes by the Group in respect of the current accounting period.

46. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
      The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash
      changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flow were, or future cashflows will be classified
      in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows from financing activities.

                                                                            Amount
                                                                          due to the
                                                                         immediate                         Bank and
                                                                            holding           Lease           other
                                                                           company        liabilities    borrowings            Total
                                                                             HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000


      As at 1 January 2021                                                      2,331         21,362       2,367,016       2,390,709
      Accrued interest                                                              –           2,773         90,191          92,964
      Financing cash outflows                                                       –          (5,705)     (1,615,733)    (1,621,438)
      Interest paid                                                                 –          (2,773)       (90,191)        (92,964)
      New leases entered                                                            –           3,960               –          3,960
      Financing cash inflows                                                        –               –      1,981,036       1,981,036
      Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 40(b))                                      –               –         72,013          72,013
      Other borrowings under TRS transaction (note 20&32)                           –               –        777,256         777,256
      Exchange realignment                                                          –            (583)        44,953          44,370

      As at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                 2,331         19,034       3,626,541       3,647,906
      Accrued interest                                                              –           4,516        132,977         137,493
      Financing cash outflows                                                       –         (10,857)     (2,199,261)    (2,210,118)
      Interest paid                                                                 –          (4,516)      (132,977)       (137,493)
      New leases entered                                                            –         64,579                –         64,579
      Financing cash inflows                                                        –               –      3,116,608       3,116,608
      Exchange realignment                                                          –          (2,888)      (138,474)       (141,362)
      As at 31 December 2022                                                   2,331         69,868       4,405,414       4,477,613
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022     219


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

47. LITIGATION
     With reference to the disclosure in the annual reports of the Company between 2016 to 2021, Tianjin Jingming, an indirect
     non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is undertaking certain litigations related to a product quality incident, and it
     is also claiming the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming for the indemnification of those possible loss suffered by the
     Company. Up to 31 December 2022, the court has concluded 72 cases, and 3 cases are under hearing processes at the
     people’s court. Among the final and effective judgements, Tianjin Jingming has paid the compensation and the related legal
     charges of approximately RMB37,222,231 in according to the court orders. The other related litigations of the product quality
     incident have not yet been concluded. Given that (1) such product is not the core product of the Group, and (2) according
     to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming should
     be responsible for the compensation of such product incident until 30 June 2015, and in April 2021 Grand Pharm (China)
     had claimed the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming for the indemnification of those possible loss suffered. According
     to the final judgement by the court, the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming should compensate to Tianjin Jingming
     approximately RMB27,090,000 as the existing compensate and liquidated damages at the point of the judgement. After the
     execution of the enforcement order from the people’s court, Grand Pharm (China) has got properties and cash at
     approximately RMB7.27 million in aggregate from the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming, and the outstanding
     amount is still under enforcement processes. Also Grand Pharm (China) has the right to raise litigation claiming the original
     shareholders of Tianjin Jingming for the subsequent payment of the indemnification related to such product quality
     incident made by Tianjin Jingming. Hence, the Directors are of the view that the said incident and the related litigations do
     not have material impact to the Group.

     According to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the vendors have undertaken to the Group
     that the net profit after tax (the “Actual Profit”) from domestic sales (only include the net profit generated from domestic
     sales and shall not include the profit generated from the sales of irrigating solutions (灌注液) of Tianjin Jingming for the
     period commencing on 1 January 2015 and ending on 30 June 2015 shall not be less than RMB5,000,000 (the “Performance
     Guarantee”). If the above Performance Guarantee cannot be met, the Group can claim for a refund of part of the share
     transfer consideration in according to the formula set out in the announcement of the Company dated 22 December 2014.
     The Group raised a litigation against those vendors in related to the said Performance Guarantee, and after the first trial,
     second trial and retrial from the court, the court granted the final judgement in December 2020. It was concluded that the
     Group can get back the RMB10,000,000 share transfer consideration deposited in the bank account jointly controlled by the
     Group and the vendors. The vendors should also additionally refund approximately RMB11,200,000 share transfer
     consideration to the Group in according to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming. Up to now,
     the Group has followed the judgement from the court and got back the RMB10,000,000 deposited in the bank account
     jointly controlled by the Group and the vendors.

     In June 2016, the Group has successfully applied to the court to freeze RMB20,000,000 (equivalent to approximately
     HK$22,414,000) assets of the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming, an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the
     Company since January 2015 in order to secure the Group’s pending responsibilities regarding certain litigations related to
     an incident as stated in a press release issued by the China National Food and Drug Administration (the “NMPA”) on 14 April
     2016, which is about a product quality incident related to some Ophthalmic Perfluoro propane Gases produced by Tianjin
     Jingming. According to the terms of the sales and purchase agreement in relation to the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the
     original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming should be responsible for such product incident. The Group is claiming them for
     their responsibilities and also indemnified those related losses suffered by the Group.
220    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

47. LITIGATION (Continued)
      (a)   Writ issued in PRC by China Pharm (China) and original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming
            Although such product incident is still under investigation, being taking up the social responsibilities and fulfilling
            related requirements, the Group had recalled all products of the related batches and also temporary suspended the
            production and sales of such related products. According to the terms of the Tianjin Jingming acquisition agreement,
            Tianjin Jingming had already fully settled the penalty of approximately RMB14,430,000 (equivalent to approximately
            HK$16,361,000) imposed by the NMPA. As at the date of this report, Tianjin Jingming is undertaking certain claim
            actions for approximately RMB16,540,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$18,762,000) given to the above incident.
            Given that (i) referring to the opinions from the professional organised by the NMPA, it is unable to identify the
            impurity that caused the product incident with the existing technology and it will need further investigation and
            research to find out the cause thereof; (ii) Ophthalmic Perfluoro propane Gases is not the core product of the Group,
            the Board considers that the suspension of the production of such product and the recall of the relevant batches by
            Tianjin Jingming do not have any material impact on the Group’s operations or financial position; and (iii) according
            to the terms of the Tianjin Jingming Acquisition Agreement, the original shareholders of the Tianjin Jingming should
            responsible for the compensation of such product incident. Hence, the Directors are of the view that the said incident
            and related litigations do not have material impact to the Group. For the detail information, please refer to the Group’s
            interim report date on 20 September 2016.

            On 22 August 2016, original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming filed its objection to the Rulings of Enforcement to the
            Wuhan Intermediate People’s Court.

            On 5 September 2016, the Group received the Wuhan Intermediate People’s Court’s dismissal to its objection.

      (b)   Writs issued in PRC by Tianjin Jingming and certain plaintiffs
            In April and September 2016, the Group received writs issued by certain plaintiffs against Tianjin Jingming (as
            defendant) and demand for payment with claiming of plaintiffs legal charges.

            On 17 January 2017, Tianjin Jingming received judgements dated 17 January 2017 issued by Beijing Haidian District
            People’s Court. The court made orders to request Tianjin Jingming to provide the compensation payment with the
            relevant legal charges of approximately RMB3,952,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$4,619,000).

            As at the date of this report, the court has concluded 72 cases, and 3 cases are under hearing processes at the people’s
            court. Among the final and effective judgements, Tianjin Jingming has paid the compensation and the related legal
            charges of approximately RMB37,222,231 in according to the court orders. The other related litigations of the product
            quality incident have not yet been concluded. Given that (1) such product is not the core product of the Group, and
            (2) according to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the original shareholders of Tianjin
            Jingming should be responsible for the compensation of such product incident, and GrandPharma (China) is also
            claiming the original shareholders of the Tianjin Jingming for the indemnification of those possible loss suffered.
            Hence, the Directors are of the view that the said incident and the related litigations do not have material impact to
            the Group.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022     221


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

47. LITIGATION (Continued)
     (c)    Writs issued in PRC by Grand Pharm (China)
            Except the above litigation related to the product incident of Tianjin Jingming, according to the terms of the
            agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the vendors have undertaken to the Group that the net profit after
            tax (the “Actual Profit”) from domestic sales (only include the net profit generated from domestic sales and shall not
            include the profit generated from the sales of irrigating solutions (灌注液)) of Tianjin Jingming for the period
            commencing on 1 January 2015 and ending on 30 June 2015 shall not be less than RMB5 million (the “Performance
            Guarantee”). If the above Performance Guarantee cannot be met, the Group can claim for a refund of part of the
            consideration in according to the formula set out in the announcement of the Company dated 22 December 2014.
            The Group was in a litigation against those vendors in related to the said Performance Guarantee, and in July 2017
            obtained the judgement of first instance from the court and received the final judgement from the court in February
            2018. It is concluded that the Group can get back the RMB10 million share transfer consideration currently deposited
            in the bank account jointly controlled by the Group and the vendors. The vendors should also additionally refund
            approximately RMB21.2 million share transfer consideration to the Group in according to the terms of the agreement
            for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming. The vendors subsequently applied for rehearing of the aforesaid judgement,
            and the matter will be reheard according to the court’s judgement in December 2019, but it has reached final
            judgement from Hubei Higher People’s Court (湖北省高級人民法院) that the appeal from the vendors has been
            rejected and uphold the verdict.

     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, so far as the Directors were aware, the Group was not engaged in any
     litigation or claims of material importance, and no litigation or claims of material importance are pending or threatened
     against the Group.

48. MAJOR NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS
     (i)    During the year, the Group entered into new lease agreements for the use of leased properties and motor vehicles for
            fixed terms of 2 years to 9 years. On the lease commencement, the Group recognised approximately HK$64,579,000 of
            right-of-use assets and approximately HK$64,579,000 of lease liabilities.

     (ii)   During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group entered into transfer agreement with independent third party
            in relation to transfer of limited partnership interests in CNCB Healthcare Investment Fund II L.P. (the “Fund”). Pursuant
            to the agreement, independent third party (the “Transferor”) agreed to transfer and assign and Grand Strength
            Investment Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, (the “Transferee”) agreed to accept a portion of
            limited partnership interests in the Fund equivalent to an amount equal to approximately US$14,686,000 at a
            consideration of approximately US$17,718,000 (the “Transfer”). The Transfer is yet to complete as at 31 December
            2022.

            Moreover, during the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group has entered into tripartite agreement with the
            borrower of loan receivables, the balance of which amounted to approximately HK$113,190,000 as at 31 December
            2021, (the “Borrower”) and Transferor. Pursuant to the tripartite agreement, Borrower agreed to pay an amount
            equivalent to the consideration of Transfer, of approximately US$17,718,000, to Transferor in respect of the Transfer on
            behalf of the Group and the Group agreed to offset the payment with principal and interest accrued on the loan
            receivables. Upon completion of the payment, the Group considered the right over loan receivable expired and to
            derecognise the loan receivables. As a result, the Group recognised non-cash addition to prepayment (note 28) of
            approximately US$17,718,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$138,420,000) and to derecognised loan receivables
            during the year.

     The Group entered in the above non-cash activities which are not reflected in the consolidated statement of cash flows.
222    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022

49. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
      No subsequent events occurred after 31 December 2022 which may have a significant effect, on the assets and liabilities of
      future operations of the Group.

50. COMPARATIVE INFORMATION
      Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform to current year’s presentation.

51. APPROVAL OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 22 March 2023.
