Contents
                                                          Pages

Corporate Information                                        2
Corporate Profile                                            3
Financial Summary                                           21
Management Discussion and Analysis                         24
Corporate Governance Report                                50
Environment, Social and Governance Report                  56
Report of the Directors                                    68
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management    78
Independent Auditors’ Report                               80
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and               87
Other Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position               88
Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity                90
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                       92
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements             94
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Corporate
Information

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                    AUDITORS
Dr. Tang Weikun (Chairman)             HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
Dr. Shao Yan                           Certified Public Accountants
Dr. Niu Zhanqi
Dr. Shi Lin                            LEGAL ADVISERS
                                       As to Bermuda Law:
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE
                                       Conyers Dill & Pearman
DIRECTORS
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie                As to Hong Kong Law:
Mr. Hu Yebi                            Loeb & Loeb LLP
Dr. Pei Geng
                                       PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
COMPANY SECRETARY
                                       MUFG Fund Services (Bermuda) Limited
Mr. Foo Tin Chung, Victor              The Belvedere Building
                                       69 Pitts Bay Road
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES             Pembroke HM08
                                       Bermuda
Dr. Tang Weikun
Mr. Foo Tin Chung, Victor
                                       HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
                                       REGISTRAR
AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                       Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie (Chairwoman)
                                       Shops 1712–1716, Hopewell Centre
Mr. Hu Yebi
                                       183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong
Dr. Pei Geng

                                       PRINCIPAL BANKERS
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
                                       HSBC
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie (Chairwoman)
                                       Bank of China
Dr. Tang Weikun
                                       Bank of Communications
Mr. Hu Yebi

                                       REGISTERED OFFICE
NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                       Clarendon House, 2 Church Street
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie (Chairwoman)
                                       Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda
Dr. Shao Yan
Mr. Hu Yebi
                                       PRINCIPAL OFFICE
WEBSITE                                Units 3302, The Center
                                       99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong
www.grandpharm.com




2
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Corporate
Profile

Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited is an international pharmaceutical company of technological innovation. The core products
of the Group cover several major business areas, featured products of which include the anti-tumor, cerebro-cardiovascular
emergency pharmaceutical products and cerebro-cardiovascular intervention advanced medical devices, severe disease and anti-
infection, respiratory and ENT, bio-health products and specialized pharmaceutical ingredients. The Group has mainly focused on
four business scopes, namely “innovative drugs with high entry barriers”, “branded drugs”, “integration of raw materials” and
“health products”. There are three major segments of global innovation and technology leadership, namely cerebro-cardiovascular
precision interventional diagnosis and treatment, radionuclide-drug conjugate, severe disease and anti-infection, to be carried out
with a forward-looking view by the Group.

Since the Group has a strong industrial foundation and a complete industrial chain with outstanding comprehensive advantages
in pharmaceutical raw materials and preparations integration, it is listed as an emergency medicines manufacturer for national
ready reserve, a national essential drug base and a national centralized production base for minority-variety medicines, etc., laying
a solid foundation for the sustained and stable growth of the Group’s result. Moreover, the Group has more than 90 products
included in the National Essential Drug List (2018 edition), more than 200 products included in the National Reimbursement Drug
List for Basic Medical Insurance, Work-Related Injury Insurance and Maternity Insurance (2021 edition).

In terms of pharmaceutical preparation, the Group has obvious advantages in traditional fields such as the respiratory and ENT,
and cerebro-cardiovascular emergency preparations. While a number of barrier products and exclusive products with leading
market share make a stable contribution, the Group has also reserved five innovative products in the late clinical stage or launched
overseas, including the treatment of “dry eye disease”, “pterygium”, “anti-inflammatory and pain relief after ophthalmology
surgery”, “allergic rhinitis” and “anaphylaxis”. The Group will continue to adopt the R&D concept of combining innovator and
generic to create a product cluster, and keep consolidating its leadership in this segment in the future. The Group has established
a long-term and stable cooperative relationship with many overseas high-quality customers in the fields of bio-health products
and specialized pharmaceutical ingredients products, which constitutes an important support for the sustainable and stable
development of the Group’s operating performance.

Meanwhile, by fully capitalising “accurate and stable domestic and overseas business development capabilities, the ability to
import, digest and implement international leading technologies, excellent marketing and sales capabilities”, the Group is aiming
at the frontier areas of technological innovation. With the strategy of “strengthening fortification, deepening exploration, storing
reserves” and the vision of internationalization and technological innovation, the Group continues to expand and reach a new
business growth point, implements three innovative strategies of “cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and
treatment”, “intervention, nuclear medicine and immunotherapy and anti-tumor” and “severe disease and anti-infection”. We
intend to build a world leading precision interventional diagnosis and treatment platform and strive to develop into a world-class
tumor diagnosis and treatment platform and a technology leader in the field of severe disease and anti-infection.




                                                                                                                                   3
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Corporate
Profile

In the field of “cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment”, the Group adheres to the treatment
concept of “intervention without implantation”, which covers six directions: coronary artery vascular intervention, peripheral
vascular intervention, neurointervention, structural cardiac disease, electrophysiology and heart failure. For the purpose of a
comprehensive deployment, a product cluster of technologically innovative high-end medical device is in place and continuously
promote the comprehensive establishment of “active + passive” innovative device platform. Currently, there are ten products for
the segment, among which, two products of vascular intervention have been approved for commercialization in China, and the
clinical registration of the other products in China are also being actively advanced, striving to realize the commercialization of
innovative products in phases, and driving the business in this field to achieve leap-forward growth. At the same time, regarding
“introduction and landing” and “synchronously independent and localized R&D” as its development direction, the Group will
realize the construction of a dual system of local + global R&D and production, as well as accelerate product launches and improve
its own R&D capability. The Group targets to build this segment into a leading “cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional
diagnosis and treatment platform” in China and even the world.

In the field of anti-tumor, “tumor intervention”, “radionuclide-drug conjugate” (“RDC”) and “immunotherapy”,” are the three key
layouts worldwide, in which the field of radionuclide it has established an all-round layout covering R&D, production, sales and
supervision qualification and built a complete industrial chain in 3 years. In terms of product pipelines, the Group has 16 global
innovative products covering 13 cancer types including liver cancer, prostate cancer and colorectal cancer. Among them, the
radionuclide drug diagnosis and treatment platform is a high-end technology platform established by the Group in the field of
anti-tumor. Currently, there are ten innovative products, covering six nuclides including 68Ga, 177Lu, 131I, 90Y, 89Zr, 99mTc. SIR-Spheres®
Y-90 microsphere injections is the radionuclide-drug conjugates, being the Group’s global innovative blockbuster products, and
has been approved by the National Medical Products Administration of the PRC (“NMPA”) for commercialization for the treatment
of patients with unresectable colorectal liver metastases who have failed to respond to the standard therapy. In terms of R&D, the
Group relied on Telix Pharmaceuticals Limited (“Telix”), ITM Isotope Technologies Munich SE (“ITM”), Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd (“Sirtex”)
and OncoSec Medical Incorporated (“OncoSec”) to establish their international first-class R&D platforms for RDC, tumor
intervention and DNA immunization, and greatly enhanced the Group’s R&D strength in the field of tumor treatment. In the next
1-2 years, the Group will continue to strengthen the R&D and investment in this field, establish at least one Grade A production
platform, complete the pipeline layout of more than 25 radionuclide diagnosis and treatment products, and form a
radiopharmaceutical product group with SIR-Spheres® 90Y microsphere injection as the core. Currently, the radiopharmaceutical
diagnosis and treatment platform of the Group and its associates have more than 400 employees worldwide, employees with
masters and doctorates accounting for approximately 40%; three radiopharmaceutical R&D bases and five radiopharmaceutical
production bases are set in the world and the radiopharmaceutical diagnosis and treatment platform is currently one of the most
globalized segments of the Group. The Group will continue to increase investment in and development of global innovative
products in the field of radiopharmaceuticals and tumor immunity to address the unmet clinical needs and enrich product
pipeline and improve industrial layout, dedicating itself into building a world-leading radiopharmaceutical diagnosis and
treatment platform and tumor interventional treatment platform.




4
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Corporate
Profile

The global first-in-class drug against unmet clinical needs is the focus in the field of severe disease and anti-infection. In terms of
product pipelines, there are four global innovative drugs, namely two global innovative drugs STC3141 and APAD, for the
treatment of hospitalised sepsis and acute respiratory distress syndrome (the “ARDS”), one global innovative drug for the
treatment of parainfluenza, and a pre-filled adrenaline automatic injection pen for the treatment of severe anaphylaxis. The clinical
progress of STC3141 was rapid. Currently, six clinical research approvals for four indications of sepsis, ARDS, severe COVID-19
infection and ARDS caused by COVID-19 infection have been obtained on three continents and in five countries namely China,
Australia, Belgium, UK and Poland.

In the field of mRNA therapy, Nanjing AuroRNA Biotech Co., Ltd. (“AuroRNA Biotech”), mRNA vaccine research and development
centre, jointly established by the Group and Belgium based eTheRNA Immunotherapies NV (“eTheRNA”), has been officially put
into operation. AuroRNA Biotech has independent R&D capability, equipped with an early-stage project research and preparation
development laboratory, with production capacity meeting the requirements of clinical research at all stages of therapeutic and
preventive mRNA vaccines, accompanying with the ability to compete with international leading mRNA companies.

The Group is accelerating the pace of globalization. Since 2015, the Group has not only held a high proportion of shares in two
important associates, Sirtex in Australia and OncoSec in United States, but also established equity and product strategic
cooperation with Germany-based Cardionovum GmbH (“Cardionovum”) and ITM, Canada-based Conavi Medical Inc (“Conavi”),
Australia-based Telix, Belgium-based eTheRNA, Italy-based InnovHeart S.r.l. (“InnovHeart”), US-based FastWave Medical Inc
(“FastWave”), BRIM Biotechnology, Inc. and Formosa Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Formosa”) in Taiwan, etc. Its presence has reached
North America, Europe, Oceania, Asia and other regions around the world. Together with its major associates, the Group has
deployed five technology R&D platforms and five R&D centers around the world; it has established production bases in the United
States, Canada, Germany and Singapore, and has a world-wide sales network in more than 60 countries and regions.

“Maintain stable growth, strive in innovation and decide the layout”, upon the principles of meeting the needs of patients,
adapting to market development and insisting on technological innovation as well as the development concept of
“comprehensive strengths, innovation barriers and global expansion” and the strategy of “dual-wheel driving development of
independent R&D, global expansion and dual-cycle operation”, the Group has formed a new pattern of domestic and international
cycles that synergize with each other, and is committed to becoming an international pharmaceutical company of technological
innovation, delivering on its promises for doctors and patients, and making significant contribution to the society.




                                                                                                                                     5
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Corporate
Profile

As of the date of this report, the core products of the Group are as follows:

Pharmaceutical Preparation
Ophthalmic products:
Rui Zhu® (polyvinyl alcohol eye drop)                                He Xue Ming Mu tablets




Cerebro-cardiovascular emergency pharmaceutical
products:
Li Shu An® (norepinephrine bitartrate injection, adrenaline          Xin Wei Ning (tirofiban hydrochloride and sodium chloride
hydrochloride injection)                                             injection)




Nuo Fu Kang® (methoxamine hydrochloride injection)                   Rui An Ji (fructose sodium diphosphate oral solution)




6
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Corporate
Profile



Respiratory and ENT pharmaceutical products:
Qie Nuo (Eucalyptol, Limonene and              Jinsang Series (Jinsang Kaiyin, Jinsang Qingyin, Jinsang
Pinene Enteric Soft Capsules)                  Liyan, Jinsang Sanjie)




Nuclear Medicine                               Medical Devices
SIR-Spheres® Y-90 microsphere injection        Vascular interventional medical devices:
                                               Paclitaxel Releasing Coronary Balloon Dilatation Catheter
                                               (RESTORE DEB®) and Paclitaxel Releasing Hemodialysis Shunt
                                               Balloon Dilatation Catheter (APERTO® OTW)




                                               Bio-Technology Products And Healthcare
                                               Products
                                               Taurine, cysteine, steroids, bio-pesticides and agricultural
                                               antibiotics

                                               Specialized Pharmaceutical Ingredients
                                               And Other Products
                                               Metronidazole, chloramphenicol, dimethyl sulfate,
                                               nitromethane




                                                                                                          7
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Corporate
Profile

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT



                                                      Approximately
                                                                                                                    5   Technology
                                                                                                                        platforms

    106
                                                                                                                 RDC technology platform



   Projects
                                                    HK$ 2.3       billion
                                                     investment in R&D
                                                                                                               DNA R&D technology platform
                                                                                                               mRNA R&D technology platform
                                                                                                                      Glycomics R&D
                                                                                                                   technology platform
under research                                        and new projects                                           Advanced medical device
                                                                                                                      R&D platform




                          600+                                                        5      R&D
                                                                                             centers
                                                                                  International R&D Centre
                          R&D personnel                                          in Optics Valley in Wuhan
                                                                                    San Diego R&D Center
                                                                                     in the United States
                                                                            Boston R&D Center in the United State
                                                                                     Belgium R&D Center
                                                                                     Australia R&D Center




Overview of 106 R&D projects                                     Overview of 43 innovative projects by
                                                                 therapeutic areas
                                                                                                Others 6            Ophthalmology 4
                           Innovation projects 43
                                                                                                  13.9%                       9.3 %
                                        40.6 %
                                                                  7.0 %                                                      16.3 %
                                                                  3 Respiratory                                              Cardio- 7
                                                                                                                     cerebrovascular
                                                                                                                        intervention




                                                                  18.6 %                                                    34.9 %
                   59.4%                                          8 Severe disease and anti-infection                      Tumor 15
    Generic drug projects 63
              and others




8
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Corporate
Profile

INNOVATION PIPELINE SCHEDULE
Table 1.1
Precise intervention product pipeline

                                                                                        Model         Under        Registration                       Launching
  Sector            Product                Indications             Category     R&D                                                  Launch            Schedule
                                                                                      Inspection   Clinical Trial for Launching                      (Estimated)

                                         De novo coronary                                                                                               2011
                 RESTORE DEB®             artery lesions and       Treatment
  Coronary                               in-stent restenosis                                                                                            2019
   artery
  vascular                                Coronary artery          Device for                                                                           2018
intervention      NOVASIGHT           imaging and intracavity
                                       interventional surgery
                                                                   diagnosis                                                      Special review        2022
                                                                                                                                  approval process
                                                                                                                                  of innovative
               Intravascular shock                                                                                                medical device
                                        Moderate or severe
                wave calcification      arterial calcication       Treatment
                treatment system

                                                                                                                                                        2013
 Peripheral       APERTO®OTW            Arteriovenous stula        Treatment
  vascular                           treatment of hemodialysis                                                                                          2020
intervention
                                                                                                                                                        2011
                 LEGFLOW®OTW         Peripheral vascular disease   Treatment
                                                                                                                                                        2024

 Structural                                                                                                                                             2027
  cardiac            Saturn             Mitral regurgitation       Treatment
                                                                                                                                                        2027
  disease
Neurointer-          LONG                 Ischemic stroke          Treatment                                                                            2025
  vention
Electrophy-       HeartLight X3           Atrial brillation        Treatment
                                                                                                                                                        2020
  siology                                                                                                                                               2024


   Heart            CoRISMA                 Heart failure          Treatment
  failure




                                                                                                                                                                   9
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Corporate
Profile

Oncology product pipeline

                                                                                                                Under           Under           Under                                   Launching
    Category             Product under research                      Indications              Preclinical      phase I         phase II        phase III         NDA       Launch        Schedule
                                                                                                            clinical trials clinical trials clinical trials                            (Estimated)

                                                                                                                                                                                          2002
                   SIR-Spheres® Y-90 microsphere injections      Malignant liver tumor
                                                                                                                                                                                          2022

                                                              Hypervascular parenchymal                     Innovative Medical Device Designation granted by NMPA
                   Thermosensitive embolic agent product                                                                                                                                  2024
       Precise                                                      organs tumor
    Intervention
                                    Lava                           Cerebral aneurysm


                                  AuroLase                          Prostate cancer


                                                                                                                                                                                          2025
                                    TLX591                          Prostate cancer
                             (177Lu-rosapatumab)                                                                                                                                          2026


                                                                   Prostate cancer —                                                                                                      2021
                                 TLX591-CDx
                               (68Ga-PSMA-11)                          diagnosis                                    Approved for launching in U.S., Australia and Brazil                  2025


                                 TLX599-CDx                        Prostate cancer —
                         (99mTc-EDDA/HYNIC-iPSMA)                      diagnosis                                                                                                       2026–2028



                                    TLX250                           Clear cell renal
                             (177Lu-girentuximab)                    cell carcinoma                                                                                                    2026–2028

Radionuclide-
     drug                                                                                                                                                     Breakthrough Therapy
 Conjugate                       TLX250-CDx                       Clear cell renal cell                                                                       Designation granted      2026–2028
    (RDC)                    (89Zr-girentuximab )               carcinoma — diagnosis                                                                         by the FDA


                                                                                                                                            Orphan Drug Designation
                               TLX101(131I-IPA)                      Glioblastoma                                                           granted by the FDA                         2026–2028



                                                                Gastroenteropancreatic                                                                                                    2018
                                  TOCscan®                          neuroendocrine
                                                                  tumor — diagnosis                            Approved for launching in Germany, France and Austria


                                                                                                                                                              Orphan Drug
                                                                Gastroenteropancreatic                                                                        Designation granted by
                                   ITM-11                       neuroendocrine tumor                                                                          the FDA and EMA


                                                                    Malignant tumor
                                   ITM-41                           bone metastases


                                   REV-001                         Colorectal cancer                                                                                                      2027

                                                                                                                                            Orphan Drug
                                                                  Metastatic melanoma                                                       Designation granted
                                    TAVO                      Triple-negative breast cancer                                                 by the FDA                                 2023–2025
     Immuno-                                                    Squamous cell carcinoma
      therapy

                                                                   HPV-positive head
                                    A002                            and neck cancer




*         AuroLase: The Group owns the right of first negotiation for that product


10
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Corporate
Profile

Severe disease, anti-infection, respiratory and ENT
                                                                                                                                     Launching
   Sector        Product         Indications        Preclinical   Phase I     Phase II      Phase III        NDA           Launch     Schedule
                                                                                                                                    (Estimated)
                                     Sepsis                                 Phase Ib in Australia
                 STC3141           COVID-19                                      Phase IIa in Belgium,
                                                                                 Poland and United Kingdom                             2026
                                     ARDS
                                                                                             Approved for launching in Europe,
                                                                                             South Korea and Hong Kong, China
                                                                                                                                       2011
Severe disease   GPN00816        Anaphylaxis
     and                                                                                                                               2026
anti-infection
                  APAD               Sepsis                                                                                            2028


                 GPN00085       Parainfluenza                                                                                          2030
                                                                                                       Approved for launching in
                                                                             United States, Australia, South Korea, Russia and EU

                                                                                                                                       2019
                  Ryaltris      Allergic rhinitis
                 (GSP301)                                                                                                              2025


                 BRM421        Dry eye disease                                                                                         2025
 Respiratory
  and ENT
                 CBT-001          Pterygium                                                                                            2024



                 GPN00833    Ocular inflammation                                                                                       2026




                                                                                                                                              11
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Corporate
Profile

As of the date of this report, the Group’s major product development and corporate development are as follows:

                          The Group formed strategic partnership with ITM at not more than EUR520 million licensing fees and a
                          milestone payment to obtain the exclusive development, manufacturing and commercialization rights
  DECEMBER                of 3 global innovative RDC products developed by ITM in Greater China Region.
                          TLX591-CDx, the global innovative RDC for the imaging of prostate cancer, received marketing approval
                          from the U.S. FDA.
                          STC3141, a global innovative product for severe infections, successfully enrolled for the phase IIa clinical
                          trial in Europe for the treatment of severe COVID-19 patients.

                          The Group acquired approximately 17.8% equity interests of InnovHeart and obtained the exclusive
                          development, manufacturing and commercialization rights of Saturn, a global innovative medical device
  NOVEMBER                for mitral valve replacement, in Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan at a consideration of
                          approximately EUR43.8 million.
                          The English name of the Company was changed from “China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare
                          Holdings Limited” to “Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited”, and the Chinese name of the Company
                          was changed from “ 遠大醫藥健康控股有限公司 ” to “ 遠大醫藥集團有限公司 ”.
                          STC3141, the Group’s global innovative drug for the treatment of ARDS, completed the dosing of the
                          first patient in Phase Ib clinical study in China.

                          The Group’s global innovative drug Ryaltris (GSP301) compound nasal spray received the “Notice of
                          Approval for Clinical Trial of Drugs” issued by the NMPA, approving the product to conduct Phase III
     OCTOBER              clinical trials for the treatment of allergic rhinitis and rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms in patients aged 12
                          years and above.
                          The Group’s Hubei Grand Life Science & Technology Co., Ltd. acquired 80% equity interests of Cangzhou
                          Huachen BioTech Co., Ltd.* for RMB107.2 million.




  SEPTEMBER               The adoption of the Share Award Scheme was approved by the Company.




                          The Group acquired approximately 17.02% equity interests in CoRISMA by phases at a consideration of
                          US$12 million and obtained the exclusive development, manufacturing and commercialization rights
     AUGUST               of a series of CoRISMA’s products, the innovative medical device for the treatment of heart failure, in
                          Greater China Region and various countries and regions in Southeast Asia, and facilitate the launch of
                          relevant products in Authorized Regions.
                          The Group obtained the exclusive long-term commercialization rights in Mainland China, Macau and
                          Taiwan for Jext® pre-filled epinephrine auto-injector developed by ALK for the treatment of anaphylaxis
                          with down-payment and milestone payment of EUR12 million.
                          The Group will acquire 100% equity interests in FastWave by phases at a consideration of up to a total
                          of US$72 million by phases, and invested up to US$8 million for supporting and jointly developing an
                          innovative medical device, intravascular shockwave calcification treatment system, for the treatment of
                          moderate to severe arterial calcification.




12
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Corporate
Profile

                Grand Pharma (China) (99.8% owned by the Group ) acquired 10% equity interest in Grand Hoyo,
                which was held by Wuhan Sanzhen Industry Holding Co., Ltd ( 武漢三鎮實業控股股份有限公司 ), at a
    JULY        consideration of RMB51,980,000, pursuant to which the Group beneficially owned 97.67% equity interest
                in Grand Hoyo.
                The OncoSec entered into a collaboration agreement with Merck for a pivotal global phase III study of
                TAVO™ (Interleukin-12 plasmid DNA drug) and anti-PD-1 drug KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) for late-
                stage metastatic melanoma.
                The Group’s self-developed generic drug “Tadalafil Tablet” has been granted a drug registration
                certificate by NMPA.
                Telix, the Group’s partner in the field of RDC, has successfully dosed the first patient in Phase I clinical
                study of TLX250-CDx, a global innovative RDC medicine for the treatment of clear cell renal cell
                carcinoma, on its expanding indication, urothelial carcinoma or bladder cancer, in Australia.
                Grand Decade, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, entered into a share subscription agreement
                with Natixis and Sirtex HoldCo, pursuant to which Grand Decade subscribed for 84,704,650 shares
                allocated by Sirtex HoldCo at a consideration of USD100 million. Natixis has also entered into a second
                equity subscription agreement with Sirtex HoldCo. Upon the completion of the two transactions, Grand
                Decade owned 49.15% shares of Sirtex HoldCo.

                The Group obtained the exclusive development and commercialization rights of APP13007 for anti-
                inflammatory and pain relief after ophthalmology surgery developed by Formosa in Mainland China,
    JUNE        Hong Kong and Macau, with a milestone payment of not more than USD9.5 million and a certain
                percentage of sales commissions.
                TLX591-CDx, the world’s innovative RDC for the imaging of prostate cancer of Telix, the Group’s partner
                in the RDC field, has been successfully dosed the first patient for clinical trials in Japan; and TLX591, a
                RDC for the treatment of prostate cancer, has been approved in Australia for Phase III clinical trials and
                has received ethical approval from Human Research Ethics Committee.

                The Group introduced the new generation HeartLight X3 laser ablation platform of HeartLight®
                Endoscopic Ablation System, an innovative medical device for the treatment of atrial fibrillation from
    MAY         Cardio Focus with a milestone payment of not more than USD20 million and a certain percentage of
                sales commission to obtain the exclusive commercialization rights and conditional transfer of the core
                technology in Mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau, and the priority cooperation rights of other
                products of Cardio Focus in the licensed region.
                The Group acquired 100% equity interest of Shenming Medical at RMB8.6 million, and thereby obtained
                all the development and commercialization rights of the thermosensitive embolic agents for the
                treatment of liver cancer and the subsequent development of gel products developed by Shenming
                Medical.
                The Group’s global innovative drug STC3141 for the field of severe infections successfully completed the
                enrollment of the first four patients for the Phase IIa clinical trial in Belgium for the treatment of severe
                COVID-19 patients, and successfully achieved continuous dosing.
                The core product SIR-Spheres® Y-90 resin microspheres of Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd, an associate of the
                Group, successfully dosed the first patient for a clinical trial of hepatocellular carcinoma after approved
                by the FDA for clinical trials of primary liver cancer.




                                                                                                                               13
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Corporate
Profile

                The Group’s global innovative drug STC3141 for the field of severe infection was approved to conduct a
                Phase IIa clinical trial in Belgium for the treatment of severe COVID-19.
      APRIL
                GenPulse™, a new generation of gene electrotransfer device developed by the Group in the field of
                tumor immunity and DNA technology research and development platform OncoSec, has obtained EU
                CE certification.

                SIR-Spheres® Y-90 resin microspheres, Core products of Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd, an associate company
                of the Group, were recommended by NICE and approved by the FDA for clinical trials of primary liver
      MARCH     cancer.
                STC3141, a global innovative drug for the treatment of sepsis, received the “Notice of Approval for
                Clinical Trial of Drugs” issued by the NMPA, and obtained approval to carry out Phase Ib clinical study in
                another indication ARDS.
                “Bimatoprost Eye Drops”, an innovative ophthalmic solution independently developed by the Group, has
                been issued a drug registration certificate by NMPA, which is the first approved generic drug in China
                for this variety.




     FEBRUARY   The Group acquired 752 shares in East Ocean Medical at US$12 million. East Ocean Medical became a
                wholly owned subsidiary of the Group.




14
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Corporate
Profile

DOMESTIC SALES NETWORK


                   First business division                                          Fifth business division
      Pharmaceutical business and hospital promotion                                Non-prescription product terminal promotion
                     Covering the pipeline network of                               Covering numerous large pharmacies nationwide
            major commercial companies nationwide

                   Second                                                                            Sixth
          business division                                                                          business division
               Hospital promotion of                                                                 Ophthalmic products and
          cerebro-cardiovascular and                                                                 hospital promotion
                emergency products
     Covering the central city hospital
                                                                >3,300                               Covering secondary potential
                                                                                                     urban hospitals
                                                                Sales staff

               Third
   business division                                                                                      Eighth
                                                                                                          business division
Commercialization and channel
  sales of ophthalmic products                                  ~17,000                                   Promotion: Drug sales agent
      Covering numerous large                                   Hospitals                                 Covering major hospitals and
        pharmacies nationwide                                                                             pharmacies


      Traditional Chinese                                                                            Cerebro-cardiovascular
        medicine division                                       ~260,000                             advanced medical
                                                                                                     device team
          Sales of traditional Chinese
                   medicine products                            Pharmacies                           Promotion: RESTORE®/APERTO®
  Covering numerous major hospitals                                                                  Promoters: ~110 staff
         and pharmacies nationwide                                                                   Covering numerous major
                                                                                                     hospital nationwide
                                 Qie Nuo team                                       RDC team
                 Sales of Qie Nuo (Respiratory and ENT)                             Promotion: SIR-Spheres® Y-90
                    Covering numerous major hospitals
                                                            Commerce                Microsphere Injection
                            and pharmacies nationwide        division               Promoters: ~110 staff
                                                           Commercial pipeline
                                                          construction, bidding
                                                          Coverage: all provinces




                                                                                                                                         15
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Corporate
Profile

GLOBAL SALES NETWORK OF SIRTEX




The production bases of SIR-Spheres® Y-90 Microsphere Injection, a product of the Group’s associate, Sirtex, are located in
Frankfurt, Germany, Boston, USA and Singapore. The global sales network mainly covers the Americas, Europe, Oceania and the
Asia-Pacific region, tapping into more than 50 countries and regions.




16
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Corporate
Profile

THE GLOBAL LAYOUT OF THE GROUP

Cardionovum GmbH                     InnovHeart S.r.l
ITM Isotope Technologies Munich SE
                                                                      Cloudbreak Bio-Pharmaceutical Science
                                       Italy                          and Technology (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.
Germany                                                               Chongqing AnTi New Bio-technology
                                                                      Limited
eTheRNA Immunotherapies NV                                            BRIM Biotechnology, Inc.
                                     ALK-Abelló A/S
Grand Medical (Europe) BV                                             Shanghai Revolmmune Therapeutics
                                                                      Biotechnology Limited
Belgium                              Denmark                          Formosa Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



 Conavi Medical Inc.
                                                                                                     PRC


Canada




                                       Switzerland

                                          Glenmark Specialty SA
  America
  Sirtex Medical US Holdings. Inc.
                                         Australia
  Sirtex Medical Inc
  CardioFocus, Inc                        Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd
  OncoSec Medical Inc.                    Griffith University
  Nanospectra Biosciences, Inc.           The Australian National University
  CoRISMA MCS Systems, Inc                Telix Pharmaceuticals Limited
  FastWave Medical Inc                    Grand Medical Pty Ltd
  BlackSwan Vascular, Inc.




                                                                                                              17
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Corporate
Profile

Particulars of the Group’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:

Company name and percentage of equity interest                                 Positioning and functions

Grand Pharma (China) Co., Ltd. 99.84%                                          Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                                 pharmaceutical products
Wuhan Wuyao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 99.18%                                    Manufacture of pharmaceutical raw materials
Wuhan Grand Hoyo Co., Ltd. 97.67%                                              Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                                 amino acid series products
Hubei Grand Life Science & Technology Co., Ltd. 97.43%                         Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                                 taurine products
Hubei Grand Biotechnology Co., Ltd. 49.69%                                     Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                                 amino acid series products
Hubei Grand Fuchi Pharmaceutical & Chemicals                                   Research and development, manufacture and sales of
  Co., Ltd. 89.60%                                                               agrochemicals, fine chemicals and chemical medicine
Hubei Grand EBE Pharmaceutical Company Limited 99.84%                          Manufacture and sales of ophthalmic pharmaceutical products
Zhejiang Xianju Xianle Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 67.00%                         Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                                 steroid hormones active pharmaceutical ingredients
                                                                                 and related intermediates
Wuhan Kernel Bio-tech Co., Ltd. 91.56%                                         Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                                 bio-technology products series
Hubei Wellness Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 99.84%                                 Manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical products
Grand Pharmaceutical Huangshi Feiyun                                           Research and development, manufacture and sales of
  Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 59.90%                                                pharmaceutical products
Wuhan Grandpharma Group Sales Co., Ltd. 99.84%                                 Sales of pharmaceutical products
Beijing Huajin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 71.88%                                 Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                                 pharmaceutical products
Huangshi Fuchi Water Affairs Company Limited 99.84%                            Treatment of sewage
Beijing Grand Jiuhe Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 96.84%                            Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                                 pharmaceutical products
Tianjin Jingming New Technology Development                                    Research and development, manufacture and sales of
   Co., Ltd. 73.18%                                                              pharmaceutical products
Zhu Hai Cardionovum Medical Device Co. Ltd. 77.89%                             Sales of medical devices
Xi’an Beilin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 99.84%                                   Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                                 pharmaceutical products
Wuhan Wuyao Technology Co., Ltd. 99.84%                                        Research and development
Grand Medical Pty Limited 100%                                                 Research and development

The principal associates of the Group are as follows:

Company name and percentage of equity interest                                 Positioning and functions

Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd 49.15% (Note)                                           Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                                 pharmaceutical products
OncoSec Medical Incorporated 42.71%                                            Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                                 pharmaceutical products
Shanghai Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 55.00%                          Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                                 pharmaceutical products
Cardionovum GmbH 33.33%                                                        Research and development, manufacture and sales of devices

Note: The Group has entered into total return swap transactions with Natixis (a multinational financial services firm incorporated in France), pursuant to
      which, among other things, Natixis shall transfer all the economic benefits and exposure of the approximately 7.7% equity interests in Grand Pharma
      Sphere Pte Ltd. (which wholly owned Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd.) currently held by Natixis to the Company. For details, please refer to the circular of the
      Company dated 13 September 2021 and the announcements of the Company dated 30 September 2021, 11 August 2021 and 2 July 2021.

18
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Corporate
Profile

DEFINITIONS
In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall have the meanings set out below:

“ALK”                                 ALK-Abelló A/S

“APERTO®OTW”                          Paclitaxel Releasing Hemodialysis Shunt Balloon Dilatation Catheter

“APP13007”                            Hormone nano-suspension eye drops

“ARDS”                                Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome

“AuroRNA Biotech”                     Nanjing AuroRNA Biotech Co., Ltd.

“Cardionovum”                         Cardionovum GmbH

“Cardio Focus”                        Cardio Focus, Inc.

“Conavi”                              Conavi Medical Inc.

“CoRISMA”                             CoRISMA MCS Systems, Inc

“COVID-19”                            2019 novel coronavirus disease

“East Ocean Medical”                  East Ocean Medical (Hong Kong) Company Limited

“eTheRNA”                             eTheRNA Immunotherapies NV

“FastWave”                            FastWave Medical Inc

“FDA”                                 United States Food and Drug Administration

“Formosa”                             Formosa Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

“Grand Decade”                        Grand Decade Developments Limited

“Grand Hoyo”                          Wuhan Grand Hoyo Company Limited

“Grand Life Technology”               Hubei Grand Life Science & Technology Co., Ltd.

“Grand Pharma (China)”                Grand Pharmaceutical (China) Company Limited*

“Greater China Region”                Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan region

“Huachen BioTech”                     Cangzhou Huachen BioTech Co., Ltd

“InnovHeart”                          InnovHeart S.r.l.




                                                                                                                    19
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Corporate
Profile

“ITM”                       ITM Isotope Technologies Munich SE

“LEGFLOW® OTW”              Paclitaxel Releasing Peripheral Balloon Dilatation Catheter

“mRNA”                      messenger RNA

“Natixis”                   Natixis, incorporated in France and the liability of its members is limited

“NMPA”                      National Medical Products Administration

“OncoSec”                   OncoSec Medical Incorporated

“RESTORE DEB®”              Paclitaxel Releasing Coronary Balloon Dilatation Catheter

“RDC”                       Radionuclide-drug conjugate

“Shenming Medical”          Jiangsu Shenming Medical Technology Co., Ltd.

“Sirtex”                    Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd

“Sirtex HoldCo”             Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd., a company established under the laws of Singapore with
                            limited liability

“VSV-GPM”                   Vesicular stomatitis oncolytic virus

“TAVO™”                     Tavokinogene Telseplasmid

“Telix”                     Telix Pharmaceuticals Limited

“The 14th Five-Year Plan”   The 14th Five-Year Plan for the Development of Pharmaceutical Industry

“Tianjin Jingming”          Tianjin Jingming New Technology Development Co., Ltd.




20
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Financial
Summary

RESULTS
                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                             2021         2020               2019            2018                 2017
                                           HK$’000      HK$’000            HK$’000         HK$’000              HK$’000


Revenue                                  8,597,975     6,352,919         6,590,635        5,958,355           4,770,850
Profit before tax                        2,785,832     2,073,583         1,355,973          883,899             558,939
Income tax                                (380,800)     (292,374)         (230,485)        (147,460)            (73,181)

Profit for the year                      2,405,032     1,781,209         1,125,488         736,439              485,758


ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                                                   As at 31 December
                                             2021         2020               2019            2018                 2017
                                           HK$’000      HK$’000            HK$’000         HK$’000              HK$’000


Total assets                            21,057,030    16,984,345        13,813,307      13,496,659             8,062,791
Total liabilities                       (7,614,168)   (5,640,136)       (5,302,300)     (6,062,032)           (5,603,190)

Net assets                              13,442,862    11,344,209         8,511,007        7,434,627           2,459,601


THE COMPANY’S STOCK PRICE TREND CHART IN 2021



                      9.5


  Stock Price (HK$)
                                                                                Revenue in 2021:
                      8.5                                                       HK$    8.6 billion
                      7.5                                                       Net profit attributable to the
                                                                                owners of the Company in 2021:
                      6.5                                                       HK$    2.4 billion
                      5.5                                                       The final cash dividend for
                                                                                2021 was approximately
                      4.5
                                                                                HK$    390 million
                      3.5
                            JAN 2021   JUN 2021                     DEC 2021




                                                                                                                       21
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Financial
Summary

Revenue growth
Table 1.1




Unit: HK$ million
                    9,000
                                                                        8,598
                    8,000   CAGR
                    7,000   15.9 %           6,591
                                                          6,353
                    6,000            5,958

                    5,000   4,771

                    4,000

                    3,000

                    2,000

                    1,000

                       0
                            2017     2018    2019         2020          2021



Increase rate of net profit attributable to the owners of the Company
Table 1.2




Unit: HK$ million
                    2,500
                            CAGR                                        2,403


                    2,000   51.1 %
                                                          1,793

                    1,500

                                             1,151
                    1,000

                                      713
                     500    461



                       0
                            2017     2018    2019         2020          2021




22
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Financial
Summary

THE REVENUE ANALYSIS OF THE GROUP BY BUSINESS SEGMENTS IS AS FOLLOWS:
Table 1.3




                     11.5%
                    Specialized
     pharmaceutical ingredients

                                                   62.5%
           and other products

                                                   Pharmaceutical preparations
                      26%                          and medical devices

        Bio-technology products
        and healthcare products




                                                                             23
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Management Discussion
and Analysis

INDUSTRY REVIEW
2021 marked the commencement of the “14th Five-Year” Plan in China. With the effective prevention and control of the 2019
novel coronavirus disease pandemic (“COVID-19”) in China, the economic and social development is gradually back to the normal
track. Internationally, Omicron, a variant virus of COVID-19, continues to spread around the world, and new cases continue to be
reported in various countries. The situation of COVID-19 pandemic prevention and control remains severe. Despite the slowdown
in the pace of global economic recovery, China’s economy still maintained a steady growth with a GDP growth of approximately
8.1% as compared to the previous year.

In the domestic pharmaceutical industry, new pharmaceutical policies have been continuously promoted, and the pharmaceutical
industry has achieved recovery and high growth in the post-pandemic era. The production and demand of the pharmaceutical
industry have shown rapid recovery growth, and the overall development was satisfactory. According to the data from the
National Bureau of Statistics of China, in 2021, the revenue growth rate of the pharmaceutical manufacturing industry was
approximately 20.1%, and the total profit growth rate was approximately 77.9%, showing huge development potential of the
pharmaceutical industry. While further integrating and upgrading the industrial structure of the pharmaceutical industry and
strengthening the overall planning during the “14th Five-Year” period, the Group will comprehensively promote the construction
of a healthy China, promote the balanced distribution of high-quality medical resources, strengthen the construction of public
health system, accelerate the construction of a hierarchical diagnosis and treatment system, and actively develop the orderly
introduction of policies such as medical consortiums, which will benefit the healthy development of the pharmaceutical industry
in the long run. At the same time, benefiting from factors such as the acceleration of aging population and consumption
upgrading, the pharmaceutical sector, as an inelastic demand in domestic demand, coupled with the gradual improvement of the
“Three Medical System” of medical care, medical insurance and medicine, ushered in a good development opportunity for the
entire industry landscape.

In the face of the deepening reform of China’s medical and health system, the Group adapted to the market development and
changes in industry policies, seized opportunities, continued to consolidate its technological innovation strength, focused on the
needs of patients, took technological innovation as the driving force, increased the layout of global innovative products and
advanced technologies in response to the unmet clinical needs. By adhering to the strategy of “global expansion and dual-cycle
operation” and focusing on domestic and foreign quality innovative products, the Group will develop our existing segments to
provide more advanced and diversified treatment solutions for patients worldwide through the domestic and international cycles,
so as to enhance the core competitiveness of the Group and bring greater returns to shareholders and the society.




24
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Management Discussion
and Analysis

GROUP POSITIONING
Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is an international
pharmaceutical company of technological innovation. The core products of the Group cover several major businesses represented
by the anti-tumor, cardiovascular emergency pharmaceutical products and advanced cerebro-cardiovascular intervention medical
devices, severe disease and anti-infection, respiratory and ENT, bio-health products and specialized pharmaceutical ingredients.
The Group has mainly focused on four business scopes, namely “innovative drugs with high entry barriers”, “branded drugs”,
“integration of raw materials”, and “nutrition products”. There are three major segments of global innovation and technology
leadership, namely cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment, Radionuclide-drug conjugate (“RDC”)
and severe disease and anti-infection, to be carried out with a forward-looking view by the Group. The Group has invested five
technology R&D platforms and five R&D centers around the world. The technology R&D platforms consist of the RDC technology
platform, DNA R&D technology platform, mRNA R&D technology platform, Glycomics R&D technology platform and Advanced
medical device R&D platform. The R&D centers include the International R&D Center in Optics Valley in Wuhan as well as four
overseas R&D centers (namely San Diego R&D Center — Immunotherapy (DNA Technology) Anti-tumor in the United States,
Boston R&D Center — Precision Interventional Anti-tumor in the United States, Belgium R&D Center — mRNA, and Australia R&D
Center — Severe Disease and Anti-infection). Upon the principles of meeting the needs of patients, adapting to market
development and insisting on technological innovation as well as the development concept of “comprehensive strengths,
innovation barriers and global expansion” and the strategy of “dual-wheel driving development of independent R&D, global
expansion and dual-cycle operation”, the Group has formed a new pattern of domestic and international cycles that synergize
with each other, and is committed to becoming an international pharmaceutical company of technological innovation, delivering
on its promises for doctors and patients, and making significant contribution to the society.

BUSINESS REVIEW
Revenue and Profit
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group recorded revenue of approximately HK$8,597.98 million, representing an
increase of approximately 35.3% as compared to the corresponding period in 2020. During the Year, the Group’s gross profit
margin was approximately 61.0%, which was 2.5 per cent points lower than the gross profit margin of 63.5% for the corresponding
period in 2020.

The total profit for the Year attributable to owners of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2021 amounted to
approximately HK$2,402.56 million, with an increment of approximately 34.0% as compared with the corresponding period in
2020. If excluding the gain from changes in fair value of investment in Telix and the share of results of other overseas associates,
the profit attributable to the owners of the Company for the Year amounted to approximately HK$2,059.59 million (2020:
HK$1,709.02 million).




                                                                                                                                25
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Management Discussion
and Analysis

Pharmaceutical Preparations and Medical Devices
Pharmaceutical products and medical devices are currently the major sources of profit contribution of the Group. Major products
include ophthalmic medicines, respiratory and ENT medicines, cerebro-cardiovascular emergency medicines and medical devices.
In recent years, the Group has devoted to building the most comprehensive supply chain of ophthalmic, respiratory and ENT and
cerebro-cardiovascular medicines in the PRC, covering the prescription drugs, over-the-counter drugs, medical devices, etc., and
providing treatment solutions and care to medical professionals and patients. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the revenue
from pharmaceutical products and medical devices was approximately HK$5,377.14 million, representing an increase of
approximately 31.7% as compared to revenue of approximately HK$4,081.75 million for the corresponding period in 2020, which
was mainly due to a significant increase in the sales of cerebro-cardiovascular emergency medicines and ophthalmic medicines.
The following are the major products and sales in each therapeutic area.

•     Ophthalmic products

      The Group has nearly 30 ophthalmic products for the treatment of dry eye, hemorrhage, glaucoma, cataract, anti-
      inflammation and myopia-related indications. Major products include Rui Zhu (polyvinyl alcohol eye drop), He Xue Ming Mu
      tablets, Fuming series, Bai Nei Ting, Jie Qi, Nuo Ming, etc.

      Rui Zhu® (polyvinyl alcohol eye drop) is a single-piece preservative-free artificial tears. Its unique tearing membrane
      polymerization effect can strengthen the role of mucin, nourish the eye surface, and resist external inflammatory factors,
      which plays a positive role in the prevention and treatment of dry eye. It is currently a first-line drug for the treatment of dry
      eye. It is recommended by experts such as the Expert Consensus on Prevention and Control of Cataract Surgery in China
      (2021) (《中國白內障圍手術期乾眼防治專家共識(2021年)》), the Expert Consensus on Sterily Surgery in China (2020)
      (《中國乾眼專家共識(2020年)》), the Expert Consensus on Refractive Surgery in Laser Corneal Surgery in China (2019)
      (《中國鐳射角膜屈光手術圍手術期用專家共識(2019年)》), and the Expert Consensus on Diagnosis and Treatment of
      Functional Disorder of Bleacne in China (2017) (《我國瞼板腺功能障礙診斷與治療專家共識(2017年)》). Rui Zhu® has a
      good brand recognition and was awarded the China Well-known Trademark in 2017; 2016-2020 was awarded the C-Flex
      Gold Award for five consecutive years, namely the “Healthy China Brand List” and the “China Pharmaceutical Brand List” by
      Menet in 2021. The Group achieved good results in the promotion of prescription drugs and non-prescription drugs. At the
      same time, the Group strengthened the academic-driven development of e-commerce platforms to empower sales and
      maintain the steady growth of Rui Zhu®.

      He Xue Ming Mu tablet, which is produced by three classical formulae, namely the Siwutang (四物湯), Erzhiwan (二至丸和)
      and Shengpuhuangtang (生蒲黃湯), has the functions of cooling blood hemostasis, moisturising dryness and removing
      blood stasis, and nourishing liver and eye-brightening, and is mainly used for the treatment of retinal hemorrhage caused
      by the cloudy liver and the heat-burn winding. Being the exclusive product in the PRC, the State Protected Chinese
      Medicine, the National Reimbursement Drug List (2021 edition) and the National Essential Drug List (2018 edition) for the
      last 20 years since its launch, the Group has accumulated a large number of clinical research data and application experience
      in the field of ocular hemorrhage, which has been included in a number of guidelines/consensus such as the Practical
      Ophthalmic Medicine. In 2021, the Chinese Association of Traditional Chinese Medicine published the Expert Consensus on
      Clinical Application of He Xue Ming Mu Tablets for the Treatment of Wet Age-related macular degeneration (《和血明目片
      治療濕性年齡相關性黃斑變性臨床應用專家共識》), which provides valuable reference for clinical use of He Xue Ming
      Mu tablets, improves the clinical benefits of wet macular degeneration patients, and the sales of products continue to grow
      steadily.

      For the year ended 31 December 2021, the revenue of the Group’s ophthalmic products was approximately HK$1,063.23
      million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 26.8% as compared to the revenue of approximately
      HK$838.67 million for the same period in 2020, among which, the revenue of Rui Zhu® increased by approximately 34.7%
      and the revenue of He Xue Ming Mu tablets increased by approximately 32.6%.



26
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Management Discussion
and Analysis

•   Respiratory and ENT products

    The main products include Qie Nuo (Eucalyptol, Limonene and Pinene Enteric Soft Capsules), Jinsang Series (Jinsang Kaiyin
    Tablet/Capsule/Pill/Granules, Jinsang Qingyin Tablet/Capsule/Pill/Granules, Jinsang Liyan Tablet/Capsule/Pill/Granules,
    Jinsang Sanjie Tablet/Capsule/Pill/Granules), Nuo Tong, etc.

    Qie Nuo is a soluble and phlegm-free drug for viscosity. For acute and chronic rhinosinusitis; respiratory diseases such as
    acute and chronic bronchitis, pneumonia, bronchial dilation, pulmonary abscess, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease,
    bacterial infection in the lungs, tuberculosis, and silica lungs; It can also be used for bronchoscopic angiography to facilitate
    the discharge of contrast medium. It is a national exclusive product independently developed by the Group. Adult wear and
    kidswear are applicable to adults and children respectively. It was included in the National Reimbursement Drug List in 2017
    and the National Essential Drug List in 2018. In October 2021, the name of the product was changed from “桉檸蒎腸溶軟膠
    囊” to “桉檸蒎腸溶膠囊”. In December 2021, the product was connected to the National Medical Insurance Pool. Currently,
    there are 11 guidelines and 12 expert consensus recommending the use of viscosity dissolving promotors for clinical use.
    Among them, 9 guidelines and 5 expert consensus explicitly recommend eucalyptus lympic enteric-coated capsules or its
    active ingredients for clinical treatment, such as the Diagnosis and Treatment Guidelines for Cough (2021) (《咳嗽的診斷與
    治療指南(2021)》), Guidelines for Rational Use of Drugs for Chronic COPD in Primary Care 2020) (《慢性阻塞性肺疾病基
    層合理用藥指南(2020)》), Chinese Expert Consensus — Chinese Expert Consensus-Chinese (2015) on High-secretion
    Management of Gastrointestinal Adhesis for Chronic Gastropic Diseases (《慢性氣道炎症性疾病氣道黏液高分泌管理中
    國專家共識 — 中文版2015)》), etc. The clinical status is prominent, and the level of recognition among doctors and
    patients is high, continuing to lead the market of oral cough relieving and phlegm relieving drugs. After the COVID-19
    pandemic, the wearing of masks and the improvement of hygiene habits have reduced the incidence of respiratory diseases,
    and the growth of Qie Nuo sales has slowed down.

    Jinsang Series Products are exclusive products nationwide, covering all the diseases of the throat, among which, Jinsang
    Sanjie Capsule has the effect of clearing heat and detoxification, activating blood stasis, moisturising phlegm, and is used for
    the formation of slow throat caused by heat and poisoning storage and airtight blood stasis (small knots with sound tapes,
    meat with sound tapes, thickening of mucous film with sound tapes and other conditions caused thereby. Jinsang Sanjie
    Capsule has been widely used in clinical application for more than 30 years since its launch, and is known as the “natural
    medicine surgical knife for the treatment of microtubules and sculptures”. Jinsang Liyan Capsule has the effect of
    humidifying phlegm and relieving liver gas. It is the only Chinese patent medicine for the treatment of throat diseases
    caused by intraocular obstruction of liver depression and phlegm and humidification. It is also an ideal medicine for the
    treatment of pharyngeal symptoms in clinical operation, gastroesophageal reflux pharyngitis, and chronic and thick
    pharyngitis. Jinsang Kaiyin Capsule has the dual throat protection function of relieving wind and heat and throat, and is
    designed for the rapid effect of throat redness, swelling, heat, pain and hoarning caused by acute pharyngitis and acute
    pharyngitis. Several products have been included in the Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Common Diseases in
    Otorhinolaryngology of China (《中國耳鼻咽喉科常見病診療指南》) issued by the Chinese Association of Traditional
    Chinese Medicine, the Clinical Drug Guidelines (《臨床用藥指南》) for the diagnosis and treatment of clinicians, the
    authoritative monographs of the Manual for Traditional Chinese Medicine of Common Eye, Otorhinolaryngology (《中國耳
    鼻咽喉科常見病診療指南》) and the Practical Otorhinolaryngology Head and Neck Surgery (《實用耳鼻咽喉頭頸外科
    學》), etc., and are included in a number of clinical pathways and expert diagnosis and treatment guidelines. In January
    2022, the “Expert Consensus on the Clinical Application of Jinsang Sanjie Capsules for the Treatment of Small-knots and
    Wholesales” (《金嗓散結膠囊治療聲帶小結、聲帶息肉臨床應用專家共識》) issued by the Chinese Association of
    Traditional Chinese Medicine has also provided new support for the evidence-based development of Jinsang Sanjie
    products. Jinsang Sanjie and Jinsang Kaiyin Capsule were included in the NRDL in 2021, and Jinsang Kaiyin and Qingyin are
    dual cross-over products with both prescription and over-the-counter drugs. With the increase in production capacity, the
    expansion of clinical applications and the coverage of medical insurance, the sales of Jinsang Series Products increased
    rapidly.




                                                                                                                                 27
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Management Discussion
and Analysis

     For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s revenue from respiratory and ENT products amounted to approximately
     HK$1,706.33 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 28.1% as compared to the revenue of
     approximately HK$1,331.69 million for the same period in 2020, of which the Qie Nuo increased by approximately 10.1% and
     the Jinsang Series increased by approximately 57.1%.

•    Cerebro-cardiovascular emergency products

     The Group’s products mainly cover the fields of platelet inhibitors, blood pressure control, and vascular active drugs. The
     main products include Li Shu An® (norepinephrine bitartrate injection, adrenaline hydrochloride injection), Xin Wei Ning
     (tirofiban hydrochloride and sodium chloride injection), Nuo Fu Kang® (methoxamine hydrochloride injection) and Rui An Ji
     (fructose sodium diphosphate oral solution), etc.

     Li Shu An®, norepinephrine bitartrate injection, a booster drug, is used for blood pressure control in acute low blood
     pressure state, and can also be used for blood pressure maintenance after the sudden suspension and recovery of heart
     jump. The adrenaline hydrochloride injection is suitable for severe respiratory difficulties caused by bronchospasm, which
     can quickly relieve the allergic shock caused by drugs, and can also be used to extend the effect time of infiltrating
     anesthesia drugs. Major rescue medication for cardiopulmonary resuscitation caused by various reasons. Both products are
     included in the National Reimbursement Drug List and the National Essential Drug List, and the norepinephrine bitartrate
     injection with heavy tartrate passed the consistency evaluation for the first time in China in 2021. As an important first-aid
     medicine, the two products are recommended by a number of guidelines and expert consensus, such as the Expert
     Consensus on the Application of Vasopressors in Emergency Shock (2021) (《血管加壓藥物在急診休克中的應用專家共識
     (2021)》), the Expert Consensus on the Diagnosis and Treatment of Adult Heart Emergency in China (2021) (《成人心臟驟
     停後綜合征診斷和治療中國急診專家共識(2021)》), the Guidelines for the Treatment of Sepsis/Sepsis in Emergency in
     China (2018) (《中國膿毒症/膿毒性休克急診治療指南(2018)》), the Expert Consensus on Diagnosis and Treatment of
     Cardio Disorders in China (2018) (《心源性休克診斷和治療中國專家共識(2018)》), the Consensus of Chinese Emergency
     Experts on Diagnosis and Treatment of Traumatic Disorders in China (2017) (《創傷失血性休克診治中國急診專家共識
     (2017)》), the Guidelines for Diagnosis and Treatment of ESC Urgent and Chronic Heart Failure in 2016 (《2016 ESC急、慢
     性心力衰竭診斷和治療指南》), and the Guidelines for Rational Use of Medication for Heart Failure (2nd Edition) (《心力
     衰竭合理用藥指南(第2版)》), and the clinical status of the products is remarkable. The Group’s Li Shu An® is well known for
     its brand and has achieved steady sales growth.

     Xin Wei Ning, tirofiban hydrochloride and sodium chloride injection, is mainly used in acute myocardial infarction (STEMI) for
     adult patients and patients who plan to perform direct coronary angioplasty (PCI) procedures with electrocardiogram
     changes and/or the rise of myocardase who are not ST-stage elevated acute coronary syndrome (NSTE-ACS) within 12 hours
     of final chest pain. The product was approved for launch in 2004. It is China’s first platelet surface glycoprotein GP Ⅱb/Ⅲa
     receptor antagonist and China’s first intravenous antiplatelet drug. It was included in the NRDL in 2009. Currently, it has
     been recommended and applied by several authoritative guidelines and expert consensus, such as the Guidelines for
     Diagnosis and Treatment of Acute ST Section Elevation Myocardial Infarction (2019) (《急性ST段抬高型心肌梗死診斷和治
     療指南(2019)》), the Guidelines for Diagnosis and Treatment of Non-ST Section Elevation Acute Coronary Artery (2016)
     (《非ST段抬高型急性冠狀動脈綜合征診斷和治療指南(2016)》), the Guidelines for Rational Use of Drugs for Coronary
     Heart Disease (2nd Edition) (《冠心病合理用藥指南(第2版)》), and the Chinese Expert Consensus for the Treatment of
     Ⅱb/Ⅲa Receptor Antagonist in Coronary Atherosclerosis (2016) (《血小板糖蛋白Ⅱb/Ⅲa受體拮抗劑在冠狀動脈粥樣硬
     化性心臟病治療的中國專家共識(2016)), which provides a strong guarantee for the prevention and control of acute
     thrombosis and the restoration of blood flow and perfusion of ACS patients in China. At the same time, the product also
     entered into the recommendation of the Expert Consensus on the Clinical Application of Tirofiban in Cerebral Conglomerate
     Diseases (《替羅非班在動脈粥樣硬化性腦血管疾病中的臨床應用專家共識》) issued by the China Stroke Association
     and other institutions at the end of 2019. The Group is also actively exploring its application value in the field of brain blood
     vessels.




28
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Management Discussion
and Analysis

    Nuo Fu Kang, methoxamine hydrochloride injection, a booster drug, is used for the treatment of low blood pressure during
    general anesthesia, and can prevent the occurrence of abnormal heart rate, which can be used for low blood pressure
    induced by the internal obstruction of the vertebral tube. It is used to terminate arrays of ventricular hyperactivity. The
    product is the first generic of the Group in China, and has been launched for more than 30 years. It has been recommended
    and used by guidelines and expert consensus, including the Guiding Opinions on the Management of Peripheral Anesthesia
    in Chinese Geriatric Patients (2014/2017/2020) (《中國老年患者圍術期麻醉管理指導意見(2014/2017/2020)》), the Expert
    Consensus on the Management of Interventional Anesthesia in Intracranial Diseases in China (2016) (《中國顱腦疾病介入
    治療麻醉管理專家共識(2016)》), the Expert Consensus on the Application of α 1 Nephrolimus-based receptor agonist
    during the Peripheral Operation Period (2017Edition) (《α1腎上腺素能受體激動劑圍術期應用專家共識(2017版)》), the
    Expert Consensus on Anesthesia in Chinese Industry (2018/2020) (《中國產科麻醉專家共識(2018/2020)》), and the
    Consensus on the Clinical Management of Chinese Experts in the Peripheral Anesthesia Period of Non-cardiac Surgery in
    Patients (2020) (2020《心臟病患者非心臟手術圍麻醉期中國專家臨床管理共識(2020年)》).

    Rui An Ji, fructose sodium diphosphate oral solution, which is mainly used for the treatment of angina pectoris of coronary
    heart disease, acute myocardial infarction, arrhythmia and heart failure, and viral myocarditis; It is used for brain ischemic
    symptoms caused by cerebral infarction and cerebral hemorrhage. It was included in the Diagnosis and Treatment
    Suggestions for Children’s Heart Failure (2020 Revision) (《兒童心力衰竭診斷和治療建議(2020年修訂版)》), National
    Expert Consensus on Prevention and Treatment of Burst and shock (2020 Edition) (《燒傷休克防治全國專家共識(2020
    版)》), “National Prescription Set in China(《中國國家處方集》), “Zhufutang Practical Pediatrics (8th Edition) (《諸福棠實
    用兒科學》第八版) and Pediatric Therapeutic School (2nd Edition) (《兒科治療學》第2版). It was mainly recommended
    for the treatment of cardiovascular diseases such as heart failure and viral myocarditis, which effectively helped patients
    improve their myocardial energy metabolism and improve their cardiac functions.

    For the year ended 31 December 2021, the revenue of the Group’s cerebro-cardiovascular emergency chemical drug
    preparation products was approximately HK$1,872.03 million, representing an increase of approximately 32.7% as compared
    to HK$1,410.97 million for the corresponding period in 2020, among which the revenue of four core products, namely Li Shu
    An®, Nuo Fu Kang®, Xin Wei Ning and Rui An Ji, amounted to approximately HK$1,833.01 million in aggregate, representing
    an increase of approximately 34.4% as compared to HK$1,363.58 million for the corresponding period in 2020.

•   Medical devices

    The Group’s medical device products mainly cover coronary intervention and peripheral vascular intervention treatment. In
    October 2019 and April 2020, the Group launched two high-end drug-coating balloon RESTORE DEB® and APERTO® OTW in
    China, respectively. The two drug-coating balloon products adopt the unique patented SAFEPAX technology. Both drug-
    coating products are stable, with small decay rate and strong product competitiveness. After more than two years of clinical
    use, the product has been recognized by clinical doctors and patients and good market reputation.

    RESTORE DEB®, a coronary drug-coating balloon, is currently the only drug-coating balloon with the dual indications of
    original coronary artery disease mutation and stent restenosis. Its clinical research results were published in the important
    journal “JACC (Journal of the American College of Cardiology) Cardiovascular Interventions” in the field of cardiovascular
    disease, and its clinical status was also affirmed in the guidelines and expert consensus such as the Guidelines for Treatment
    of Percutaneous Coronary Intervention (中國經皮冠狀動脈介入治療指南) and the Chinese Expert Consensus on Clinical
    Application of Drug Coated Balloon (藥物塗層球囊臨床應用中國專家共識).

    APERTO® OTW is the first drug-coating balloon for the indication of arteriovenous fistula stenosis in dialysis patients. This
    product has the dual characteristics of high pressure resistance and drug coating. Compared with ordinary high pressure
    balloon, APERTO® OTW has a significant advantage in the passing rate of target lesions for six months after surgery, which
    will greatly contribute to the extension of the life time of fistula and the improvement of the quality of life of dialysis
    patients. Its clinical research results are published in American Journal of Kidney Diseases, an important journal in the field of
    kidney disease treatment.

                                                                                                                                  29
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Management Discussion
and Analysis

      For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s revenue from medical devices was approximately HK$272.37 million,
      representing an increase of approximately 211% as compared to HK$87.46 million for the corresponding period in 2020.

Bio-Technology Products and Health Products
The Group’s biotechnology products and health products mainly include amino acids, bio-pesticides, bio-feed additives, etc.
During the Year, the revenue of biotechnology products and healthcare products was approximately HK$2,231.46 million,
representing an increase of approximately 48.5% as compared to HK$1,503.08 million for the corresponding period in 2020.

Under the guidance of the business philosophy of “new technology, high quality, industrial chain and internationalization”, the
Group has been deeply engaged in the amino acid industry for many years, and has developed into one of the world’s leading
enterprises that produce high-quality amino acid products on a large-scale basis through biological manufacturing. The Group is
committed to serving the biotechnology big health industry by producing high-quality amino acid products. At present, the
production capacity of the Group’s core amino acid product, Taurine, ranks second in the world, and the production capacity of
Cysteine series ranks first in the world. Benefiting from the continuous expansion of the international business and the general
health business, the revenue of the Group’s amino acid products (including Taurine products) increased by approximately 54.5%
from HK$1,178.63 million for the corresponding period in 2020 to approximately HK$1,820.92 million; the revenue of bio-pesticides
and bio-feed additives related products also recorded an increase of approximately 21.8%.

•     Specialized Pharmaceutical Raw Materials and Other Products

      Specialized pharmaceutical ingredients and other products are the relatively stable segment among the product segments
      of the Group. As an important part of the front end of the integrated supply chain of pharmaceutical ingredients and
      products, the Group has always been proactively improving technology level and product quality, reforming the product
      production technology to increase efficiency, and adjusting the product matrix to enhance market competitiveness and
      improve economic efficiency. During the year, the relevant revenue of this segment was approximately HK$989.37 million,
      representing an increase of approximately 28.8% as compared to HK$768.09 million for the corresponding period in 2020.

Distribution Costs and Administrative Expenses
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the distribution costs and administrative expenses of the Group were approximately
HK$2,397.85 million and HK$909.62 million respectively, as compared to approximately HK$1,860.08 million and HK$685.24 million
respectively for the corresponding period in 2020. The increase in distribution costs was mainly due to the fact that the market
development and team expansion of sales representatives have returned to normal operation during the Year. The distribution
costs accounted for approximately 27.9% of the revenue for the Year, which approximated to 29.3% for the corresponding period
in 2020. As the Group’s business expanded, the overall administrative expenses recorded an increase of approximately 32.7% as
compared to the corresponding period in 2020.

Finance Costs
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s finance costs amounted to approximately HK$92.96 million as compared to
approximately HK$115.42 million for the corresponding period in 2020. During the Year, the Group continuously adjusted its loan
portfolio, resulting in a decrease of approximately 19.5% in the overall finance costs.




30
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Management Discussion
and Analysis

Research and Development and Project Investment
The Group invested a large amount of funds for the pre-clinical research, clinical trials, listing and registration phases of research
projects, which generated a total of HK$331.42 million in the research and development expenses for the year ended 31
December 2021. If the advance payment and other contributions for new projects is added, the total investment in research and
development and various projects of the Group amounted to over HK$2.3 billion in 2021.

Receivables and Payables
As at 31 December 2021, the trade and other receivables of the Group amounted to approximately HK$2,661.45 million,
representing an increase of approximately HK$767.29 million as compared to the balance in 2020. The main reason of such
increment is mainly due to the increase of business scope during this period, resulting in an increase of approximately HK$289.03
million in the trade and bills receivables. Also the prepayment amount increased by approximately HK$379.37 million mainly
related to the deposit payment and milestone payment of various projects including (but not limited to) Conavi Medical Inc.
project, Cardio Focus project, ALK project and Formosa project, etc. amounted to approximately HK$156.42 million. Also it was
paid approximately HK$199.01 million to Natixis as deposit for the Sirtex HoldCo project. The details of these projects are stated in
the sections below.

As at 31 December 2021, the trade and other payables of the Group amounted to approximately HK$2,871.76 million, representing
an increase of approximately HK$732.31 million as compared to the balance in 2020. The main reason of such increment is mainly
due to the increase of business scope during this period, resulting in an increase of approximately HK$72.01 million in the trade
and bills payables. Furthermore, in order to cope with the expansion of business scope, the accrued selling and operating
expenses such as salaries, marketing and promotion, R&D expenses etc. increased by approximately HK$322.46 million.

Research and Development
The Group is one of the earliest domestic pharmaceutical companies that have performed transformation of technological
innovation and internationalization, devoting itself to building a system of innovative R&D and outstanding talents. The Group has
formed a unique layout and concept of technological innovation and development via active cooperation with the world-leading
pharmaceutical companies, universities and scientific research institutions. In line with the strategic concepts of international
layout, differentiated innovation and professional development for core therapeutic areas, the Group has formed a product layout
which focuses on four major segments, including cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment, tumor
treatment, severe disease and anti-infection and respiratory and ENT. At present, the Group has sufficient and reasonable R&D
pipelines comprised of 106 projects under research and 43 innovative projects, involving in different stages from pre-clinical to
new drug application, and thus forming a good echelon effect.

Along with the high-level R&D capability, during the Year, the Group obtained manufacturing approvals for 21 projects and
applied for launching application for 8 projects, obtained clinical research approvals for 10 innovative projects and applied for
clinical trial for 5 projects, achieving numerous milestones.




                                                                                                                                   31
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Management Discussion
and Analysis

Innovative R&D Pipeline
•    Cerebro-cardiovascular Precise Intervention

     The field of cerebro-cardiovascular precision intervention diagnosis and treatment is one of the core strategic areas of the
     Group the Group is committed to building an international leading platform for precision interventional diagnosis and
     treatment platform. It has 10 innovative products thoroughly covering coronary artery intervention, peripheral vascular
     intervention, neurological intervention, structural cardiac disease, electrophysiology and heart failure and complete the
     comprehensive layout for 6 core strategic markets. Among which, two products for coronary artery and peripheral vascular
     intervention were approved to launch and other products are underway orderly.

     In the field of coronary artery intervention and peripheral vascular intervention treatment, the Group adapts the treatment
     concept of “intervention without implantation” and has three drug-coating balloon products and one shock wave therapy
     system against vascular calcification. Post-marketing clinical study for RESTORE DEB®, coronary drug-coating balloon, and
     APERTO® OTW, drug coating balloon, which have been launched, commenced successfully. In addition, the product
     LEGFLOW® OTW for peripheral vascular diseases has also entered into clinical research stage and is expected to be launched
     in 2024. In the field of vascular calcification treatment, the Group has been developing a shock wave therapy system, which
     is an innovative medical device for the treatment of moderate or severe arterial calcification. It is the latest generation of
     vascular calcification therapy, which destroys superficial and deep calcification in affected areas by shock wave without
     causing soft issue injuries in the inside of blood vessel and vascular intima.

     In the field of coronary artery intervention, the Group’s global innovative product, NOVASIGHT Hybrid, combines
     intravascular ultrasound/optical coherence tomography and can simultaneously show the ultrasound and optical image
     with the same direction, axis and phase. It is also the first intravascular ultrasound/optical coherence tomography system
     approved by the Food and Drug Administration of the United States (“FDA”) with promising prospect in the field of coronary
     artery imaging and intracavitary interventional surgery. This product has already been launched in the United States, Canada
     and Japan, and was enrolled in the special review approval process of innovative medical device in 2019 for registration in
     China. Currently, the product has completed the clinical stage and is expected to obtain the approval for launch from the
     PRC in 2022.

     In the field of neurointervention, the Group has a stent retriever product against ischemic stroke, LONG. With reference of
     mature interventional technology and stent of coronary and peripheral, neurological stent retriever can extend an ischemic
     stroke patient’s treatment window from 6 hours to 24 hours of drug treatment, becoming a new clinical method for treating
     cerebral stroke. Such product is a critical step for the achievement of the Group’s target of “treating the heart and brain with
     the same therapeutic method”. Currently, the product is in the pre-clinical research stage and has entered into clinical stage
     in 2021 and it is anticipated to obtain the approval for launch from the PRC in 2024.

     In terms of structural cardiac disease, the Group has deployed Saturn, a global innovative medical device, for mitral valve
     replacement, which implanted by transseptal intervention, which minimizes surgical trauma and shortens postoperative
     recovery time. Its innovative combination of annulus reconstruction technology and valve replacement technology will
     improve the adaptability of the device and will be suitable for various mitral valve structures. Currently, the product is under
     development stage.

     In the field of electrophysiology, the Group has HeartLight X3 laser ablation platform, an innovative medical device for the
     treatment of atrial fibrillation. It is the latest generation of atrial fibrillation ablation platform equipped with the point-to-
     point adjustable energy precise ablation characteristics of traditional radiofrequency catheter ablation, and at the same time
     having the characteristics of simple operation and short procedure time of cryoablation, while greatly reducing the
     dependence on the operator. HeartLight X3 was approved for commercialization in the United States in May 2020. It is the
     only product in the world that can achieve circumferential ablation by laser in the treatment of atrial fibrillation. The
     preparation for launching the project in the PRC is underway.


32
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Management Discussion
and Analysis

    In the field of heart failure, the Group will work with an innovative medical device company incubated by Yale University to
    develop CoRISMA, a transcatheter implantation medical device for patients with stage three and final stage of heart failure,
    which is powered with the world advanced wireless energy transmission technology to provide, through minimally invasive
    surgery, less traumatic, highly safe and less postoperative complications treatment without exposure to infection from
    power cord. Currently, the product is under development stage.

•   Anti-tumor

    The Group’s comprehensive layout in the tumor field reflects the forward-looking, technological and innovative concepts of
    tumor treatment On the one hand, taking SIR-Spheres® Y-90 microsphere injection as the core, systematically develop RDC
    products and establish a radiopharmaceutical diagnosis and treatment platform. On the other hand, it creates new tumor
    immunotherapy products, such as oncolytic viruses, DNA immunotherapy and mRNA tumor vaccines, etc., to solve the
    ineffectiveness and drug resistance of tumor immunotherapy. Currently, 16 global innovative products have been reserved,
    covering 13 cancer types including liver cancer, prostate cancer, and colorectal cancer, involving tumor intervention, RDC
    drugs and immunotherapy. Through the product portfolio, the Group expands into internal medicine, surgery, interventional
    medicine, nuclear medicine and other departments to form a multi-disciplinary synergy so that tumor treatment products
    can serve patients in different areas and departments At present, SIR-Spheres® Y-90 microsphere injection, a blockbuster
    product for tumor intervention, has been approved for launching, and the launch of other products is also in progress.

    SIR-Spheres® Y-90 microsphere injection is the key product of the field of tumor intervention of the Group. It is the only
    product in the world for the selective internal radiation therapy “SIRT” for colorectal cancer liver metastases, which has been
    used by over 120,000 people in 50 countries and regions around the world. It is recommended in the treatment guidelines
    of numerous international authoritative organizations, including the National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN), the
    European Society for Medical Oncology Guidelines (ESMO), the European Association for the Study of the Liver (EASL), the
    National Institute for Health and Care Excellence in the United Kingdom (NICE), etc. and has been included in several
    authoritative clinical practice guidelines in China, including the “Guidelines for Diagnosis and Treatment of Primary Liver
    Cancer (2022 edition)” (《原發性肝癌診療指南(2022版)》), “Chinese Guidelines for Diagnosis and Comprehensive
    Treatment of Colorectal Cancer Liver Metastases (2018 edition)” (《中國結直腸癌肝轉移診斷和綜合治療指南(2018版)》),
    “Clinical Practice Guidelines for Liver Cancer and Liver Transplantation in China (2018 edition)” (《中國肝癌肝移植臨床實
    踐指南(2018版)》), etc.. SIR-Spheres® Y-90 microsphere injection has been officially granted a drug registration certificate
    by NMPA in February 2022, which can be used for the treatment of patients with unresectable colorectal liver metastases
    who have failed to respond to the standard therapy. During the Reported Period, outstanding progress was achieved in
    overseas R&D and market exploration. In March 2021, SIR-Spheres® Y-90 resin microspheres were recommended by National
    Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE). In the same month, the FDA in the United States approved to conduct
    clinical trials of SIR-Spheres® Y-90 resin microspheres on primary liver cancer (HCC) and the first patient was dosed in May.

    In the field of tumor intervention, the Group also has a thermosensitive embolic agent for the treatment of liver cancer,
    which is a tumor treatment product that has been granted innovative medical devices by NMPA in the PRC. At room
    temperature, the gel has good fluidity. After being delivered to the blood vessels of the diseased tissue through the
    microcatheter, the gel forms in-situ gel from the peripheral blood vessel to the main supply vessel at body temperature,
    realizing the embolization of the blood vessel in diseased tissue. It is suitable for embolic treatment of various hypervascular
    parenchymal organs tumors, especially for the liver hypervascular benign, moderate and malignant tumors. Due to the
    drug-loading characteristic of this product, it will be possible to jointly launch a new combination product with SIR-Spheres®
    Y-90 microsphere injection in the future to expand the scope of application of single product. Currently, the preclinical
    development is underway.




                                                                                                                                33
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Management Discussion
and Analysis

     In the field of RDC, the Group has obtained the rights of 9 RDC products, during such period, significant progress has been
     achieved for various products. In June 2021, first patient was dosed with TLX591-CDx in Japan, which was approved for
     launching in the United States and Australia in December, with special authorization in Brazil to allow pre-approval sales,
     and launching application for the product has been filed in 17 countries;TLX591 was approved for phase III clinical trials in
     Australia in June 2021; in July 2021, first patient with the expanding indication bladder cancer was dosed with TLX250-CDx
     in Australia, while phase III clinical trials for clear cell renal cell carcinoma progressed smoothly, and 95% of patients were
     enrolled within the year; in December 2021, the Group cooperated with ITM to obtain the exclusive rights to develop,
     manufacture and commercialize three RDC products of TOCscan® , ITM-11 and ITM-41 in the Greater China region. TOCscan®
     have been approved for launching in Germany, Austria, and France , and ITM-11 and ITM-41 have entered phase III clinical
     trials and phase I clinical trials respectively overseas. The preparation work for introducing 9 products to China is progressing
     smoothly.

     In the field of tumor immunotherapy, TAVO™ of the Group, the first world’s first gene immunotherapy product, applies
     electroporation delivery system to inject DNA-based interleukin-12 (“IL-12”). IL-12 has immune stimulation to turn the
     immunologically cold tumors (non-responding) into hot tumors (responding). TAVO™ was granted Fast Track designation by
     the FDA in 2017 and as an orphan drug for the treatment of unresectable metastatic melanoma. Currently, a registration-
     enabled phase IIb clinical trial for the treatment of anti-PD-1 checkpoint resistant metastatic melanoma in form of
     combination with anti-PD-1 drug KEYTRUDA® (Generic name: pembrolizumab) is progressing smoothly and is expected to
     complete at the end of 2022. In April 2021, OncoSec received the CE mark certification from EU for its gene electrotransfer
     device GenPulse™; in July 2021, OncoSec entered into a collaboration agreement with Merck & Co., Inc. (known as MSD
     outside the United States and Canada) (NYSE: MRK) for a pivotal global phase III study of TAVO™ combined with KEYTRUDA®
     for late-stage metastatic melanoma. Clinical studies on indications such as TAVO™ against triple-negative breast cancer and
     squamous cell carcinoma is undergoing steadily.

     The Group also deployed tumor immunotherapy products on the mRNA platform. The Group’s mRNA platform AuroRNA
     Biotech has R&D and production platforms with advanced mRNA technology and LNP technology for tumor
     immunotherapy as well as research, development and production of mRNA vaccine for infectious disease. During the
     Reporting Period, AuroRNA Biotech has completed the construction of the mRNA R&D and production platform, which was
     officially put into use. AuroRNA Biotech has a global innovative mRNA product for HPV-positive head and neck cancer. By
     triggering an adoptive immune response in the body, it can be used in combination with existing tumor immune
     checkpoint inhibitor to effectively increase the response rate of patients with cancer and improve their clinical prognosis.
     The product is currently in the pre-clinical development stage.

     In order to strengthen further in-depth cultivation of the tumor immunity field, the Group also has a worldwide innovative
     Vesicular Stomatitis Oncolytic Virus product (VSV-GPM) REV-001 for the treatment of colorectal cancer. This product is the
     only oncolytic virus that does not insert exogenous genes, where the genetically modified virus enhances the selectivity of
     tumor cells, but is less toxic to normal cells. In addition, the virus genes will not be integrated into the human cell genomes
     and has no risk of genotoxicity with higher safety. REV-001 targets the RAS protein of refractory tumors. Refractory tumors
     with this target have high incidence rate, high malignancy and high fatality rate. Currently, there is no effective treatment
     method for the targeted refractory tumors. The product is currently in the pre-clinical development stage.




34
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Management Discussion
and Analysis

•   Severe Disease and Anti-infection

    For the severe disease and anti-infection field, based on the in-depth exploration of unsatisfied clinical needs, the Group has
    forward-looking layout in respect of sepsis, ARDS, COVID-19, viral infections, anaphylaxis and other diseases that pose a
    major threat to human health and currently has four global innovative drugs with new mechanisms of action in the research
    pipeline.

    The clinical progress of STC3141, a world-wide innovative drug for the treatment of sepsis, was rapid. The phase II clinical
    research, for the treatment of ARDS caused by COVID-19 infection and phase Ib clinical research for the treatment of sepsis
    were approved to commence in Australia in May 2020 and first patient was dosed in December 2020; approval from NMPA
    to commence the phase Ib clinical trial for treatment of ARDS patients was obtained in early March 2021, and the first
    patient was dosed in November 2021; from April to October 2021, the phase IIa clinical trial for treatment of severe COVID-19
    patients was approved in Belgium, Poland and the United Kingdom. Enrollment and dosing of all patients were completed
    in December 2021, and follow-up work for all patients was completed in January 2022. Preliminary data indicates good
    mortality and regression rates for patients with serious illness. At present, the project has obtained six clinical approvals for
    four indications of sepsis, ARDS, severe COVID-19, and ARDS caused by COVID-19 on three continents and in five countries
    namely China, Australia, Belgium, the United Kingdom and Poland, and clinical trials in several international centers are in
    full progress.

    APAD, another drug of the Group for the treatment of sepsis, has undergone compound screening and is in the pre-clinical
    development stage currently. APAD can antagonize a variety of pathogen-related molecules, and can treat sepsis caused by
    bacterial and viral infections. It is complementary to the STC3141 on antagonizing the excessive immune response of the
    body to treat sepsis, which brings along with synergy for the treatment of severe sepsis patients.

    A global innovative small molecule compound based on protein structure design with a clear mechanism of action is jointly
    developing by the Group and Griffith University in Australia, which is currently in the stage of compound screening.

    In the field of anaphylaxis, the Group has deployed a pre-filled adrenaline automatic injection pen, which is a one-off
    automatic syringe embedded with the sterile solution of adrenaline. By urgently injecting single-dose adrenaline to the
    outside of the leg muscle (muscle injection), the product can urgently treat sudden and life-threatening anaphylaxis caused
    by insect bites, food, drugs or exercise. At present, the product has been launched in Europe, Korea and Hong Kong, China,
    and the registration work in mainland China is actively progressing.




                                                                                                                                 35
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Management Discussion
and Analysis

•    Respiratory and ENT

     Respiratory and ENT are the traditional fields of strength of the Group. In order to further strengthen the innovation reserve
     in this field, consolidate its dominant position in the market and enhance its competitiveness, the Group has deployed four
     innovative drugs in this field.

     BRM421 is small molecule peptide eye drops for the treatment of dry eye disease that can accelerate the division and
     proliferation of limbal stem cells, and in turn stimulate the repair of ocular surface for curing the dry eye disease. According
     to the Phase II clinical study data completed in the United States, compared to the therapeutic products for dry eye disease
     that are currently available in overseas market and are expected to be launched in China in the coming years such as
     cyclosporine eye drops, the BRM421 product has high safety and low irritation, as well as the potential to quickly alleviate
     the symptoms of dry eye disease within two weeks. Currently, the product is under steady progress of registration in the
     PRC.

     The CBT-001 product for the treatment of pterygium, is an innovative and improvement from an existing drug, Nintedanib,
     which is used for the treatment of pulmonary fibrosis. It inhibits neovascularization and tissue fibrosis. Currently, phase II
     clinical trials have been completed in the United States with high safety and significant clinical efficacy, which can inhibit
     the growth of pterygium and control the aggravation of the disease. The global phase III clinical trial for CBT-001 will
     commence in 2022 and its registration work is undergoing steadily in the PRC.

     Ryaltris (GSP301) is a new type of glucocorticoid and antihistamine compound nasal spray for the treatment of seasonal
     allergic rhinitis. Currently, the product has been approved for launching in countries and regions such as Australia, South
     Korea, Russia and the European Union. Its launch application has been filed in the United States. For registration in China,
     phase III clinical trial for the treatment of allergic rhinitis and rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms in patients aged 12 years and
     above was approved in October 2021.

     APP13007, the exclusive development and commercialization rights of an improved new drug hormone nano-suspension
     eye drops for anti-inflammatory and pain relief after ophthalmology surgery, is a potent glucocorticoid developed by
     Formosa, Inc, which has efficient local anti-inflammatory and strong capillary contraction effect and uses a unique nano-
     preparation technique to eliminate the risk of low bioavailability and safety due to the low water solubility of hormones
     products. The completed phase II clinical trial in the United States has shown that the product has good effectiveness and
     safety at lower concentrations. Currently, the registration work in the PRC is underway.




36
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Management Discussion
and Analysis

R&D Center
The Group has made a global R&D layout with a positive and open attitude and has achieved phased results. In terms of drugs, the
Group has established four R&D technology platforms around the world: RDC technology platform, DNA R&D technology platform,
mRNA R&D technology platform and Glycomics R&D technology platform; established five R&D centers: Wuhan Optics Valley
International R&D Center, which is led by polypeptide histology and pharmaceutical platform, and provides technical support for
the R&D of the Group’s high-end preparations; and four overseas R&D centers: San Diego R&D Center-Immunotherapy (DNA
Technology) Antitumor, Boston R&D Center — Precision Interventional Antitumor, Belgium R&D Center — mRNA and Australia
R&D Center — Severe Disease and Anti-Infection, which are to carry out the early development of global innovative products and
undertake the overseas clinical research and promotion of innovative products.

For medical devices, the Group has set up overseas R&D platforms and production bases in North America and Europe to
continuously develop innovative products. The Group has established research and development and production bases for
passive products and active products in Changzhou, China and Wuhan Optics Valley, respectively. The research and development
and production bases in Changzhou have been put into use, and the research and development and production bases in Wuhan
Optics Valley are expected to be officially put into use in 2022, continuously consolidating the research and development and
production capacity in China.

R&D Team
As a technology-based innovative pharmaceutical enterprise, the Group has long been committed to building a high-end
innovative R&D talent system to promote the global development of innovative projects. At present, the Group, together with its
associates, has a total of 643 R&D personnel (including overseas R&D teams such as Sirtex and OncoSec), representing an increase
of 22% as compared with the same period of last year, of which 383 have master’s degree and doctoral degree holders, accounting
for nearly 60%, and more than 30 are internationally renowned scientists. All professional leaders and core team members of each
segment have academic background in clinical medicine or pharmacy, while some of whom also have overseas education or
working experience.

Development of Generic Drugs
During the period under review, Bimatoprost Eye Drops, Lafutidine Tablets, Tertiary Sulfate Injection and Tadalafil Tablets obtained
drug registration certificates issued by the NMPA, among which, Bimatoprost Eye Drops, Lafurt Tablets and Tertiary Sulfate
Injection were approved for marketing as first-to-market generic drugs.

Consistency Evaluation
During the period under review, indapamide tablets, metoprolol tartrate tablets, tirofiban hydrochloride and sodium chloride
injection, norepinephrine bitartrate injection, adrenaline hydrochloride injection, nimesulide tablets and bromhexine
hydrochloride injection were approved to pass the consistency evaluation. In particular, the first drug of norepinephrine bitartrate
injection and nimesulide tablets passed the consistency evaluation, and new applications were made for succinylcholine chloride
(anhydrous) injection, amiodarone hydrochloride injection, fluorouracil injection, Warfarin Sodium Tablets, Di Gao Xin injection,
QIMAITEhydrochloride injection, Zuo Xi Meng Dan injection, dobutamine hydrochloride injection and moxifloxacin hydrochloride
eye drops. At present, a total of 17 products of the Group have been approved or deemed to have passed the Consistency
Evaluation, and another 13 products are under review.




                                                                                                                                37
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Management Discussion
and Analysis

Intellectual Property Protection
During the period under review, the Group applied for 67 new patents, including 14 core patent applications and 97 new patents,
43 of which were invention patents, accounting for 44.3%. The Group has accumulated 480 valid patents, including 261 invention
patents and 219 utility model patents and design patents. Among them, the new PCT patent applications for relevant indications
of STC3141 project entered 13 countries and regions including the United States, Europe, China, Japan, Australia, etc.; 4 new core
patents and 2 PCT patent applications for innovative projects such as APAD, parainfluenza, BRM421, etc.; 45 patents were
independently developed or licensed from third parties in the high-end medical device segment, including 25 core patent
applications and 28 patents granted, covering China, the United States, Europe, Japan, South Korea and other markets; 12 new
patent applications were filed in the immuno-oncology segment (including controlled or invested enterprises); In the biological
segment, 13 new patent applications were filed, including 7 core patents and 1 PCT patent application. A total of 110 effective
patents were filed, including 70 invention patent applications and 12 PCT applications.

Commercialization capability
The Group’s performance continued to improve, and the continuous launch of innovative products and profit contribution cannot
be separated from the continuous improvement of commercialization capabilities. The Group currently has nearly 3,500 sales
personnel, more than 3,100 sales personnel in traditional advantageous areas, covering nearly 17,000 hospitals and approximately
260,000 pharmacies across the country; 110 sales personnel in the innovative medical device segment, covering nearly 700
hospitals; a total of 228 sales personnel in the nuclear medicine segment worldwide and associates are actively carrying out the
hospital admission and hospital coverage of SIR-Spheres®Y-90 microsphere injection.

Material investment, M&A and Cooperation
During 2021 and up to the date of this report, the Group continued to implement the development strategy of “self-development
+ global expansion”, further exploring high-quality innovative projects around the world to expand the Group’s product pipeline
and enhance the Group’s comprehensive strengths, and putting vigorous efforts in transformation towards innovation and
internationalization. As of the date of this report, the Group has carried out the following material investment, M&A and
cooperation:

•     Acquisition of East Ocean Medical

      In February 2021, the Group entered into a share purchase agreement with East Ocean Capital (Hong Kong) Limited,
      pursuant to which the Group acquired 752 shares of East Ocean Medical (Hong Kong) Limited (“East Ocean Medical”) at
      USD12 million. Upon completion of the share purchase agreement, East Ocean Medical became a wholly owned subsidiary
      of the Group. The principal assets of East Ocean Medical are the 20-year exclusive agency rights for products of Conavi
      Medical Inc., such as “Novasight Hybrid” series and “Foresight ICE” series in regions such as Mainland China, Hong Kong,
      Macau and Taiwan. The acquisition of East Ocean Medical is in line with the Group’s layout and planning of building a world-
      leading cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment platform, which is conducive to the Group’s
      integration of diagnosis and treatment in the field of precision intervention.




38
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Management Discussion
and Analysis

•   Acquisition of Shenming Medical and obtaining all development and commercialization rights of an innovative
    thermosensitive embolic agent

    In May 2021, the Group entered into an equity transfer agreement with Jiangsu Shenming Medical Technology Co., Ltd.
    (“Shenming Medical”), pursuant to which, the Group acquired 100% equity interest in Shenming Medical at a consideration
    of RMB 8.6 million upon satisfaction of the relevant conditions, and obtained all the development and commercialization
    rights of the temperature-sensitive embolic agent developed by Shenming Medical for the treatment of liver cancer and the
    subsequent development of gel products. The investment will further improve the Group’s layout in the field of tumor
    intervention.

•   Obtained exclusive commercialization rights for the new generation of innovative medical device HeartLight X3
    laser ablation platform

    In May 2021, the Group entered into a cooperation and exclusive product licensing agreement with Cardio Focus, Inc.
    (“Cardio Focus”) in the United States. With a milestone payment of not more than USD20 million and a certain percentage of
    sales commission, the Group introduced the exclusive commercialization rights and conditional core technology transfer
    rights of the new generation HeartLight X3 laser ablation platform product of Cardio Focus for HeartLight® Endoscopic
    Ablation System, an innovative medical device for treating atrial fibrillation, in mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau, as
    well as the priority cooperation rights of Cardio Focus for other products in the licensed territory. HeartLight X3 is another
    global innovative product introduced by the Group in the field of cerebro-cardiovascular precision intervention and is an
    important strategic plan of the Group in building a world-leading cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis
    and treatment platform.

•   Obtained exclusive development and commercialization rights of an improved new drug hormone nano-
    suspension eye drop for anti-inflammatory and analgesic after ophthalmology surgery

    In June 2021, the Group entered into an exclusive product licensing agreement with Formosa. The Group obtained the
    exclusive development and commercialization rights of APP13007 developed by TFDA in mainland China, Hong Kong and
    Macau for anti-inflammatory and analgesic after ophthalmology surgery, with milestone payments of up to USD9.5 million
    and certain percentage of sales commission. The cooperation with Formosa this time has not only introduced a product for
    the treatment of ocular inflammation in the ophthalmology sector, but also further enriched the product pipeline of high-
    barrier drugs in the ophthalmology sector, providing strategic reserves for the Group’s medium and long-term
    development.

•   Increase in shareholding in Sirtex Holdco

    In July 2021, Grand Decade Developments Limited (“Grand Decade”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, entered into
    an equity subscription agreement with Natixis (“Natixis”) and Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd. (“Sirtex HoldCo”), pursuant to
    which Grand Decade subscribed for 84,704,650 shares allotted by Sirtex HoldCo at a consideration of USD100,000,000. In
    August 2021, Natixis further entered into the Second Subscription Agreement with Sirtex HoldCo. Upon completion of both
    transactions, Grand Decade owns 49.15% shares of Sirtex HoldCo. Through these two subscriptions, Sirtex will be able to
    reduce its net liabilities and facilitate the full development of its business.




                                                                                                                              39
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Management Discussion
and Analysis

•    Acquisition of shares in Wuhan Grand Hoyo Company Limited

     In July 2021, the Group entered into an acquisition agreement with Wuhan Sanzhen Industry Holding Co., Ltd. to acquire
     10% equity interest in Wuhan Grand Hoyo Company Limited (“Grand Hoyo”) at an aggregate consideration of RMB
     51,980,000. The acquisition will enable the Group to increase its equity interest in Grand Hoyo and consolidate its control
     over the target company to become one of the most competitive amino acid manufacturers in the PRC.

•    Joint development of a global innovative intravascular shock wave calcification treatment system and
     establishment of overseas R&D platform in the field of cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional devices
     with FastWave

     In August 2021, the Group entered into a series of investment and strategic cooperation agreements with FastWave in the
     United States, pursuant to which the Group will acquire 100% equity interest in FastWave in stages for a total consideration
     of up to USD72 million, and will invest up to USD8 million to support and cooperate in the development of an innovative
     medical device for the treatment of moderate and severe arterial calcification, namely the endovascular seismic wave
     calcification treatment system. In addition, FastWave is expected to become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group in the
     field of cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional devices and an overseas high-end innovative medical device R&D
     platform upon satisfaction of relevant conditions.

•    Introduction of Jext® pre-filled epinephrine auto-injector from ALK

     In August 2021, the Group entered into an exclusive product license agreement with Denmark based ALK-Abelló A/S (“ALK”).
     The Group has obtained long-term exclusive commercialization rights of Jext® pre-filled epinephrine auto-injector
     developed by ALK for the treatment of anaphylaxis in mainland China, Macau and Taiwan for a total down-payment and
     milestone fees of EUR 12 million. Introduction of such product will fill the gap in the domestic market and achieve rapid
     treatment for patients with anaphylaxis.

•    Introduction of a world innovative system for the treatment of heart failure from CoRISMA

     In August 2021, the Group formed strategic partnership in respect of the equity interests and product with U.S. based
     CoRISMA MCS Systems, Inc (“CoRISMA”). The Group will acquire approximately 22.2% equity interests in CoRISMA at a
     consideration of USD12 million through different tranches. Subsequently, the Group will make further investment to obtain
     the exclusive development, manufacturing and commercialization rights of a series of CoRISMA’s products, the innovative
     medical device for the treatment of heart failure, in Greater China Region (including Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and
     Taiwan) and various countries and regions in Southeast Asia, and facilitate the launch of relevant products in Authorized
     Regions. CoRISMA, founded in 2018, is an innovative medical device company that incubated by the Bonde Artificial Heart
     Laboratory at Yale University, is focused on the development of global innovative medical devices for patients with severe
     heart failure. Certain equity interests of CoRISMA are held by the Yale University. The joint founder of CoRISMA, Professor
     Pramod Bonde, is a cardiac surgeon of Yale New Haven Hospital and is leading researcher in the field treatment of heart
     failure. The transaction will also enhance the cooperation between the Group and worldwide leading education institutions
     like Yale University.




40
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Management Discussion
and Analysis

•     Acquisition of 80% equity interest in Huachen Biotech for the development of glycine industry

      In October 2021, Hubei Grand Life Science & Technology Co., Ltd. (“Grand Life Science”) of the Group entered into an equity
      acquisition agreement with Hebei Huayang Biological Technology Co., Ltd. *, pursuant to which Grand Life Science will
      acquire 80% equity interest in Cangzhou Huachen BioTech Co., Ltd.* (滄州華晨生物科技有限公司, “Huachen BioTech”) at a
      consideration of RMB 107.2 million to establish a presence in the glycine industry chain and lay a foundation for the
      establishment of the Group’s leading position in the amino acid industry.

•     Introduction of Saturn, a global innovative mitral valve replacement medical device

      In November 2021, the Group entered into a strategic cooperation agreement on equity investment and product
      introduction with InnovHeart, pursuant to which the Group acquired approximately 17.8% equity interest in InnovHeart and
      the exclusive development, manufacturing and commercialization rights of Saturn, a global innovative medical device for
      mitral valve replacement, in Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan at a consideration of approximately EUR 43.8
      million. So far, the Group has achieved the comprehensive layout of innovative products in six directions in the field of
      cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment, successfully completed the development planning
      objectives set at the beginning of the year as scheduled, and became one of the companies with the widest product layout
      and the most comprehensive disease coverage in the field of cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and
      treatment.

•     License-in three ITM global innovative RDC drugs

      In December 2021, the Group entered into a product strategic cooperation with ITM, pursuant to which the Group will pay a
      licensing fee and milestone payment of not more than EUR 520 million to obtain TOCscan® (68Ga-Edotreotide) for the
      diagnosis of gastrointestinal pancreatic NET developed by ITM; (2) ITM-11 (n.c.a.177Lu-Edotreotide) for the treatment of
      gastrointestinal pancreatic NET; and (3) Exclusive rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize 3 global innovative RDC
      products in Greater China (Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan), including ITM-41 (n.c.a.177LuZoledronate) for the
      treatment of bone metastasis in malignant tumors.

Other than stated above, the Group did not have other material acquisition or disposal during the review period.




                                                                                                                              41
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Management Discussion
and Analysis

INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Group has been committing to improving its corporate governance to ensure the long-term development. During the year,
the Group published annual reports, annual results announcements, and other announcements and circulars on the websites of
the Company and the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited, and issued voluntary announcements, so as to disclose the
latest business developments of the Group to shareholders and investors.

At the same time, the Group actively maintains close communication with investors through various channels, including securities
company roadshows, large-scale telephone conferences, one-on-one meetings and other diversified communication methods, to
introduce the Group’s business situation, development progress and overseas member companies’ businesses to investors, and
simultaneously releases the latest business updates through different media channels, aiming to build an open, two-way,
transparent and sincere communication platform, so that investors can keep abreast of the Group’s business progress and
development prospects. During the year, the Group actively communicated with the capital market and investors through new
product presentations, results announcements and investor open days, and participated in a number of summits, forums, strategy
conferences and special roadshows held by large investment banks and securities companies, attracting 100 institutional investors
and analysts. Through communication with investors, the Group hopes to listen to more valuable opinions and extensively collect
feedback from investors by establishing an active and efficient information and communication mechanism, so as to further
enhance its corporate governance.

The Group’s investor relations management is conducive to establishing a high-quality corporate image and delivering the core
strategy of technological innovation. It has been highly recognized in the industry in multiple dimensions. In December 2021, it
was awarded the “2021 Listed Company with the Most Investment Potential in the New Economy” by the Financial Union, and in
January 2022, it was awarded the “Most Valuable Pharmaceutical and Medical Company” and the “Best IR Team” in the sixth
Golden Hong Kong Stocks Awards.

PROSPECTS
On 30 January 2022, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the National Development and Reform Commission, the
Ministry of Science and Technology and other nine departments jointly issued the “14th Five-Year” Pharmaceutical Industry
Development Plan (“14th Five-Year Plan”). The plan puts forward higher requirements for the pharmaceutical industry, and sets
out specific development requirements in terms of product innovation and industrial technology breakthrough, industrial chain
stability and competitiveness, supply guarantee capability, pharmaceutical manufacturing capability system and new international
competitiveness. Facing the changes in the industry, the Group seized the opportunities arising from the high-quality
development of the pharmaceutical industry. Driven by technological innovation, the Group continued to deploy global
innovative products and advanced technologies, continuously enriched and improved product pipelines, strengthened the layout
and construction of the industrial chain. In 2022, a few global innovative products like SIR-Spheres®Y-90 microspheres injection
will be launched in the China market, and the Group will put full effort in different core aspects, continuously contribute new
profit growing points and persistently consolidate its position as an industry leader in advantageous fields for building solid
foundation for the continuous growth of the Group.




42
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Management Discussion
and Analysis

Promote the construction of radiopharmaceuticals diagnosis and treatment platform and
accelerate the research and development of innovative drugs for severe diseases
In recent years, China’s radiopharmaceuticals market has developed rapidly, and the supporting policy and guidance have also
accelerated the development of China’s nuclear medicine. In 2021, the state issued the first framework document for nuclear
technology in the field of medical and health applications, namely the Medium and Long-term Development Plan for Medical
Isotope (2021-2035) (醫用同位素中長期發展規劃(2021–2035年)) and the Technical Guidelines for Non-clinical Research of
Radioactive In-vivo Diagnostic Drugs (放射性體內診斷藥物非臨床研究技術指導原則) and other regulatory policies, which are
of great significance to China’s strategy of improving the capability of medical isotope-related industries, promoting and
regulating the research and development of domestic radioactive in-vivo diagnostic drugs, and ensuring health. The Group closely
followed the policy direction, deeply deployed and built a radionuclide drug diagnosis and treatment platform, and connected
the industrial chain links such as the supervision, registration, R&D, raw materials, transportation, and admission to hospitals of
radionuclide drugs, laying a solid foundation for the implementation of the Group’s radionuclide drugs.

In early 2022, in the 14th Five-Year, new mechanism innovative drugs such as microsphere injections and drug-device
combinations are taken as the focus of future development in the future. SIR-Spheres®Y-90 microspheres injection, a blockbuster
product of the Group’s radionuclide drug diagnosis and treatment platform, was successfully launched in China in February 2022.
The launch of SIR-Spheres®Y-90 microspheres injection is in line with the policy direction and the development of the industry. At
the same time, the Group’s RDC drug will also usher in a new milestone. In the future, the Group will take SIR-Spheres®Y-90
microspheres injection as the core and RDC drugs as the R&D direction. Through cooperation with universities and excellent R&D
companies around the world, the Group will consolidate its R&D strength, promote the Group’s industrial chain layout in the field
of radionuclide drugs, and accelerate the construction of the Group’s radionuclide drugs diagnosis and treatment platform. The
Group will strive to provide patients with global leading anti-tumor solutions with multi-indication treatment options, multi-
means and integrated diagnosis and treatment.

STC3141, the global innovative drug in the field of severe diseases, is a small molecule drug self-developed by the Group with a
brand-new mechanism of action. The global clinical progress of the product is expected to be rapid. It is expected that the results
of the Phase IIa clinical trial of STC3141 in Europe for severe COVID-19 infection will be officially announced in the second quarter
of 2022, which will further provide strong data support for the subsequent global clinical advancement of STC3141. The clinical
milestone of STC3141 has proved the Group’s ability to develop self-developed products, and laid a solid foundation for the
Group’s subsequent internationalization. At the same time, the product is also expected to fill the gap in the field of sepsis, ARDS
and other severe diseases that have no effective treatment and drugs in the world, and provide more and better clinical solutions
for patients and doctors.




                                                                                                                                 43
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Management Discussion
and Analysis

Deploying world-class innovative medical device products and promoting the localization
of high-end medical devices
With the advancement of the new medical reform, China’s medical device industry is looking for certainty and prosperous
development opportunities amid crises and opportunities. In 2021, the medical device industry accelerated regulation, and unified
consumable codes, centralized procurement of consumables, and medical insurance payment by disease diagnosis-related groups
(DRG)/disease classification (DIP) and have a profound impact on the future regulation and operation of the industry, which
clarified the new development direction of the industry in the future. According to the 14th Five-Year Plan, innovative medical
devices such as high-end interventional implants, new medical imaging equipment and biomedical materials will be the focus of
future development. The Group has precisely identified the future development path during the industry reform, deployed
innovative technologies globally, continued to expand world-class innovative medical device products, and continuously
improved the Group’s comprehensive strength.

In 2021, the Group invested a total of over USD160 million in the field of cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis
and treatment, including a series of high-end interventional products such as HeartLight X3, a new generation of atrial fibrillation
treatment laser ablation platform, CoRISMA, a series of innovative devices for the treatment of heart failure, FastWave, an
endovascular seismic calcification treatment system for the treatment of arterial calcification and Saturn, a series of mitral valve
replacement products. The Group also established an overseas high-end innovative medical device R&D platform, and completed
a comprehensive layout in six directions, namely coronary intervention, peripheral intervention, neurointervention, structural heart
disease, electrophysiology and heart failure. The Group’s new medical imaging device, NOVASIGHT Hybrid, which incorporates
two imaging technologies, namely vascular ultrasound and optical coherence tomography, is expected to be approved and
launched in China in 2022, which will undoubtedly become a new profit growth point of the Group. In the future, the Group will
continue to deploy world-class high-end medical devices, promote the process of product launch in China and the construction
of localization, accelerate the industrialization of innovative medical devices, and create a high-end medical device platform in the
field of cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment that integrates research, production, supply and
sales.

Continue to promote high-quality development in traditional advantageous areas and
further build a new pattern of comprehensive advantages in the whole industry chain
The 14th Five-Year Plan will elevate the status of the pharmaceutical industry from an “important industry” to a “strategic industry”,
while the normalization of volume-based procurement will impose new requirements on pharmaceutical enterprises’
pharmaceutical manufacturing capabilities and supply guarantee capabilities. Therefore, the stability and competitiveness of the
industry chain are important factors for enterprises to survive in the traditional chemical drug field. APIs and chemical preparations
have always been the traditional advantageous areas of the Group. Many of the Group’s popular products have achieved the
integration of raw material preparations. The stable industrial chain advantages have provided the Group with strong
competitiveness in the field of traditional chemical drug. In the future, the Group will continue to develop high-end generic drug
preparations in a scientific manner, and at the same time further enhance the integration of raw materials and preparations of the
Group’s strategic varieties to create a comprehensive advantage in the entire industry chain, improve the company’s ability to
resist risks., and provide material support for the research and development of the Group’s innovative products.

Amino acid industry is another traditional advantage area of the Group. Through the acquisition of Huachen BioTech, the Group
has made an important step towards the diversification of amino acid strategy from the field of high-quality amino acid. In the
future, the Group will further integrate the resources of the amino acid industry to build the world’s best food-grade glycine
production base. While enriching the product cluster, the Group will further extend the amino acid industry chain, establish a
deep industrialization and large-scale layout in the upstream amino acid raw materials and downstream terminal health food and
pharmaceutical preparations fields, and deeply participate in the global high-end market competition, laying a foundation for the
establishment of the Group’s leading position in the amino acid industry.




44
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Management Discussion
and Analysis

Adhering to the clinical value-oriented approach and scientifically promoting the
development of the TCM segment
With the policy support for the TCM industry under the 14th Five-Year Plan, as well as various policy benefits such as the Guiding
Opinions on Supporting the Inheritance, Innovation and Development of TCM by Medical Insurance (《關於醫保支持中醫藥傳
承創新發展的指導意見》), Certain Policies and Measures on Accelerating the Featured Development of TCM (《關於加快中醫
藥特色發展的若干政策措施》), and the Opinions on Promoting the Inheritance Innovation and Development of TCM (《關於促
進中醫藥傳承創新發展的意見》) issued earlier, the determination of the country to focus on the development of TCM industry
is very clear, and the market demand for TCM is expected to be further released. The Group’s Xian Beilin Pharmaceutical Company
Limited (西安碑林藥業股份有限公司) has been deeply engaged in the Chinese medicine industry for more than 50 years. It
integrates the research and development, production and sales of Chinese medicine, and has multi-channel industry advantages
and brand market recognition. He Xue Ming Mu tablets and Jinsang series its exclusive products, have good clinical efficacy and
market reputation. In the future, the Group will continue to focus on clinical value. Based on the clinical needs of ophthalmology
and otorhinolaryngology departments in traditional advantageous fields, the Group will deepen the development of high-quality
Chinese medicine products based on clinical practices to meet the needs of patients. At the same time, the Group will actively
develop fields that have not yet met clinical needs, aiming to become a leading enterprise in the field of Chinese medicine.

Financial Resources and Liquidity
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had current assets of HK$6,778.59 million (31 December 2020: HK$5,318.96 million) and
current liabilities of HK$5,566.13 million (31 December 2020: HK$4,302.93 million). The current ratio was approximately 1.22 at 31
December 2021 as compared with approximately 1.24 at 31 December 2020.

The Group’s cash and bank balances as at 31 December 2021 amounted to HK$1,752.86 million (31 December 2020: HK$1,836.70
million), of which approximately 7.0% were denominated in Hong Kong Dollars, United States Dollars, Australian Dollars, Euro and
93.0% in Renminbi.

As at 31 December 2021, the Group had outstanding bank loans of approximately HK$2,849.29 million (31 December 2020:
HK$2,345.69 million) were granted by banks in the PRC and Hong Kong. All bank loans were denominated in RMB, USD and HK$.
The interest rates charged by banks ranged from 2.18% to 6.89% (31 December 2020: 2.60% to 6.89%) per annum, in which
approximately HK$226.0 million bank loans were charged at fixed interest rates. Certain bank loans were pledged by assets of the
Group with a net book value of approximately HK$284.35 million (31 December 2020: HK$86.22 million). The gearing ratio of the
Group, measured by bank borrowings as a percentage of shareholders’ equity, was approximately 21.3% as at 31 December 2020
while it was also approximately 20.9% as at 31 December 2020.

Since the Group’s principal activities are in the PRC and the financial resources available, including cash on hand and bank
borrowings, are mainly in Renminbi and Hong Kong Dollars, the exposure to foreign exchange fluctuation is relatively low.

The Group intends to principally finance its operations and investing activities with its operating revenue, internal resources and
bank facilities. The Directors believe that the Group has a healthy financial position and has sufficient resources to satisfy its capital
expenditure and working capital requirement. The Group adopted a conservative treasury policy with most of the bank deposits
being kept in Hong Kong dollars, or in the local currencies of the operating subsidiaries to minimize exposure to foreign exchange
risks. As at 31 December 2021, the Group has a cross currency swap contract to offset the currency exchange risk between HKD
and RMB in related to the interests payment of certain bank loans. Save as disclosed above, the Group did not have other foreign
exchange contracts, interest or currency swaps or other financial derivatives for hedging purposes.




                                                                                                                                      45
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Management Discussion
and Analysis

Updates on Significant Matters
With reference to the disclosure in the 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020 annual report of the Company, Tianjin Jingming New
Technology Development Co., Ltd. (the “Tianjin Jingming”), an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is
undertaking certain litigations related to a product quality incident, and it is also claiming the original shareholders of the Tianjin
Jingming for the indemnification of those possible loss suffered by the Company. Up to 31 December 2021, the court has
concluded 56 cases, and 2 cases is under processes in the people’s court with aggregate compensation of approximately RMB1.69
million. Among the final and effective judgements, Tianjin Jingming has paid the compensation and the related legal charges of
approximately RMB30.96 million in according to the court order. The other related litigations of the product quality incident have
not yet been concluded. Given that (1) such product is not the core product of the Group, and (2) according to the terms of the
agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming should be responsible for the
compensation of such product incident until 30 June 2015, and Grand Pharm (China) had claimed the original shareholders of the
Tianjin Jingming for the indemnification of those possible loss suffered. According to the final judgment by the court, the original
shareholders of Tianjin Jingming should compensate to us approximately RMB8.09 million as the existing compensate and
liquidated damages at the point of raising litigation. As the execution of the enforcement order from the people’s court, Grand
Pharm (China) has got properties and cash at approximately RMB6.60 million in aggregate from the original shareholders of the
Tianjin Jingming, and the outstanding amount is still under enforcement processes. Also Grand Pharm (China) has raised second
litigation claiming the original shareholders of the Tianjin Jingming for the losses of approximately RMB19.0 million from the
indemnification made before 7 March 2021 related to such product quality incident made by Tianjin Jingming, and as at 31
December 2021 it is under second trial at the people’s court. Hence, the Directors are of the view that the said incident and the
related litigations do not have material impact to the Group.

According to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the vendors have undertaken to the Group that
the net profit after tax (the “Actual Profit”) from domestic sales (only include the net profit generated from domestic sales and shall
not include the profit generated from the sales of irrigating solutions (灌注液)) of Tianjin Jingming for the period commencing on
1 January 2015 and ending on 30 June 2015 shall not be less than RMB5 million (the “Performance Guarantee”). If the above
Performance Guarantee cannot be met, the Group can claim for a refund of part of the consideration in according to the formula
set out in the announcement of the Company dated 22 December 2014. The Group raised a litigation against those vendors in
related to the said Performance Guarantee, and after the first trial, second trial and retrial from the court, the court granted the
final judgement in December 2020. It was concluded that the Group can get back the RMB10 million share transfer consideration
deposited in the bank account jointly controlled by the Group and the vendors. The vendors should also additionally refund
approximately RMB11.2 million share transfer consideration to the Group in according to the terms of the agreement for the
acquisition of Tianjin Jingming. As at the date of this report, an enforcement order application was submitted and has been
accepted by the people’s court. The Group has followed the judgement from the court and get back the RMB10 million deposited
in the bank account jointly controlled by the Group and the vendors.

PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
The Group’s financial condition, results of operations, and business prospects may be affected directly or indirectly, by a number
of risks and uncertainties pertaining to the Group’s businesses. To the best of knowledge and belief, the Directors consider that
the following are the key risks and uncertainties identified by the Group as at the date of this report.

Market Risks
Market risk is the risk that deteriorates profitability or affects ability to meet business objectives arising from the movement in
market prices, being foreign exchange rates and interest rates. The management of the Group manages and monitors these
exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.




46
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Management Discussion
and Analysis

Foreign Exchange Rates Risk
The Group mainly operates in the PRC with most of the transactions settled in Renminbi. During the year ended 31 December
2021, save as disclosed above, the Group did not carry out other hedging activity against foreign currency risk. Any substantial
exchange rate fluctuation of foreign currencies against Renminbi may have a financial impact on the Group.

Interest Rate Risk
For interest-sensitive products and investments, the Group analyses its interest rate exposure on a dynamic basis and considers
managing the risk in a cost-effective manner when appropriate, through variety of means.

Liquidity Risk
Liquidity risk is the potential that the Group will be unable to meet its obligations when they fall due because of an inability to
obtain adequate funding or liquidate assets. In managing liquidity risk, the Group monitors cash flows and maintains an adequate
level of cash and cash equivalent to ensure the ability to finance the Group’s operations and reduce the effects of fluctuation in
cash flows.

Operational Risk
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external
events. Responsibility for managing operational risks basically rests with every function at divisional and departmental levels. Key
functions in the Group are guided by their standard operating procedures, limits of authority and reporting framework. The
management will identify and assess key operational exposures regularly so that appropriate risk response can be taken.

Investment Risk
Investment risk can be defined as the likelihood of occurrence of losses relative to the expected return on any particular
investment. Key concern of investment framework will be balancing risk and return across different investments, and thus risk
assessment is a core aspect of the investment decision process. Proper authorisation system has been set up and detailed analysis
will be made before approving investments. Regular updates on the progress of the investments of the Group would be
submitted to the Board.

Economic Environment
Most of the Group’s facilities, operations and its revenue are located in and derived from Mainland China and Hong Kong, the PRC.
The Group’s results of operations and financial condition therefore depend on the economies of Mainland China and Hong Kong,
the PRC. The economy of Hong Kong is significantly affected by the developments in the Mainland China and the Asia-Pacific
region. Mainland China’s economy may experience negative economic developments, and other regional economies may also
deteriorate.

The Group also has significant business across the PRC and part of its growth strategy is to expand into new regions. These regions
have also been adversely affected by the global economic slowdown and any continued slowdown may have an adverse effect on
the Group’s existing operations in, and planned expansion into, these regions.




                                                                                                                                47
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Management Discussion
and Analysis

Environmental Policies
The Group is committed to contributing to the sustainability of the environment and is committed to building an
environmentally-friendly corporation that pays close attention to conserving natural resources. The Group strives to minimize its
environmental impact by reducing water consumption and encouraging recycle of office supplies and other materials.

Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations
Save as disclosed above, during the year ended 31 December 2021, as far as the Company is aware, there was no material breach
of or non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations by the Group that have a significant impact on the business and
operations of the Group.

Key Relationships
(i)     Employees

        Human resources are one of the greatest assets of the Group and the Group regards the personal development of its
        employees as highly important. The Group aims to continue to be an attractive employer for committed employees. The
        Group strives to motivate its employees with a clear career path and opportunities for advancement and improvement of
        their skills.

(ii)    Suppliers

        The Group has developed long-standing relationships with a number of suppliers and take a great care to ensure that they
        share its commitment to quality and ethics. The Group cautiously selects its suppliers and requires them to satisfy certain
        assessment criteria including experience, reputation and quality control effectiveness.

(iii)   Customers

        The Group is committed to offer quality products to its customers and keep them informed its latest business
        developments.

EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY
As at 31 December 2021, the Group employed about 10,029 staff and workers in the PRC and overseas (31 December 2020: about
8,722). The Group remunerates its employees based on their performance and experience and their remuneration package will be
reviewed periodically by the management. Other employee benefits include medical insurance, retirement scheme, appropriate
training program and share option scheme.

Issue of new shares and use of proceeds
On 1 August 2020, the Company entered into a placing agreement with China International Capital Corporation Hong Kong
Securities Limited (“Placing Agent”), pursuant to which the Placing Agent has conditionally agreed to act as agent for the
Company, to place, or procure the placing of, on a best effort basis, up to a total of 172,000,000 new shares at the placing price of
HK$5.90 per placing share to not less than six placees. The closing price was HK$7.34 per share on 31 July 2020 (being the last
trading day of the shares immediately preceding the date of signing of the placing agreement. On 10 August 2020, the Company
completed the allotment and issuance of 172,000,000 ordinary shares with a nominal value of HK$1,720,000. After deducting the
placing commission and the related fees and expenses, the aggregate net proceeds were approximately HK$1,013.60 million,
represents the net price per placing share is approximately HK$5.89, and are expected to in the research and development
projects (including but not limited to its existing and future domestic and overseas projects on research and development of
pharmaceutical products), expansion of our research team and investment in technology. For the year ended 31 December 2020,
there were approximately HK$613.11 million out of the proceeds applied to the usage stated above, and the remaining proceeds
were fully utilized in 2021 for the usage stated above.


48
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Management Discussion
and Analysis

CONTRACTUAL AND CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
As at 31 December 2021, the Group as lessor had operating lease commitments of HK$0.21 million (2020: HK$0.12 million).

As at 31 December 2021, the Group had capital commitments of HK$180.32 million (2020: HK$108.70 million).

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENT
There was no other significant investment during the year.

EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
Save as disclosed above, no subsequent events occurred after 31 December 2021 which may have a significant effect, on the
assets and liabilities of future operations of the Group.

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
As at 31 December 2021, the Directors were not aware of any material contingent liabilities.

APPRECIATION
On behalf of the board of Directors (the “Board”), I would like to express my gratitude to our management and staff for their
dedication and contribution to the Group, and our shareholders and business associates for their continued support throughout
the year.




Dr. Tang Wei Kun
Chairman

Hong Kong, 17 March 2022




                                                                                                                          49
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Corporate
Governance Report

The Company has complied with all the applicable code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (the “Code Provisions”) as
set out in Appendix 14 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on the Stock Exchange during the year
ended 31 December 2021:

DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out
in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct for securities transactions by Directors. Having made specific
enquiries of all Directors, the Directors have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code during the year ended
31 December 2021.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board is responsible for formulating and reviewing business strategies and directions, overseeing the management and
monitoring the performance of the Group. While the management is delegated by the Board to execute these business strategies
and directions and is responsible for the daily operations of the Group.

Currently, the Board comprises 4 executive Directors — Dr. Tang Weikun, Dr. Shao Yan, Dr. Niu Zhanqi and Dr. Shi Lin and 3
independent non-executive Directors — Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie, Mr. Hu Yebi and Dr. Pei Geng. Dr. Tang Weikun is the Chairman
and Mr. Zhou Chao is the Chief Executive Officer. There is no relationship among members of the Board.

The roles of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer are clearly defined and segregated to ensure independence and proper
checks and balances. Dr. Tang, as Chairman of the Board, with his strategic vision, provides leadership to the Board and gives
direction in the development of the Group, which is of added benefit to the check and balance mechanism of the Group. Mr.
Zhou, as the Chief Executive Officer, focuses on the day-to-day management of the Group’s business, and leads the management
team of the Group.

The Board believes that the balance between executive and non-executive Directors is reasonable and adequate to provide check
and balance that safeguard the interests of shareholders and the Group.

The Company has received annual confirmation of independence from all independent non-executive Directors in accordance
with Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers that all independent non-executive Directors are independent and
meet the independent guidelines set out in the Listing Rules.

All Directors are appointed for a term of one year and are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at the general meetings
in accordance with the Company’s Bye-Laws.

BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY
The Company has implemented a board diversity policy with the aim to set out the approach to achieve diversity in the Board.
The Company sees increasing diversity at Board level as essential to supporting attainment of its strategic objectives and to
achieve sustainable and balanced development. In designing the Board’s composition, Board diversity has been considered from a
number of perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional
experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be
considered against objective criteria, having due regard to the benefits of board diversity. The Board should have a balance of skills
and experience and a diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business.

The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board to enhance the quality of its performance. Currently
the Board comprises 5 male and 2 female.




50
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Corporate
Governance Report

TRAINING, INDUCTION AND CONTINUING DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS
Up to 31 December 2021, the Directors complied with the paragraph A.6.5 of the Code Provision on participation in continuous
professional training as follows:

                                                                                                        Mode of participation
                                                                                                               a                              b


Dr. Tang Weikun (appointed on 1 June 2021)
Dr. Shao Yan
Dr. Niu Zhanqi
Dr. Shi Lin (appointed on 1 June 2021)
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie
Mr. Hu Yebi
Dr. Pei Geng
Mr. Liu Chengwei (retired on 1 June 2021)
Mr. Hu Bo (retired on 1 June 2021)

a:   Directors received regular briefings and updates from the Company Secretary/the Company’s management on the Group’s business, operations and
     corporate governance matters.

b:   Directors read technical bulletins, periodicals and other publications on subjects relevant to the Group and/or on their responsibilities and
     obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant regulatory requirements.


AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Company has established an audit committee with written terms of reference for the purpose of monitoring the integrity of
the financial statements and overseeing the financial reporting process and the internal control system of the Group. The audit
committee is also responsible for the appointment of external auditors and assessment of their qualifications, independence and
performance.

Currently, the audit committee consists of three independent non-executive Directors namely, Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie
(Chairwoman), Mr. Hu Yebi and Dr. Pei Geng. Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie has appropriate professional qualifications as required by
3.10(2) of the Listing Rules.

The audit committee held two meetings during the year ended 31 December 2021 and reviewed the accounting principles and
practices adopted by the Group and discussed financial reporting matters including a review of the interim and annual financial
statements. The audit committee also met with the external auditors to discuss auditing, internal control, statutory compliance
and financial reporting matters before recommending the financial statements to the Board for approval. There was no
disagreement between management and the external auditors with regard to the interim and annual financial statements.

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The Company has established a remuneration committee with written terms of reference. Currently, the remuneration committee
is chaired by Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie with an executive Director Dr. Tang Weikun and an independent non-executive Director Mr.
Hu Yebi as members.




                                                                                                                                               51
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Corporate
Governance Report

The remuneration committee is responsible for making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for
the remuneration of all Directors and senior management and reviewing specific remuneration package of all Directors and senior
management including any compensation payable for loss or termination of their office and appointment. The remuneration
should reflect the performance, complexity of duties and responsibility of the individual. The remuneration committee met once
during the year to review the remuneration policy for all Directors and senior management.

The remuneration of Directors and senior management comprises salary, pensions and discretionary bonus. Details of the
Directors’ emoluments for the year ended 31 December 2021 are set out in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.

NOMINATION COMMITTEE
The Company has established a nomination committee with written terms of reference. Currently, the nomination committee is
chaired by Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie with an executive Director Dr. Shao Yan and an independent non- executive Director Mr. Hu
Yebi as members.

The nomination committee is responsible for assisting the Board in the overall management of the nomination practices of the
Company to ensure that effective policies, processes and practices are implemented in respect of the appointment and removal
of Directors. The nomination committee considers the past performance, qualification, general market conditions and the
Company’s Bye-laws in seeking and recommending candidates for directorship.

The nomination committee held a meeting in 2021 to review the structure, size and composition of the Board, assess the
independence of the independent non-executive Directors and other related matters of the Company.

ATTENDANCE RECORD AT MEETINGS
The attendance records of each Director at the various meetings of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2021 are
set out as below:

                                                                   Meetings Attended/Held
                                       Annual          Special
                                      General         General                          Audit Remuneration        Nomination
Directors                             Meeting         Meeting           Board      Committee   Committee          Committee


Dr. Tang Weikun                             0/0            1/1           24/24            N/A             0/0             N/A
  (appointed on 1 June 2021)
Dr. Shao Yan                                1/1            1/1           38/38            N/A             N/A             1/1
Dr. Niu Zhanqi                              1/1            1/1           38/38            N/A             N/A             N/A
Dr. Shi Lin                                 0/0            1/1           24/24            N/A             N/A             N/A
  (appointed on 1 June 2021)
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie                     1/1            1/1           38/38            2/2             1/1             1/1
Mr. Hu Yebi                                 1/1            1/1           38/38            2/2             1/1             1/1
Dr. Pei Geng                                1/1            1/1           38/38            2/2             N/A             N/A
Mr. Liu Chengwei                            1/1            0/0           14/14            N/A             1/1             N/A
  (retired on 1 June 2021)
Mr. Hu Bo (retired on 1 June 2021)          1/1            0/0           14/14            N/A             N/A             N/A




52
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Corporate
Governance Report

AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
During the year, the auditors performed the work of statutory audit for the year of 2021. Audit fees for the year under review
payable/paid to the auditors of the Company, HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited, amounted to HK$3,400,000.

FINANCIAL REPORTING
The Board has overall responsibility for preparing the accounts of the Group. In preparing the accounts, the generally accepted
accounting policies in Hong Kong have been adopted and the Group has complied with accounting standards issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Appropriate accounting policies have also been applied consistently. The Directors
are not aware of any other material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast doubt upon the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board acknowledges that it has overall responsibility for the Group’s risk management and internal control systems and for
reviewing their effectiveness. The Company has an internal audit team which carries out the analysis and independent appraisal of
the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems and reports to the Board. The
Board also ensures that the review of the effectiveness of these systems has been conducted annually. Several areas have been
considered during the Board’s review, which include but not limited to (i) the changes in the nature and extent of significant risks
since the last annual review, and the Group’s ability to respond to changes in its business and the external environment (ii) the
scope and quality of management’s ongoing monitoring of risks and of the internal control systems.

During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Board has conducted its regular and annual review of the effectiveness of our risk
management and internal control systems, in particular, the operational and financial reports, compliance control and risk
management reports, budgets and business plans provided by the management. The audit committee of the Company also
performs regular review of the Group’s performance, risk management and internal control systems and discusses with the Board,
in order to ensure effective measures are in place to protect material assets and identify business risks of the Group. Such review in
the year ended 31 December 2021 did not reveal any major issues and the Board considers our risk management and internal
control systems effective and adequate. The Group’s review procedures involved in the risk management and internal control
mainly included:

(1)   A list of risks was created after the scope of risks was determined and risks were identified.

(2)   The impacts brought by possible financial losses due to risks on operating efficiency, continuous development, and
      reputation were assessed with reference to possible occurrence of various potential risks and the attention drawn from the
      management of the Group, based on which the priority of the risks was determined.

(3)   Our risk management measures with respect to material risks were identified, internal control over the design and
      implementation of risk management measures were assessed, and measures to improve the weaknesses were formulated.

(4)   By assessing internal controls and management’s implementation of rectification measures with respect to material risks,
      the Group regularly reviewed and summarized the risk management and internal control systems to realize the efficient
      operation and constant improvement of risk management.

(5)   The risk management handbook was formulated to address risk management and internal control, pursuant to which, the
      terms of reference of the management, the Board, and the Audit Committee with respect to their risk management work
      were clearly determined, and risk management and internal control systems were monitored on an ongoing basis.




                                                                                                                                  53
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Corporate
Governance Report

(6)   The management submitted reports to the Audit Committee on regular reviews and assessment results with respect to risk
      management and internal control systems, material risk factors, and the relevant countermeasures.

In order to enhance the Group’s system of handling inside information, and to ensure the truthfulness, accuracy, completeness
and timeliness of its public disclosures, the Group also adopts and implements an inside information policy and procedures.
Certain reasonable measures have been taken from time to time to ensure that proper safeguards exist to prevent a breach of a
disclosure requirement in relation to the Group, which include:

(1)   The access of information is restricted to a limited number of employees on a need-to-know basis. Employees who are in
      possession of inside information are fully conversant with their obligations to preserve confidentiality.

(2)   Confidentiality agreements or confidentiality clauses are in place when the Group enters into significant negotiations.

(3)   The executive Directors are designated persons who speak on behalf of the Company when communicating with external
      parties such as the media, analysts or investors.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS
The Board has adopted the terms of reference on corporate governance functions. The terms of reference of the Board in respect
of corporate governance function are summarised as follows:

•     to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;

•     to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management;

•     to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices to ensure compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;

•     to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and Directors;
      and

•     to review the Company’s compliance with the Code Provisions and its disclosure requirements in the Corporate Governance
      Report.

The work performed by the Board on corporate governance functions during the year ended 31 December 2021 included
developing and reviewing the Company’s policies on corporate governance and review the Company’s compliance with the Code
Provisions.

COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS
The Company establishes different communication channels with shareholders and investors. Printed copies of the annual and
interim reports and circulars are sent to shareholders. Shareholders are encouraged to attend general meetings of the Company
which allows the Directors to meet and communicate with them.




54
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Corporate
Governance Report

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company
carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the
Board or the secretary of the company, to require a special general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any
business specified in such requisition.

Any number of shareholders representing not less than one-twentieth of the total voting rights of all the shareholders of the
Company or not less than 100 shareholders can put forward any proposed resolution or the business to be dealt with at general
meetings of the Company by depositing a requisition in writing at the principal office of the Company. The requisition must be
signed by the relevant shareholder(s).

Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns to the Board in writing through the company secretary of the
Company whose contact details are as follows:

Unit 3302, The Center,
99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong
Email: victor.foo@grandpharm.com

Shareholders may also make enquiries with the Board at the general meetings of the Company.

CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
In 2012, the Company adopted certain amendments on the Bye-laws of the Company in order to bring the Bye-laws in line with (i)
current amendments made to the Listing Rules came into effect on 1 January 2012 and 1 April 2012; and (ii) amendments of the
Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda pursuant to the Companies Amendment (No. 2) Act 2011 in Bermuda which became operative
on 18 December 2011. The amended Bye-laws of the Company is available on the websites of the Company and the Stock
Exchange.




                                                                                                                            55
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Environment, Social and
Governance Report

This report is prepared by the Company in accordance with the Environment, Social and Governance Reporting Guidelines as set
out in Appendix 27 of the Listing Rules. This report covers entities with substantial effect to the financial and actual operational
process, mainly being the companies and production plants located in Wuhan City, Hubei Province, the PRC. Save as otherwise
indicated, the data and contents in this report are all in relation to the period from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021.

THE BOARD’S ESG COMMITMENT
The Board has overall responsibility for the Group’s ESG strategy and reporting. The Board is committed to determining the most
effective way to integrate ESG considerations into its structure and committees. The Group also evaluates and monitors ESG-
related risks and ensures these risks are thoroughly considered in the process of decision making and embedded into the
management of risk and opportunities across the Group.

The Group strives to achieve a high level of public transparency by regularly engaging stakeholders and disclosing information in
a timely and accurate manner. The Group maintains regular exchanges and dialogues with peers, investors and other stakeholders
to share the updates of ESG-related risks and regulatory requirements etc. The Group also tracks existing and emerging regulations
to ensure that its ESG policies, processes and disclosures meet expectations.

Legal compliance is an essential pillar for sound corporate governance and underpins sustainable operations. The Group
confirmed that it has established appropriate and effective management policies and internal control systems for ESG issues
during the Reporting Period, and confirmed that the disclosed contents are in compliance with the requirements of the ESG
Reporting Guide.

THE GROUP’S ESG APPROACH
The Board and senior management of the Group are involved in the materiality assessment in identifying material ESG issues that
impact the Group’s business operation. The management of the Group actively participates in the optimisation of existing
operation plans, fully supports various resources and strives to integrate ESG matters into the daily operation and management of
the enterprise.

The Group has a vision for its operation practices and the provision of quality products and excellent services. The Group not only
abides by strict standards and requirements to ensure the highest quality of its products, but also sticks to develop innovative
products to meet the global healthcare demand and improve the quality of life. The Group is committed to becoming a pioneer in
core technology, increasing investment in research and development, recruiting talents around the world, maintaining innovation
in various business areas, complying with relevant rules and regulations, and continuously improving the quality management
system, so as to achieve stable product quality to meet customer requirements.

The Group is well aware that the development, promotion and sale of pharmaceutical products are related to public health.
Therefore, the Group’s will put the products safety and service quality, including the development, production, testing and after-
sales of products, in an important position when setting ESG management objectives. At the same time, the Group will focus on
more safe, more effective or more cost-effective innovative drugs to meet the actual needs of patients and maximise social
benefits taking into account the unmet medical demands of the international pharmaceutical market. The Group will consider the
effect of operational activities on the environment in order to build a green, harmonious and sustainable society with all
stakeholders.




56
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Environment, Social and
Governance Report

COMMUNICATIONS WITH STAKEHOLDERS
Key stakeholders of the Group include shareholders and investors, government and regulatory authorities, customers, suppliers,
employees and communities. The Group strives to communicate with the stakeholders from time to time to understand their
opinions and expectations, and assist the Group to continuously improve and enhance the comprehensive management ability
and level of the enterprise through effective and diversified communication channels so as to satisfy the needs of the stakeholders.
The Group has identified the stakeholders as follows:


Stakeholders                  Shared objectives                                    Communication and feedback channels


Shareholders and              — Steady growth in return on investments             — General meetings
  investors                   — Asset preservation and appreciation                — Annual report and announcement
                              — Explore new markets and opportunities              — Investor meetings
                              — Prevent operational risks                          — Press release
                              — Safeguard information rights

Government and                — Strict compliance with relevant laws and           — Email and telephone communication
  regulatory authorities        regulations                                        — Tax payment
                              — Safe production                                    — Implementation of national policies
                              — Pay tax in accordance with law

Customers                     — Provide premium products                           — Corporate website
                              — Product safety                                     — Technical training and seminar
                              — Provide sustainable innovative products            — Product release conference
                              — Create win-win situation                           — On-site visit
                              — Offer refined customer service and
                                communication channels

Suppliers                     — Product safety                                     — Evaluation on suppliers
                              — Fair and open procurement                          — On-site inspection
                              — Win-win cooperation                                — Daily communication

Employees                     — Protect employees’ benefits and rights             — Staff training
                              — Promote occupational health and safety             — Staff care activities
                              — Provide equal employment opportunities             — Staff interview
                              — Build a platform for growth and diversified        — Internal email
                                development
                              — Work-life balance

Community                     — Facilitate employment                              — Provide employment opportunities
                              — Enhance local economic development                 — Promote local economic development
                              — Strengthen environmental protection and            — Improve infrastructure in locality
                                reduce pollution on environment                    — Poverty alleviation
                                                                                   — Voluntary services




                                                                                                                                57
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Environment, Social and
Governance Report

ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY AND PERFORMANCE
Environmental protection responsibility is a must to an enterprise, which shall ensure the sustainability of the environment and
resources through committed efforts during its management and operation process. In this connection, the Group aimed to
develop its environmental management system and improve environment-related policies, adopt long-effective environmental
management and supervisory means, adhere to the corporate environmental protection principles of placing environmental
friendliness as the first priority, taking precaution as the main measure, adopting comprehensive rectification and management
and implementing energy-saving and emission reduction in the production process in order to practically assume our corporate
social responsibility and achieve the best environmental performance.

The Group strictly abides by and pays close attention to the laws and regulations of the PRC government on energy conservation
and environmental protection, such as the Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Water Pollution
Prevention and Control Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Atmospheric Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the Law
of the People’s Republic of China, the Solid Waste Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Soil
Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Emission Standard of Air Pollutants for Pharmaceutical
Industry, and we also strictly comply with the relevant pollutant emission standards, such as the Emission Standard of Air
Pollutants for Pharmaceutical Industry, the Emission Standard of Air Pollutants for Boiler, the Standard for Pollutant on the Storage
and Disposal Site for General Industrial Solid Wastes. We concern about the impact of global climate change on the Group’s
business and the environment, explore green development methods in depth, improve organizational management and target
assessment, and insist on giving priority to environmental protection, prevention, comprehensive management, energy saving
and emission reduction in the production process as the corporate environmental protection policy, fulfill corporate social
responsibility, establish a green corporate image, and build a green and responsible brand.

During the year, the Group was not aware of any major incidents relating to environmental protection and was not punished by
competent environmental protection department. The Group continued to strengthen the control of the source of pollutants,
optimised the process of end treatment and reduced pollutant emissions of the enterprise. The Group increased its investment to
constantly improve, renovate and upgrade the enterprise protection equipment pursuant to new standards and requirements on
safety and environmental protection to ensure wastewater, waste gas and waste discharge are up to standard.




58
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Environment, Social and
Governance Report

(1)   Emission
      To advance our governance on environmental protection, the Group has established a safety and environmental protection
      management organisation, industrial park and members. For coping with various potential environmental incidents more
      effectively, each member has developed its respective emergency proposal and on-site handling plan for unexpected
      environmental incidents with necessary emergency supplies equipped, and conducted regular emergency drills to ensure
      ordered emergency work.

      The Group has established a systematic inspection system for the operation of environmental protection facilities. The
      Group delegates professionals to conduct on-site inspection on the operation of environmental protection facilities of the
      members every half year, so as to ensure the stable operation of environmental protection facilities of the members and
      meet the emission standards.

      —     Waste gas emission management

            The Group adopts exhaust gas absorption, dust removal and filtration and other methods for emission management
            of exhaust gas generated by operations in production and operation sites. All workshops and laboratories turn on the
            exhaust fans or dust collectors during operations with harmful gases and components, and the adsorbent and
            screening filters used in the exhaust devices or dust collectors are regularly replaced. For volatile chemical reagents
            and materials, sealing measures are taken to reduce the air pollution caused by the volatilization of reagents and
            materials. For the use or generation of volatile organic compounds, the reaction process is carried out in a closed
            reactor and the gas is exported to the exhaust gas treatment facility to reduce the air pollution caused by the storage
            of materials and the reaction process.

            The Group adopts acid and alkali absorption, dust removal and filtration, activated carbon adsorption, photocatalytic
            oxidation and other methods for exhaust gas treatment in the production and operation process. The exhaust gas
            treatment facilities must be turned on when the production facilities are in operation, and the absorption fluid,
            adsorbent and screening filter of the exhaust gas treatment facilities are replaced regularly to ensure the effective
            operation of the exhaust gas treatment facilities. In addition, the Group strictly implements exhaust gas management,
            and arranges special personnel for operation and maintenance of each exhaust gas treatment facility and requires
            enterprises producing exhaust gas pollutants to engage third-party agencies to conduct pollutant testing, and strictly
            control the discharge of exhaust gas pollutants in compliance with standards.

      —     Wastewater discharge management

            All members of the Group strictly implement the Water Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People’s Republic
            of China and establish a supervision and inspection mechanism for sewage treatment operation to ensure that the
            sewage of each member meets the discharge standard. The Group requires all members to conduct source control,
            classified collection and quality control of sewage. For the production wastewater, domestic sewage, tail water from
            fire services, initial rainwater, etc. with no value for use, each member implements the principles of clean water and
            sewage diversion and quality-based separation treatment, whereby sewage of different concentrations must be
            discharged to the sewage treatment station via different pipelines. The sewage outlets of key members are equipped
            with online testing equipment in respect of ammonia nitrogen, total nitrogen and total phosphorus, and jointly test
            the pollutant discharge with relevant government departments.

            At the same time, the Group adopts concrete pouring for anti-corrosion for each sewage pool and septic tank, and
            sets up cofferdam in the acid and alkali raw material storage area, and carries out anti-corrosion work in cofferdam as
            required to ensure that the underground water body is not contaminated.




                                                                                                                               59
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Environment, Social and
Governance Report

           The Group has introduced environmental protection professionals, set up internal and external expert teams to
           monitor the operation of sewage treatment facilities of key members throughout the entire process. In case there is
           any change for the operation parameters of sewage treatment facilities of members, the Group will assist the
           members to adjust the operation parameters of the facilities in a timely manner to ensure the stable and effective
           operation of sewage treatment facilities.

     —     Solid waste discharge management

           Each member of the Group has established a system of responsibility for prevention and control of solid waste from
           generation, collection, storage, transportation to disposal and utilization. For hazardous waste, we actively optimize
           the production process, increase the frequency of recycling of solvents and activated carbon to reduce the generation
           of hazardous waste on the premise of satisfying the process requirements. For those that cannot be recycled, each
           member has built a standard temporary storage of hazardous waste, and has met the three prevention standards of
           anti-leakage, anti-loss and anti- proliferation. The hazardous waste generated is collected and temporarily stored, and
           a hazardous waste treatment contract is signed with competent authorities and handed over the hazardous waste to
           such unit for treatment.

           For general waste, each member reduces the discharge of solid waste through comprehensive utilization. For those
           that cannot be comprehensively utilized, the environmental protection department of the park is entrusted for unified
           disposal.

           The expired or discarded drugs that have entered the market are collected by distribution companies, destroyed by
           professional teams, and disposed of as hazardous wastes to control the possible harm to the environment caused by
           the outflow of expired drugs.

(2) Use of Resources and Impact on the Environment and Resources
     In order to actively respond to global climate change, the Group has taken proactive actions to reduce energy and resource
     consumption through measures such as organizational management, data index testing, and equipment and technological
     transformation, and has reduced greenhouse gas emissions while reducing energy consumption.

     The direct energy used by the Group in the production and operation process is mainly natural gas and fuel coal, while
     indirect energy includes purchased electricity and steam. The Group has formulated internal management procedures in
     accordance with the policies, regulations and standards of the state, local and industry authorities related to energy
     conservation, such as the Energy Conservation Law of the People’s Republic of China and the Law of the People’s Republic
     of China on Promoting Clean Production to improve the utilization rate of energy and resources and reduce the possible
     waste of energy and resources that may be generated.

     Key measures implemented in 2021 include:

     —     By installing frequency inverters to adjust the power of facilities, replacing energy-saving equipment and other
           energy-saving measures, the annual electricity consumption was reduced by 50,000 KWH;

     —     Change the wet vacuum pump in the dimethyl sulfate workshop area to dry vacuum pump, saving 64% of water per
           ton of product;

     —     Implementation of steam condensate recycling project and change of wet discharge of sulfuric acid slag to dry
           discharge, reducing water consumption per ton of product by 18.48%;




60
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Environment, Social and
Governance Report

   The summary below are the key performance indicators of 2021 for thirteen main members of the Group (which contribute
   approximately 61.8% revenue of the Group):

                                    Item
                                    Quantity
                                                                              Unit                                                 Approximate


                                                                               Energy Consumption
   Resource usage                   Electricity                               (kWh per annum)                                         170,861,000
                                    Coal                                      (tons per annum)                                             54,000
                                    Natural Gas                               (cubic meters per annum)                                 14,217,000
                                    Water                                     (tons per annum)                                          2,779,000
                                    Steam (purchased from
                                       other suppliers)                       (tons per annum)                                               52,000
                                    Packing Materials-plastics                (tons per annum)                                                  215

                                                                                   Gas Emissions
   Emissions                        Particulates                              (tons per annum)                                                    50
                                    Nitrogen Oxides                           (tons per annum)                                                    37
                                    Volatile Organic Compounds
                                      (VOC)                                   (tons per annum)                                                  361

                                                                                      Sewage
                                    Total Sewage                              (tons per annum)                                           1,287,500
                                    Chemical Oxygen Demand                    (tons per annum)                                               1,148
                                    Ammonia Nitrogen                          (tons per annum)                                                 107

                                                                                       Wastes
                                    Total Hazardous Wastes                    (tons per annum)                                                  939
                                    Total Non-hazardous Wastes                (tons per annum)                                                1,742

   Greenhouse gas                   Direct                                    (Tonnes CO2 equivalent per annum)                            172,000
     emissions                      Indirect                                  (Tonnes CO2 equivalent per annum)                            104,000

   Note: Only the statistics of emissions applicable to the Group is listed. Direct greenhouse gas emissions from operations that are controlled by the
         Group mainly generated from the consumption of natural gas and coal fuel for generating steam. Indirect greenhouse gas emissions from
         operations mainly resulted from the electricity purchased.




                                                                                                                                                   61
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Environment, Social and
Governance Report

(3) Climate Change
     The impacts and risks of climate change on the sustainable development of global enterprises bring various challenges to
     the operation of enterprises, which are issues for them to address to.

     The People’s Republic of China has announced the goal of “carbon peak emissions and carbon neutrality” to the world. In
     the future, it will continue to put more efforts on environmental protection and increase the control of resources and energy
     consumption. Enterprises will face increased investment in environmental protection and energy-saving equipment, which
     will bring higher cost pressure. The Group has actively carried out carbon emission verification, and at the same time,
     internally, the Group actively promoted green development with the direction of source control and classified treatment of
     pollution sources, so as to reduce the generation and emission of pollutants from the source and reduce the risk and cost of
     environmental protection.

     Global warming will affect the harvest of crops, which may lead to the price rise of raw materials and supply chain shortage
     of a small number of fermentation pharmaceutical enterprises of the Group, including corn steep liquor, soybean meal, rice
     and other biological fermentation raw materials. In order to reduce the risk of single raw materials because of the influence
     of climate and geographical factors, the Group is actively considering to expand the source of raw material suppliers in
     different places to ensure the stability of operation and supply in the future.

     In addition, the increased frequency and intensity of extreme weather may bring potential safety risks to the Company’s
     production and operation. In order to ensure that in the event of sudden extreme weather events, all emergency work can
     be quickly activated and operated, and to improve the emergency response capability for climate change crisis events, each
     member of the Group, in accordance with the Production Safety Accident Emergency Plan, has set up emergency measures
     for extreme weather such as storm and strong snow, established an emergency command system, clarified the
     organizational structure and responsibilities, strengthened linkage and quickly responded to minimize casualties and
     property losses caused by extreme weather.

     On the other hand, we are actively considering a comprehensive analysis of the effect of climate change on the future
     development of enterprises through scientific methodology so as to deeply understand the actual influence of climate
     change on the industry. We believe that this will help us to strengthen our control of climate change risks and formulate
     strategies to address climate change in the long term, medium term and short term.




62
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Environment, Social and
Governance Report

EMPLOYMENT AND LABOUR PRACTICES
Sustainable development of talents serves as an important guarantee for the Group’s to accomplish its strategic objectives. The
Group works hard to create a fair and harmonious working environment to build up an enterprise with competitiveness and
growing power. As such, the foundation of talents has been laid for the corporate sustainable development.

(1)   Employee’s Rights
      The Group has stringently implemented relevant laws and regulations such as the Labor Law of the People’s Republic of
      China, and Labor Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China, and formulated the human resources management system
      to proactively safeguard the legal rights of employees.

      The Group promotes a cultural atmosphere of synergistic cooperation, advocates equality between people, and adheres to
      the principle of fairness and justice. We are against any form of discrimination. We have adopted the same starting salary for
      employees of different gender, complied with the same minimum wage standard, forbid any sexual discrimination during
      the employment and promotion processes, and applied equal pay for equal work. The wages of the Group’s almost all
      existing employees are higher than the minimum wage standard of their location, and are in compliance with the local labor
      rules and policies. The Group will, in accordance with requirements of the national law at the time of recruiting employees,
      stringently examine the identities and ages of applicants, and will not recruit employees under the age of 18. The Group is
      not aware of any differentiation in salary packages in relation to gender, age and nationality during recruitment and
      examination, selection, employment and deployment of applicants.

      For employee’s welfares, the Group abides by the local labor rules, pays for statutory benefits for all formal staff, and offers
      leaves as required by the law; it provides holidays and benefits in accordance with requirements of the national and local
      law for all such female employees during the “three periods” (periods of pregnancy, maternity and lactation), and allows
      them to return to the workforce except for those who voluntarily render resignation. Male employees are also entitled to
      paternity leave for each confinement of their spouse. Furthermore, the Group has entertainment facilities such as library,
      badminton courts and table-tennis courts. We also organise different activities for enriching the after-work lives of our
      employees.

      As of 31 December 2021, the Group had 10,029 employees. The breakdown of employees by gender and age group is as
      follows:

                                 By gender                                                 By age group


                          Male                                                                                         Age over 50
                         55%                                                                                               6%
                                                                             Age
                                                                             between                            Age
                                                    Female                   30 and 50                          under 30
                                                    45%                         71%                            23%




      Except for four employees who are domiciled in Australia and four employees who are domiciled in Belgium, the rest of the
      employees are domiciled in the PRC. The employee turnover rate in the PRC is approximately 8.9%.




                                                                                                                                  63
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Environment, Social and
Governance Report

(2) Employee’s Safety
     The designs of manufacturing plants and equipment are following the Measures for Supervision and Management of Drug
     Production, Regulation on the Safety Management of Hazardous Chemicals and other related laws and regulations. The
     Group is committed to improve continuously and preventing risks to implement the safety production at all level in order to
     provide safe working environment with proper equipment, and implements measures for safe working behaviors to
     safeguard occupational health and safety of employees. The Group has set up a safety and environmental protection centre
     with qualified safety administrators for daily management on environmental, health and safety, such as security and fire
     management. For the safety design of production plants, the Group will use closed electrical equipment in the facilities
     where produce steams, corrosive gas and dust. In the facilities with explosive gas or dust, the Group will use explosion-proof
     electrical equipment. In the facilities with flammable and explosive or toxic gas, the Group implemented flammable or toxic
     gas leakage alarms with emergency stop settings; installed and upgraded the engineering control measures for ventilation
     and dust removal equipment and noise reduction measures to continuously improve the working environment of
     employees, and qualified labor protection products are provided in accordance with regulatory requirements.

     The Group will carry out comprehensive trouble hidden investigation and rectification of various production facilities,
     auxiliary facilities and public areas to eliminate safety vulnerability and provide a strong guarantee for on-site security from
     time to time. During the past three years, neither major safety incidents and serious fire accidents nor work-related fatal
     incidents of members of the Group were happened. The total number of working days lost due to work injury was 2,883
     days in 2021.

(3) Employee’s Training
     The Group’s talent training and development work is closely focused on the strategic guideline of “comprehensive
     advantages, innovation-driven, and global expansion” to further promote the training management at the level of corporate
     compliance operations, and allocate training resources to new businesses and new projects. While increasing the efforts in
     talent introduction, the Group insisted on the cultivation of internal talents and conducted a review of strategic talents for
     key functions such as research and development. The Group provided targeted training of talent in the industry based on
     business characteristics, improved the training mechanism, established a mentor system and a communication platform for
     management trainees, and focused on the training and follow-up of newly introduced talents, management trainees,
     middle and senior management personnel and new employees. Among the key training groups, males and females
     accounted for 66% and 34% respectively, and senior managers and middle managers accounted for 15% and 31%
     respectively. The average training hours for male and female employees were 86 hours and 79 hours, respectively, and the
     average training hours for each senior management and middle management were 73 hours and 95 hours, respectively.




64
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Environment, Social and
Governance Report

COMMUNITY
The Group has always been creating value for shareholders and wealth for customers whilst proactively engaging in public service,
caring for the lives of minority groups and people in difficulties and earnestly fulfilling its social responsibility in order to promote
the advancement and harmonious development of communities, enterprises and the regional economy. In July 2021, Henan and
other places continued to experience sudden and severe rainfall, and severe waterlogging and flooding occurred in many cities in
Henan Province. After learning about the urgent need for digestive medicine, cold medicine, anti-inflammatory medicine and
other medical supplies in the disaster area of Henan, the Group coordinated with the relevant departments of the enterprise and
donated supplies worth approximately RMB1 million through the Health Commission of Xinxiang City, Henan Province to protect
the life and health of the local people after the disaster and help the people of Henan to tide over the difficulties. In addition, the
Group also donated pharmaceutical products, including laryngology and ophthalmology products, of approximately RMB1.7
million to the Red Cross Society of Shaanxi Province in June 2021, for carrying out humanitarian treatment activities of treating
diseases and saving lives in seven cities in Shaanxi Province.




                                                                                                                                     65
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Environment, Social and
Governance Report

OPERATION PRACTICE
(1)   Supply Chain Management
      The majority of the Group’s suppliers are located in the PRC and only less than 1% of them are from overseas. The Group has
      formulated a series of procurement management system and procurement control procedure, and has strictly selected
      suppliers and monitored the procurement process in accordance with the Drug Administration Law of the People’s Republic
      of China and Good Manufacturing Practice. In selecting suppliers, a due diligence will be performed. The Group may visit the
      production plants if necessary and investigate the credit performance as well as the company’s nature and background. The
      samples provided are required to pass the testing and trial production before such suppliers could become the Group’s
      qualified suppliers. Procurement staffs have also conducted regular visits to suppliers to maintain close liaison and good
      cooperation relations with them. Meanwhile, the quality notices made by suppliers have been regularly monitored to ensure
      all of the raw materials used by the Group are in compliance with the standard requirements and ready for use.

      Currently, the global epidemic situation is still uncertain. The Group has strengthened its mid- and long-term supply chain
      construction in supply chain management, such as strategic supplier management, localisation of imported materials,
      supplier sourcing, supplier dynamic management, upstream and downstream special research, etc. to ensure the stability
      and continuous supply of the procurement supply chain system.

(2) Product Liability
      The production and sale of the Group’s drugs are conducted in accordance with relevant rules as required in the Drug
      Administration Law of the People’s Republic of China, Regulations for Implementation of the Drug Administration Law of
      the People’s Republic of China, Good Manufacturing Practice and Norm on Production, Quality Control of Traditional
      Chinese Medicine and Good Pharmacovigilance Practice, and has a complete production quality control system. Most of the
      drugs produced have been certified by GMP/GSP.

      Drug quality correlates with the life safety of patients, and even the lifespan of the enterprise. The Group introduces the
      concept of risk management in the whole process of drug production and promotes the quality culture of maximising the
      interests of patients, which requires high standard and high quality of products and reduces product errors during
      production, so as to lower the risk in terms of product quality during production. A system for product return and exchange
      analysis has been formulated with relevant requirements such as storage and logistics management of drugs, automatic
      temperature and humidity monitoring system. Furthermore, modern information technology is used in the collection of
      information, adverse reactions, consultations and complaints of drugs, and the information will be analysed for the
      continuous improvement of drug quality to ensure the medicines is safe, effective, uniform and stable in order to enhance
      the patients’ confidence in products of the Group. The Group has also established a sound pharmacovigilance system,
      actively carried out post-marketing safety research, and strengthened the practice of social responsibility of drug safety. In
      2021, the Group did not recall any products due to safety and health reasons, and received 236 complaints from customers.
      Once the Group received complaints, we will do analysis on the content of complaint, collect safety information and deal
      with it immediately. Our customers were 100% satisfied with our responses.




66
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Environment, Social and
Governance Report

(3) Anti-corruption
    The Group, committed to pursuing operation in good faith, constantly enhances internal control and monitoring
    mechanism within the enterprise, and stringently observes the rule on fair competition. It organised the employees to study
    the laws and regulations against commercial bribery and other unfair competition. Employees are required to strictly comply
    with provisions in relation to prohibition of commercial bribery acts under the Law Against Unfair Competition of the
    People’s Republic of China, Criminal Law and Companies Ordinances, and all of the relevant management rules on integrity
    and self-discipline as stipulated by the Company. The Group is firmly against commercial bribery, bribery and receiving gifts
    arising from other improper commercial acts, and establishes a management system and measures on capital management
    to prevent money laundering.

    The Group has established a professional and high-quality compliance management team to supervise and manage the
    commercial bribery, bribery and other improper business practices of the Company, especially in key areas and key projects
    of overseas operations to specify compliance management institutions or assign full-time personnel; put into practice an
    undertaking system aiming at preventing commercial bribery against key personnel in key areas prone to corruption and
    employees in key positions were required to sign the compliance undertaking ; carried out regular or irregular inspections
    on the compliance management of each department to trace the root causes and identify defects; strengthened
    accountability for violations and improved the punishment mechanism for violations by linking with performance appraisals
    to effectively prevent risks. The Group conducts anti-corruption supervision and management in strict compliance with
    relevant national laws and regulations and the Company’s internal policies, establishes an internal anonymous compliance
    reporting channel to timely discover, prevent and deal with employees’ violations of disciplines and regulations, and timely
    reports to relevant departments for those suspected of committing crimes. The Group also regularly organizes anti-
    corruption trainings to enhance employees’ understanding of job-related crimes and the study of relevant laws and
    regulations, and incorporates the study of internal compliance management system into the normalized and
    institutionalized training mechanism to enhance employees’ compliance awareness and cultivate corporate compliance
    culture.

    In 2021, the Group and its employees were not involved in any corruption litigation.




                                                                                                                             67
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Report of
the Directors

The Directors are pleased to present their report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the
year ended 31 December 2021.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is an investment holding company. Details of the principal activities of its principal subsidiaries and associates are
set out in notes 22 and 20 to the consolidated financial statements respectively.

BUSINESS REVIEW
The business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 is set out in the section “Management Discussion and
Analysis” on pages 24 to 49 of this annual report.

Description of principal risks and uncertainties that may be faced by the Group can be found in the section “Management
Discussion and Analysis — Principal Risks and Uncertainties” on pages 46 to 47 of this annual report.

An analysis of the Group’s performance during the year using financial key performance indicators is set out in the section
“Management Discussion and Analysis — Financial Resources and Liquidity” on page 45 of this annual report. In addition,
discussions on the Group’s environmental policies and compliance with relevant laws and regulations which may have a
significant impact on the Group are set out in the section “Management Discussion and Analysis — Environmental Policies” and
“Management Discussion and Analysis — Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations” separately on page 48 of this annual
report.

RESULTS
The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the state of affairs of the Group at that date are set out on
pages 87 to 204.

DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company has adopted a dividend policy, in considering the payment of dividends, to allow shareholders of the Company to
participate in the Company’s profits whilst retaining adequate reserves for future growth of the Group.

The Board shall consider the following factors before recommending or declaring dividends:

i.     The Company’s actual and expected financial performance;

ii.    Retained earnings and distributable reserves of the Company and each of the members of the Group;

iii.   The Group’s working capital, capital expenditure requirements and future expansion plans;

iv.    The Group’s liquidity position;

v.     General economic conditions, business cycle of the Group and other internal or external factors that may have an impact on
       the business or financial performance and position of the Company; and

vi.    Other factors that the Board deems relevant.




68
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Report of
the Directors

The payment of dividend is also subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations including the laws of Bermuda and
the Company’s Bye-laws. The Board will review the dividend policy from time to time and there can be no assurance that dividend
will be paid in any particular amount for any given period.

DIVIDEND
The Board recommends the payment of final dividend of approximately HK$390,450,000 at 11 HK cents per share (2020:
HK$390,450,000 at 11 HK cents per share) for the year ended 31 December 2021. No interim dividend was declared during the year
(2020: Nil).

RESERVES
Details of the movements in reserves of the Group and of the Company during the year are set out in the consolidated statement
of changes in equity and note 41 to the consolidated financial statements respectively. As at 31 December 2021, the Company’s
reserves available for distribution, calculated in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations of Bermuda, amounted to
approximately HK$7,036.31 million (2020: approximately HK$6,995.21 million).

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the movements in share capital of the Company during the year are set out in note 38 to the consolidated financial
statements.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s bye-laws or the laws of Bermuda which would oblige the
Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to its existing shareholders.

SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATES
Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries and associates at 31 December 2021 are set out in notes 22 and 20 to the consolidated
financial statements respectively.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year are set out in note 16 to the
consolidated financial statements.

BANK BORROWINGS
Particulars of bank borrowings of the Group during the year are set out in note 32 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                               69
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Report of
the Directors

DIRECTORS
The Directors who held office during the year and up to the date of this report are:

Executive Directors
Dr. Tang Weikun (appointed on 1 June 2021)
Dr. Shao Yan
Dr. Niu Zhanqi
Dr. Shi Lin (appointed on 1 June 2021)
Mr. Liu Chengwei (retired on 1 June 2021)
Mr. Hu Bo (retired on 1 June 2021)

Independent Non-executive Directors
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie
Mr. Hu Yebi
Dr. Pei Geng

Pursuant to bye-law 87(1), Dr. Shao Yan, Dr. Niu Zhanqi and Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie will retire from office at the forthcoming
annual general meeting and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election of the forthcoming annual general meeting.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
There is no unexpired service contract which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of
compensation other than statutory compensation. Each of the independent non-executive Directors has been appointed pursuant
to a letter of appointment for a term of one year, which is renewable automatically for successive terms of one year after the expiry
of the term of appointment, unless terminated by not less than three months’ notice in writing served by either party.

DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
At no time during the year was the Company or its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors or chief
executive of the Company to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other
body corporate.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
No transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company or its
subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the
year or at any time during the year.

COMPETING INTEREST
Save Dr. Niu Zhanqi, an executive director, who is the president of Pharmaceutical Management Headquarters of China Grand and
a director of Huadong Medicine, and thus may have interest in businesses which competes or is likely to compete, either directly
or indirectly, with the business of the Group, so far as the Directors are aware of, no Directors or the management shareholders of
the Company (as defined in the Listing Rules) had an interest in a business which competes or may compete with the business of
the Group.




70
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Report of
the Directors

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the related party transactions entered by the Group are all disclosed note 42 in the
consolidated financial statements and in the section “Continuing Connected Transactions” in the report of the Directors below,
and had complied with the relevant requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Save as mentioned in these 2 sections,
there were no other discloseable non-exempted connected transactions or non- exempted continuing connected transactions
under the Listing Rules. To the extent of the related party transactions as disclosed in note 42 to the financial statements
constituted connected transaction or continuing connected transaction, the Company had complied with the relevant
requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules during the year.

CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group has entered the following continuing connected transactions which are subject
to the reporting and announcement requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules:

(1)   On 30 June 2020, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement (the “Huadong Medicine Supply Agreement”) with
      Huadong Medicine. Pursuant to the Huadong Medicine Supply Agreement, Grand Pharm (China) or its related companies
      shall supply pharmaceutical preparations, raw materials and related services to Huadong Medicine or its related companies
      and the maximum annual amount of products to be sold by the Group to Huadong Medicine for each of the periods
      commencing from the date where the terms of the Huadong Medicine Supply Agreement become effective until 31
      December 2020 and for the two years ending 31 December 2022 are RMB160.0 million, RMB165.0 million and RMB169.0
      million respectively (the “Huadong Medicine Supply Caps”). In 2021, the transaction amount under Huadong Medicine
      Supply Agreement is approximately RMB92.9 million.

(2)   On 30 June 2020, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement (the “China Grand Supply Agreement”) with China Grand.
      Pursuant to the China Grand Supply Agreement, Grand Pharm (China) or its related companies shall supply pharmaceutical
      preparations, raw materials and related services to China Grand or its related companies and the maximum annual amount
      of products to be sold by the Group to China Grand for each of the periods commencing from the date where the terms of
      the China Grand Supply Agreement become effective until 31 December 2020 and for the two years ending 31 December
      2022 are RMB26.0 million, RMB27.0 million and RMB28.0 million respectively (the “China Grand Supply Caps”). In 2021, the
      transaction amount under China Grand Supply Agreement is approximately RMB0.9 million.

(3)   On 30 June 2020, Grand Pharm (China) entered into the purchase agreement (the “Baoding Jiufu Purchase Agreement”) with
      Baoding Jiufu Biochemical Co., Ltd (the “Baoding Jiufu”), and a supplemental agreement on 16 July 2021 (the “Baoding Jiufu
      Purchase Supplemental Agreement”). Pursuant to the Baoding Jiufu Purchase Agreement and Baoding Jiufu Purchase
      Supplemental Agreement, Grand Pharm (China) or its related companies shall purchase raw materials from Baoding Jiufu or
      its related companies for the production of amino acid products and other pharmaceutical products. The maximum annual
      amount of products to be purchased by the Group from Baoding Jiufu for each of the periods commencing from the date
      where the terms of the Baoding Jiufu Purchase Agreement become effective until 31 December 2020 and for the two years
      ending 31 December 2022 are RMB41 million, RMB212 million and RMB431 million respectively (the “Baoding Jiufu Purchase
      Caps”). In 2021, the transaction amount under Baoding Jiufu Purchase Agreement and Baoding Jiufu Purchase Supplemental
      Agreement is approximately RMB111.1 million.




                                                                                                                             71
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Report of
the Directors

(4)     On 30 June 2020, Wuhan Kernel Bio-Tech Co., Ltd. (an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) (the “Wuhan
        Kernel”) entered into the sub-contracting agreement (the “Baoding Jiufu Sub-Contracting Agreement”) with Baoding Jiufu.
        Pursuant to the Baoding Jiufu Sub-Contracting Agreement, Wuhan Kernel or its related companies shall engage Baoding
        Jiufu for the provision of processing services for the production of antibiotics which can be applied in animal feeds. The
        maximum annual amount of products to be subcontracted by the Wuhan Kernel to Baoding Jiufu for each of the periods
        commencing from the date where the terms of the Baoding Jiufu Sub-Contracting Agreement become effective until 31
        December 2020 and for the two years ending 31 December 2022 are RMB48 million, RMB50 million and RMB52 million
        respectively (the “Baoding Jiufu Sub-Contracting Caps”). In 2021, the transaction amount under Baoding Jiufu Sub-
        Contracting Agreement is approximately RMB0.4 million.

(5)     On 9 December 2021, Cangzhou Huachen BioTech Co., Ltd. (an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) (the
        “Huachen BioTech ”) entered into an agreement (the “Huachen BioTech Supply Agreement”) with Hebei Huayang Biological
        Technology Co., Ltd. (the “Hebei Huayang ”). Pursuant to the Huachen BioTech Supply Agreement, Huachen BioTech or its
        related companies shall supply glycine, other raw materials for pharmaceutical use and related services, to Hebei Huayang
        or its related companies and the maximum annual amount of products to be sold by the Group to Hebei Huayang for each
        of the periods commencing from the date where the terms of the Huachen BioTech Supply Agreement become effective
        until 31 December 2021 and for the two years ending 31 December 2023 are RMB200.0 million, RMB700.0 million and
        RMB1.0 billion respectively (the “Huachen BioTech Supply Caps”). In 2021, the transaction amount under Huachen BioTech
        Supply Agreement is approximately RMB52.8 million.

As Huadong Medicine and Baoding Jiufu are regarded as connected persons of the Company since they are associates of the
China Grand (which is a substantial shareholder of the Company), and the subject matters of each of the Huadong Medicine
Supply Agreement, China Grand Supply Agreement, Baoding Jiufu Purchase Agreement, Baoding Jiufu Purchase Supplemental
Agreement and Baoding Jiufu Sub-Contracting Agreement (collectively known as “China Grand Continuing Connected
Transaction Agreements”) are similar in nature, pursuant to Rule 14A.81 of the Listing Rules the transactions between the Group
and each of these companies would be aggregated. As the aggregated amount of the Huadong Medicine Supply Caps, the China
Grand Supply Caps, Baoding Jiufu Purchase Caps and Baoding Jiufu Sub-Contracting Caps exceed HK$10,000,000 per annum, the
transactions contemplated under the China Grand Continuing Connected Transaction Agreements are subject to the reporting,
announcement and Independent Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

Huachen BioTech is owned as to 80% by the Group and 20% by Hebei Huayang. Accordingly, Hebei Huayang is a connected
person of the Company. As the amount of the Huachen BioTech Supply Caps exceed HK$10,000,000 per annum, the transactions
contemplated under the Huachen BioTech Supply Agreements are subject to the reporting, announcement and Independent
Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed and confirmed that these transactions were entered into:

(i)     in the ordinary and usual course of the business of the Group;

(ii)    either on normal commercial terms or, if there are no sufficient comparable transactions to judge whether they are on
        normal commercial terms, on terms no less favourable to the Group than those available to or from independent third
        parties; and

(iii)   in accordance with the China Grand Continuing Connected Transaction Agreement and Huachen BioTech Supply
        Agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the Company
        as a whole.




72
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Report of
the Directors

The Auditors of the Company have reviewed the continuing connected transactions and confirmed in a letter (the “Letter”) to the
Board (a copy of which has been provided to the Stock Exchange). The Auditors of the Company have:

(i)     found that the continuing connected transactions have received the approval of the Board of Directors of the Company;

(ii)    obtained the relevant agreements governing each of the continuing connected transactions from management;

(iii)   found that the prices charged for each of the transactions selected were in accordance with the pricing terms set out in the
        relevant agreements governing such transactions or where the related agreement did not clearly specify a price, the prices
        charged were consistent with the prices charged for comparable transactions that were identified by management; and

(iv)    found that the continuing connected transactions have not exceed the cap amounts disclosed in previous announcements
        dated 30 June 2020, 16 July 2021 and 9 December 2021 made by the Company in respect of each of the continuing
        connected transactions.

SHARE OPTION SCHEME
During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company did not adopt any share option scheme and no outstanding share
options.

No share options were granted or exercised under any share option scheme during the year ended 31 December 2021 and 2020
and there were no outstanding share options as at 31 December 2021 and 2020.

SHARE AWARD SCHEME
On 1 September 2021, the Company has adopted the Share Award Scheme (“Scheme”) in which the Group’s employees, directors
or consultants will be entitled to participate. Details of the Scheme are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 1
September 2021.

In 2021, the Group has paid to the trust established for the Scheme HK$155.0 million, and approximately HK$143.5 million of
which was used to purchase 22,430,500 Shares as part of the trust fund and such Shares are held by the trustee for the benefit of
the eligible participants under the trust.

Save for the aforesaid, as at the date of this report, the Board neither granted any awards nor caused to pay the trustee the trust
fund for purchase nor subscription of Shares.




                                                                                                                                73
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Report of
the Directors

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As at 31 December 2021, the Directors and the chief executive of the Company, and their respective associates had the following
interests in the shares and underlying shares of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange of
Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short
positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO) or which were required, pursuant to section
352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”):

LONG POSITIONS IN THE SHARES OF THE COMPANY:


                                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                                 percentage of
                                                                                                          Number of             the Company’s
Name of Director and chief                                                                           ordinary shares               issued share
Executive of the Company                   Capacity                                                             held                    Capital


Tang Weikun                                Beneficial owner                                                      60,000                     0.00%
Shao Yan                                   Interests in spouse (Note)                                         6,019,600                     0.17%
Zhou Chao                                  Beneficial owner                                                      56,000                     0.00%

Note: Dr. Shao Yan, a Director, is the spouse of Ms. Tian Wen Hong who is the holder of the above shares. By virtue of the SFO, Dr. Shao Yan shall be
      deemed to be interested in such 6,019,600 shares.


Apart from the foregoing, none of the Directors and chief executive of the Company or any of their spouses or children under
eighteen years of age has interests or short positions in shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company, any of its holding
company, subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries, as recorded in the register required to be kept under section 352 of the SFO or
pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers contained in the Listing Rules or required to
be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of the SFO.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
The articles of associations of the Company provides that the Directors or other officers of the Company shall be entitled to be
indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities incurred or sustained by him/her as a Director or other
officer of the Company in defending any proceedings, civil or criminal, in which judgment is given in his/her favour, or in which
he/she is acquitted.

The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover or other relevant arrangement in respect of potential legal actions against
its Directors and senior management members as well as directors of the subsidiaries of the Group.




74
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Report of
the Directors

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
As at 31 December 2021, the following persons (other than the Directors or chief executive of the Company) had an interest or
short position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which are required to be disclosed to the Company and the
Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or required to be entered in the register
maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.

Long and short positions in the shares of the Company:


                                                                                                                 Approximate
                                                                                                                percentage or
                                                                                                                  attributable
                                                              Number of the                                     percentage of
Name of Shareholders                          Notes         shares interested     Nature of interests        shareholding (%)


Outwit Investments Limited (“Outwit”)            1            1,671,671,149 (L)   Beneficial owner                    47.09 (L)

Grand (Hongkong) International Investments       1            1,671,671,149 (L)   Interest of controlled              47.09 (L)
  Holdings Limited (“Grand Investment”)                                              corporation

China Grand Enterprises Incorporation            1            1,671,671,149 (L)   Interest of controlled              47.09 (L)
  (“China Grand”)                                                                    corporation

Shanghai China Grand Asset Finance               2              286,039,153 (L)   Beneficial owner/                    8.06 (L)
  Investment Management Co., Limited                                                Interest of controlled
  (“Shanghai Finance”)                                                              corporation

Mr. Hu Kaijun (“Mr. Hu”)                     1&2&3            1,998,730,302 (L)   Interest of controlled              56.30 (L)
                                                                                     corporation

Ms. Chau Tung                                1&2&3            1,998,730,302 (L)   Beneficial owner/                   56.30 (L)
                                                                                    Interest in spouse

CDH Giant Health I Limited (“CDH Giant”)         4              356,648,142 (L)   Beneficial owner                    10.05 (L)

CDH Fund V, L.P. (“CDH Fund”)                    4              356,648,142 (L)   Interest of controlled              10.05 (L)
                                                                                     corporation

CDH V Holdings Company Limited (“CDH V”)         4              356,648,142 (L)   Interest of controlled              10.05 (L)
                                                                                     corporation

China Diamond Holdings V Limited                 4              356,648,142 (L)   Interest of controlled              10.05 (L)
  (“China Diamond V”)                                                                corporation

China Diamond Holdings Company Limited           4              356,648,142 (L)   Interest of controlled              10.05 (L)
  (“China Diamond”)                                                                  corporation

(L)    denotes long position




                                                                                                                             75
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Report of
the Directors

Notes:

1.       Outwit is the beneficial owner of 1,671,671,149 Shares. Grand Investment, being wholly-owned by China Grand, held 99.85% equity interests of
         Outwit, and Ms. Chau Tung, spouse of Mr. Hu, held the remaining 0.15% equity interests. Grand Investment and China Grand are therefore deemed to
         be interested in 1,671,671,149 Shares pursuant to the SFO.

2.       Beijing Yuanda Huachuang Investment Co., Ltd. (北京遠大華創投資有限公司), a company wholly owned by Mr. Hu, owned 70% of the equity
         interests of Shanghai Finance. Shanghai Finance is the beneficial owner of 255,142,148 Shares. East Ocean Capital (Hong Kong) Limited, a wholly
         owned subsidiary of Shanghai Finance, also holds 30,897,005 Shares. Shanghai Finance is therefore deemed to be interested in 286,039,153 Shares
         pursuant to the SFO.


3.       China Grand is controlled and ultimately and beneficially owned by Mr. Hu. Ms. Chau Tung, spouse of Mr. Hu, is also the beneficial owner of
         41,020,000 Shares. Mr. Hu and Ms. Chau Tung are therefore deemed to be interested in 1,998,730,302 Shares pursuant to the SFO.

4.       CDH Giant is the beneficial owner of 356,648,142 Shares. CDH Giant is wholly-owned by CDH Fund, and pursuant to the SFO CDH Fund is therefore
         deemed to be interested in the 356,648,142 Shares. CDH Fund is controlled by CDH V, which in turn held as to 80% by China Diamond V. China
         Diamond V is in held as to 100% by China Diamond.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2021, the Directors or chief executive of the Company were not aware of any other
person (other than the Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the shares or
underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of
Part XV of the SFO or, who is, directly or indirectly, interested in 5% or more of the nominal value of any class of share capital
carrying rights to vote in all circumstances at general meetings of any other members of the Group, or any other substantial
shareholders whose interests or short positions were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section
336 of the SFO.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company
was entered into or existed during the year.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the five largest customers of the Group accounted for less than 30% of the Group’s total
revenue while the five largest suppliers accounted for less than 30% the Group’s total purchases.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SHARES
Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed
securities during the year ended 31 December 2021.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, the Company has
maintained a sufficient public float as required under the Listing Rules during the year ended 31 December 2021 and as at the
latest practicable date prior to the issue of this annual report.




76
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Report of
the Directors

TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION
The Company is not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to shareholders by reason of their holding of the Company’s
securities.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the Corporate Governance Report on pages 50
to 55.

AUDITORS
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 have been audited by HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng
Limited which shall retire and, being eligible, offer itself for re-appointment at the forthcoming annual general meeting. A
resolution to re-appoint HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited and to authorize the Board of Directors to fix its remuneration will be
proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

On behalf of the Board




Dr. Tang Weikun
Chairman

Hong Kong, 17 March 2022




                                                                                                                            77
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Biographical Details of
Directors and Senior Management

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Dr. Tang Weikun, aged 37, joined Grand Pharma (China) Co., Ltd. (a major subsidiary of the Group) (“Grand Pharma (China)”) in
2012 and worked for several companies of the Group. He has been the assistant of the president of Grand Pharma (China) since
April 2019, and was appointed as the president of Grand Pharma (China) with effect from 1 June 2021. Dr. Tang has overall
responsible for the operation of Grand Pharma (China). Dr. Tang completed his life science and technology undergraduate
education at Wuhan University in 2007, and obtained his doctoral degree in microbiology from the College of Life Sciences,
Wuhan University in 2012.

Dr. Shao Yan, aged 59, was appointed as an executive Director in October 2008. Dr. Shao joined the Company in March 2008 and
is the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Dr. Shao currently focus on the business development and investment of the
Company. Dr. Shao has over 30 years of experience in corporate management and venture capital investment. Dr. Shao holds a
master degree in Business Administration from Guanghua School of Management of Peking University and a doctor degree (PhD)
in Management from School of Politics and International Studies of Beijing Normal University.

Dr. Niu Zhanqi, aged 55, was appointed as an executive Director in November 2016. Dr. Niu has more than 10 years’ experience
in pharmaceutical research and development. He is currently the president of the Pharmaceutical Management Headquarters of
China Grand. He also is a director of Huadong Medicine since June 2016. Dr. Niu holds a bachelor’s degree in science from Nankai
University and a doctoral degree (PhD) in pharmaceutics from Shenyang Pharmaceutical University.

Dr. Shi Lin, aged 58, joined the Group in 2019 and is currently the deputy president and chief pharmaceutical officer of Grand
Pharma (China). Before joining the Group, she had been the EU Registration Leader in Global Regulatory Affairs (GRA)
Neuroscience of Janssen R&D in Belgium. Dr. Shi has over 30 years of clinical and research experience in the pharmaceutical
industry, with significant experience working with global multifunctional matrix teams to drive forward complex projects. She led
various applications for clinical trials (Clinical Trial Applications (CTA) and Investigational New Drug Applications (IND)) in different
countries in Europe and the United States, particularly in relation to strategic assessments in first clinical trials and innovative
research paths. Dr. Shi obtained her doctoral degree in medical sciences from Vrije Universiteit Brussel in 2005. She has been
appointed as visiting professor and visiting fellow in various universities, such as Tongji Medical College affiliated to Huazhong
University of Science and Technology (華中科技大學同濟醫學院) in Wuhan. Dr. Shi was awarded as “2014 Top Ten Chinese
Technology Leaders in Europe” (2014度歐洲華人10大科技領軍人才*) by the Federation of Chinese Professional Association in
Europe (全歐華人專業協會聯合會*).




78
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Biographical Details of
Directors and Senior Management

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie, aged 59, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in March 2005. Ms. So is a fellow
member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and a practicing member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants. She is a partner of an accounting firm.

Mr. Hu Yebi, aged 58, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in December 2018. Mr. Hu received his Master of
Business Administration from Netherlands International Institute for Management in the Netherlands and a Postgraduate Diploma
in Management Engineering from Beijing Institute of Technology in Beijing, the PRC. Mr. Hu has more than twenty years of
experience in securities and financial services, mergers and acquisitions and corporate finance. Mr. Hu is the founder and chairman
of Vision Finance Group Limited. Mr. Hu is currently a non- executive director of Beijing Sports and Entertainment Industry Group
Limited (stock code: 1803) and was an executive director of Beijing Enterprises Medical and Health Industry Limited (stock code:
2389) and Beijing Properties (Holdings) Limited (stock code: 925), but already resigned in October 2018 and November 2018
respectively. All these companies are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

Dr. Pei Geng, aged 62, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in May 2011. Dr. Pei holds a bachelor degree in
Medicine and clinically became a neurosurgeon after graduation from Beijing Capital University of Medicine, China. Dr. Pei also
holds a licentiate degree in Medical Sciences from Uppsala University, Sweden and a PhD degree in neuroscience from University
of Würzburg, Germany. Dr. Pei is currently working in Multiway Trading Intl., USA and its Beijing branch.

SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. Zhou Chao, aged 32, has been the executive deputy officer of the Company since June 2019, and is also a director of certain
associated company of the Group. Mr. Zhou is responsible for overall internal management of the Group. Prior to joining the
Company, Mr. Zhou was the legal manager, senior legal manager and business director of the department of legal security
management of China Grand Enterprises Incorporation (a substantial shareholder of the Company), and he is also directors of
certain local and overseas companies. Mr. Zhou graduated from the Law School of Ocean University of China in 2011, and
obtained his Master of International Economic Law Degree from the University of International Business and Economics. Mr. Zhou
led and participated several local and overseas transactions in related to large scale merger and acquisition projects and
introduction of various types of products.

Mr. Foo Tin Chung, Victor, aged 53, joined the Company in September 2011 as a company secretary of the Company. Mr. Foo
holds a bachelor degree in Accounting and Information System in the University of New South Wales in Australia and a master
degree in Business Administration in Australia Graduate School of Management. He is a member of the Australia Society of
Certified Practising Accountants and an associate member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Foo is
the company secretary and chief financial officer of Justin Allen Holdings Limited (stock code: 1425) since April 2018, which is
listed on the Stock Exchange.

Mr. Shi Xiaofeng, aged 55, joined the principal subsidiary Grand Pharm (China) since 2003 and is the chairman of the board of
directors and the officer of the strategic decision committee of Grand Pharma (China). Mr. Shi is responsible for overseeing the
entire operations and management of Grand Pharm (China), and has over 20 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry
management. Mr. Shi used to work for Schering-Plough and Pharmacia as senior management before joining the Group. Mr. Shi
holds a medical degree from Medical School of Southeast University and a EMBA certificate at China Europe International Business
School.




                                                                                                                               79
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Independent
Auditors’ Report




INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED (FORMERLY KNOWN AS CHINA GRAND
PHARMACEUTICAL AND HEALTHCARE HOLDINGS LIMITED)
(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “Company”) and its
subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 87 to 204, which comprise the consolidated statement of
financial position as at 31 December 2021, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to
the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group
as at 31 December 2021, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in
accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (the “HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants (the “HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for
Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




80
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Independent
Auditors’ Report

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key audit matter                                                How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Impairment assessment of pharmaceutical business
Refer to notes 3, 21 and 23 to the consolidated financial statements

The Group has goodwill and intangible assets of                 Our procedures in relation to management’s impairment
approximately HK$596,746,000 and HK$1,009,764,000               assessment included:
respectively relating to the cash generating units engaged
in business of manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical          •      Evaluation of the independent valuer’s competence,
preparations and medical devices, biotechnology products               capabilities and objectivity;
and health products, specialised pharmaceutical raw
materials and other products mainly, in the People’s            •      Assessing the methodologies used and the appropriateness
Republic of China as at 31 December 2021. Management                   of the key assumptions based on our knowledge of the
performed impairment assessment of pharmaceutical                      pharmaceutical business and using our valuation experts;
business and concluded that no impairment is necessary to
provide. This conclusion was based on value-in-use model        •      Challenging the reasonableness of key assumptions based
that required significant management judgement with                    on our knowledge of the business and industry; and
respect to the discount rate and the underlying cashflows,
in particular future revenue growth. Independent external       •      Checking, on sampling basis, the accounting and relevance
valuation were obtained in order to support management’s               of the input data used.
estimates.
                                                                We found the key assumptions were supported by the available
                                                                evidence.




                                                                                                                             81
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Independent
Auditors’ Report

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key audit matter                                                How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Impairment assessment of trade and other receivables, loan receivables and amounts due from related companies
Refer to notes 3, 5(b)(iv),19, 28, and 34 to the consolidated financial statements

As at 31 December 2021, the Group had gross trade and           Our procedures in relation to management’s impairment
other receivables, loan receivables and amounts due from        assessment of the trade and other receivables, loan receivables
related companies of approximately HK$1,279,069,000,            and amounts due from related companies as at 31 December 2021
HK$113,985,000 and HK$13,441,000, respectively. The             included:
provision for impairment of trade and other receivables,
loan receivables and amounts due from related companies         •     Understanding and evaluating the key controls that the
are approximately HK$149,073,000, HK$795,000 and                      Group has implemented to manage and monitor its credit
HK$121,000, respectively.                                             risk, and validating the control effectiveness on a sample
                                                                      basis;
In general, the credit terms granted by the Group to the
customers ranged between 30 to 180 days (2020: 30 to 180        •     Checking, on a sample basis, the ageing profile of the trade
days). Management applied judgement in assessing the                  and other receivables amounts due from related companies
expected credit losses (“ECL”). Trade and other receivables           as at 31 December 2021 to the underlying financial records
relating to counterparties with known financial difficulties          and post year-end settlements to bank receipts;
or significant doubt on collection of trade receivables are
assessed individually for provision for impairment              •     Inquiring of management for the status of each of the
allowance. ECL are also estimated by grouping the                     material trade and other receivables, loan receivables and
remaining trade receivables based on shared credit risk               amounts due from related companies past due as at year
characteristics and collectively assessed for likelihood of           end and corroborating explanations from management with
recovery, taking into account the nature of the customer, its         supporting evidence, such as performing public search of
business and its ageing category, and applying ECL rates to           credit profile of selected customers, understanding on-
the respective gross carrying amounts of the trade                    going business relationship with the customers based on
receivables. The management assessed the recoverability of            tr ade r ecor ds, checki ng histor ical and subsequen t
loan receivables and accounts due from related companies              settlement records of and other correspondence with the
based on these counterparties’ capability of repayment. The           customers; and
ECL rates on these receivables are determined based on the
Group’s historical default rates taking into consideration      •     Assessing the appropriateness of the ECL provisioning
forward-looking information that is reasonable and                    methodology, examining the key data inputs on a sample
supportable available without undue costs or effort. At               basis to assess their accuracy and completeness, and
every reporting date, the historical observed default rates           challenging the assumptions, including both historical and
are reassessed and changes in the forward-looking                     forward-looking information, used to determine the ECL.
information are considered.
                                                                We found that the management’s judgment and estimates used
We focused on this area due to the impairment assessment        to assess the recoverability of the trade and other receivables, loan
of trade and other receivables, loan receivables and            receivables and amounts due from related companies and its
amounts due from related companies under the ECL model          impairment provision to be supportable by available evidence.
involved the use of significant management judgements
and estimates.




82
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Independent
Auditors’ Report

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key audit matter                                                  How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Interests in associates
Refer to note 3 and 20 to the consolidated financial statements

As at 31 December 2021, the carrying amounts of interest          Our procedures in relation to the i) the audit work performed on
in associates amounted to approximately HK$8,066.7                interest in Sirtex; and ii) management’s impairment assessment of
million which represented approximately 38.3% of the              interest in associates included:
Group’s total assets.
                                                                  i)   The audit work performed on the Group’s interest in Sirtex:
Included in the interests in associates, the Group has
56.84% interest in Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Limited                     Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd. (“Sirtex”) is a wholly owned subsidiary
(“Grand Pharma Sphere”) which is accounted for under the               of Grand Pharma Sphere and is audited by non-HLB auditors
equity method. The Group’s share of loss from Grand                    (“the Sirtex Auditors”). We have discussed with the Sirtex
Pharma Sphere for the year ended 31 December 2021 was                  Auditors their audit approach and result of their work. We
approximately of HK$9.8 million and the Group’s share of               have reviewed their working papers. We discussed the key
net assets of Grand Pharma Sphere was HK$4,873.3 million               audit matters relating to Sirtex with Group’s management
as at 31 December 2021, which represented approximately                and evaluated the impact on our audit of the consolidated
23.1% of the Group’s total assets.                                     financial statements.

Grand Pharma Sphere’s revenue amounted to                              We have reviewed and discussed the Sirtex Auditors’ report
approximately HK$1,242.2 million for the year ended 31                 in accordance with our group audit instructions, we found
December 2021. Revenue was generated from sale of SIR-                 that the Group’s share of results and net assets of Grand
Spheres Y-90 resin microspheres, a targeted radiotherapy               Pharma Sphere were supported by the available evidence.
for liver cancer. Revenue is recognised when control of the
product has transferred to the customer, being when the
product is delivered to the distributor or medical facility
and when the customer has sole discretion over the use of
the product and there are no unfulfilled obligations that
could affect the customer’s acceptance of the product.




                                                                                                                                  83
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Independent
Auditors’ Report

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key audit matter                                                How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Interests in associates (continued)
Refer to note 3 and 20 to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

Management determines at the end of each reporting              ii)   Management’s impairment assessment of interests in
period the existence of any objective evidence through                associates included:
which the Group’s interests in all associates may be
impaired. The assessment of indicators of impairment and              —       Evaluating of the Group’s assessments as to whether
where such indicators exist and the determination of the                      any indication of impairment exist by reference to the
recoverable amounts requires significant management’s                         available information in the relevant market and
judgement.                                                                    industries;

                                                                      —       Assessing the methodologies used and the
                                                                              appropriateness of the key assumptions based on our
                                                                              knowledge; and

                                                                      —       Checking, on a sample basis, the accuracy and
                                                                              relevance of information included in the impairment
                                                                              assessment of interest in associates.

                                                                We found the key assumption adopted in management
                                                                impairment assessment on interests in associates were supported
                                                                by the available evidence.

OTHER INFORMATION
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual
report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditors’ report thereon (the “Other Information”).

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in
doing so, consider whether the Other Information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this Other Information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
report in this regard.




84
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Independent
Auditors’ Report

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and for
such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless
the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our opinion solely to you, as a
body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of
assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout
the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
      design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate
      to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
      one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
      internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in
      the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
      disclosures made by the directors.




                                                                                                                                   85
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Independent
Auditors’ Report

AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
      evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
      the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
      attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
      inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s
      report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
      and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
      achieves fair presentation.

•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within
      the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision
      and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditors’ report is Tien Sun Kit, Jack.




HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
Certified Public Accountants

Tien Sun Kit, Jack
Practising Certificate Number: P07364

Hong Kong, 17 March 2022




86
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
Other Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2021


                                                                                               2021          2020
                                                                                 Notes       HK$’000       HK$’000


Revenue                                                                            7        8,597,975     6,352,919
Cost of sales                                                                              (3,350,737)   (2,317,725)

Gross profit                                                                               5,247,238     4,035,194

Other revenue and income                                                           8          349,016       383,552
Distribution costs                                                                         (2,397,848)   (1,860,086)
Administrative expenses                                                                      (909,617)     (685,239)
Impairment of financial assets at amortised cost, net                                            (353)      (17,805)
Net income from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss              9          484,848       271,409
Fair value change on derivative financial instruments                                          (8,350)            –
Share of results of associates                                                                113,862        61,979
Finance costs                                                                      10         (92,964)     (115,421)

Profit before tax                                                                          2,785,832     2,073,583
Income tax expense                                                                 11       (380,800)     (292,374)

Profit for the year                                                                12      2,405,032     1,781,209

Other comprehensive income, net of income tax
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Fair value gain/(loss) on investment in equity instruments at fair value
   through other comprehensive income                                                          28,641      (15,602)
Share of other comprehensive (loss)/income of associates                                      (12,047)      26,435

Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange difference on translating foreign operations                                        274,095       356,602

Other comprehensive income for the year, net of income tax                                   290,689       367,435

Total comprehensive income for the year, net of income tax                                 2,695,721     2,148,644

Profit/(loss) for the year attributable to:
  — Owners of the Company                                                                  2,402,563     1,792,661
  — Non-controlling interests                                                                  2,469       (11,452)

                                                                                           2,405,032     1,781,209

Total comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to:
  — Owners of the Company                                                                  2,696,069     2,174,432
  — Non-controlling interests                                                                   (348)      (25,788)

                                                                                           2,695,721     2,148,644

  Basic and diluted (HK cents)                                                     14          67.72         52.03


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                 87
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Consolidated Statement of
Financial Position
As at 31 December 2021


                                                                                    2021         2020
                                                                        Notes     HK$’000      HK$’000


Non-current assets
  Property, plant and equipment                                          16      3,409,183    3,033,216
  Right-of-use assets                                                    17        392,528      377,113
  Investment properties                                                  18        167,151      132,696
  Interests in associates                                                20      8,066,669    6,133,066
  Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income    30        145,685      171,164
  Loan receivables                                                       19              –      113,959
  Goodwill                                                               21        596,746      505,574
  Intangible assets                                                      23      1,009,764      881,843
  Deferred tax assets                                                    24         24,608       25,162
  Prepayments                                                            25        466,107      291,594

                                                                                14,278,441   11,665,387

Current assets
  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  26      1,112,968      520,767
  Inventories                                                            27      1,117,156      955,314
  Trade and other receivables                                            28      2,661,450    1,894,160
  Loan receivables                                                       19        113,190       45,676
  Amounts due from related companies                                     34         13,320       35,436
  Pledged bank deposits                                                  29          7,645       30,910
  Cash and cash equivalents                                              29      1,752,860    1,836,695

                                                                                 6,778,589    5,318,958

Current liabilities
  Trade and other payables                                               31      2,871,759    2,139,452
  Contract liabilities                                                   31        202,106      269,049
  Bank and other borrowings                                              32      2,116,471    1,568,454
  Lease liabilities                                                      33          5,728        6,200
  Amounts due to related companies                                       34          4,831       57,575
  Amount due to the immediate holding company                            36          2,331        2,331
  Derivative financial instrument                                        39          8,350            –
  Income tax payable                                                               354,549      259,866

                                                                                 5,566,125    4,302,927

Net current assets                                                               1,212,464    1,016,031

Total assets less current liabilities                                           15,490,905   12,681,418




88
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Consolidated Statement of
Financial Position
As at 31 December 2021


                                                                                                    2021                2020
                                                                                 Notes            HK$’000             HK$’000


Non-current liabilities
  Bank and other borrowings                                                        32           1,510,070             798,562
  Lease liabilities                                                                33              13,306              15,162
  Deferred tax liabilities                                                         35             197,849             181,879
  Deferred income                                                                  37             326,818             341,606

                                                                                                2,048,043            1,337,209

Net assets                                                                                     13,442,862           11,344,209

Capital and reserves attributable to owners of the Company
  Share capital                                                                    38              35,496               35,496
  Reserves                                                                                     13,357,135           11,204,008

Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                   13,392,631           11,239,504
Non-controlling interests                                                                          50,231              104,705

Total equity                                                                                   13,442,862           11,344,209


The consolidated financial statements on pages 87 to 204 were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors of the
Company on 17 March 2022 and are signed on its behalf by:




                         Tang Wei Kun                                                      Shao Yan
                            Director                                                        Director

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                            89
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Consolidated Statement of
Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2021

                                                                                                       Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                                                                                  Total equity
                                                                                                                                                                                  attributable
                                                                           Contribution                    Safety                                                                   to owners         Non-
                                                      Share       Share         surplus   Statutory          fund Translation          Other     FVTOCI     Treasury     Retained        of the controlling
                                                     capital   premium          reserve     reserve       reserve     reserve        reserve     reserve      shares       profits Company        interests         Total
                                                     HK$’000    HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000
                                                                                            (Note a)      (Note b)                   (Note c)                (Note d)


As at 1 January 2020                                  33,776   5,511,107        121,273     403,510        28,825      (207,894)      (98,504)     1,038            –    2,582,136     8,375,267    135,740      8,511,007

Profit for the year                                       –           –              –            –             –             –             –          –            –    1,792,661     1,792,661     (11,452)    1,781,209
Other comprehensive loss for the year,
  net of income tax
Change in fair value of FATOCI                            –           –              –            –             –             –             –    (15,602)           –            –       (15,602)          –       (15,602)
Share of other comprehensive income of
  associates                                              –           –              –            –             –             –             –     26,435            –            –       26,435            –       26,435
Exchange difference on translation of
  foreign operations                                      –           –              –            –             –       370,938             –          –            –            –      370,938      (14,336)     356,602

Total comprehensive income for the year                    –           –             –            –             –       370,938            –      10,833            –    1,792,661     2,174,432     (25,788)    2,148,644
Issued under subscription, net                         1,720   1,011,942             –            –             –             –            –           –            –            –     1,013,662           –     1,013,662
Acquisition of additional interest in a subsidiary         –           –             –            –             –             –          388           –            –            –           388           –           388
Dividend paid                                              –           –             –            –             –             –            –           –            –     (324,245)     (324,245)     (5,247)     (329,492)
Transfer                                                   –           –             –       76,172             –             –            –           –            –      (76,172)            –           –             –

As at 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021             35,496   6,523,049        121,273     479,682        28,825       163,044       (98,116)    11,871            –    3,974,380    11,239,504    104,705     11,344,209

Profit for the year                                       –           –              –            –             –             –             –          –            –    2,402,563     2,402,563      2,469      2,405,032
Other comprehensive loss for the year,
  net of income tax
Change in fair value of FATOCI                            –           –              –            –             –             –             –     28,641            –            –       28,641            –       28,641
Share of other comprehensive income of
  associates                                              –           –              –            –             –             –             –    (12,047)           –            –       (12,047)          –       (12,047)
Exchange difference on translation of
  foreign operations                                      –           –              –            –             –       276,912             –          –            –            –      276,912       (2,817)     274,095

Total comprehensive income for the year                   –           –              –            –             –       276,912             –     16,594            –    2,402,563     2,696,069       (348)     2,695,721

Transfer of FVTOCI reserve to retained earning
   upon disposal                                          –           –              –            –             –             –            –     (25,419)           –            –       (25,419)         –        (25,419)
Purchase of treasury shares                               –           –              –            –             –             –            –           –     (143,503)           –      (143,503)         –       (143,503)
Capital contribution from non-controlling interest        –           –              –            –             –             –          300           –            –            –           300     17,594         17,894
Acquisition of subsidiary                                 –           –              –            –             –             –            –           –            –            –             –     16,659         16,659
Acquisition of additional interest in a subsidiary
   (Note 22)                                              –           –              –            –             –             –        16,130          –            –            –        16,130     (79,150)      (63,020)
Dividend paid                                             –           –              –            –             –             –             –          –            –     (390,450)     (390,450)     (9,229)     (399,679)
Transfer                                                  –           –              –       65,392             –             –             –          –            –      (65,392)            –           –             –

As at 31 December 2021                                35,496   6,523,049        121,273     545,074        28,825       439,956       (81,686)     3,046     (143,503)   5,921,101    13,392,631     50,231     13,442,862




90
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Consolidated Statement of
Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2021

Notes:

a.       Each of the Company’s the PRC subsidiary’s Articles of association requires the appropriation of 10% of its profit after tax determined under the
         relevant accounting principles and financial regulations applicable to companies established in the PRC each year to the statutory reserve until the
         balance reaches 50% of the share capital. The statutory reserve shall only be used for making up losses, capitalisation into share capital and expansion
         of the production and operation.

b.       According to document (Cai Qi 2006 No. 478), entities involved in mining, construction, production of dangerous goods and land transport are
         required to transfer an amount at fixed rates on production volume or operating revenue as safety fund reserve. The safety fund is for future
         enhancement of safety production environment and improvement of facilities and is not available for distribution to shareholders.

c.       Other reserve represents the difference between the consideration paid to or received from non-controlling interests for acquisition of additional
         equity interest or additional capital injection in a subsidiary without the overall change in the control in that subsidiary and the carrying amount of
         share of net assets being acquired or disposed.

d.       Where any Group’s entity purchases the Group’s equity share capital (treasury shares), the consideration paid, including any directly attributable
         incremental costs (net of income taxes), is deducted from equity attributable to the Group’s equity owners. Where such shares are subsequently
         reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly attributable incremental transaction costs and the related income tax effects, is included in
         equity attributable to the Group’s equity owners. As at 31 December 2021, the Company held 22,430,500 treasury shares and the aggregate price of
         the purchased shares was deducted from equity as “Treasury shares reserve” for an amount of HK$143,503,000.


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                             91
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Consolidated Statement of
Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2021


                                                                                             2021         2020
                                                                                  Notes    HK$’000      HK$’000


Operating activities
Profit before tax                                                                         2,785,832    2,073,583
Adjustments for:
  Amortisation of intangible assets                                                23       17,024       11,660
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                    16      305,504      259,821
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                              17       16,991       15,580
  Finance costs                                                                    10       92,964      115,421
  Recognition of government grant                                                  37      (41,151)    (163,504)
  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                12        3,920        3,587
  Write-off of property, plant and equipment                                       12       31,087        7,009
  Impairment loss on inventories                                                   12        1,042        8,165
  Allowance for expected credit loss recognised in respect of                      12
   trade and other receivables                                                              11,774         9,888
  (Reversal of)/allowance for expected credit loss recognised                      12
   in respect of loan receivables                                                               (32)        827
  (Reversal of)/allowance for expected credit loss recognised in respect of        12
   amounts due from related companies                                                       (11,389)      7,090
  Fair value gain on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, net    9       (483,681)   (264,972)
  Fair value change on derivative financial instrument                                        8,350           –
  Interest income                                                                  8         (9,633)    (18,046)
  Share of results of associates                                                           (113,862)    (61,979)
  Gain on sales and lease back transaction, net                                     8        (2,372)     (8,576)
  Net gain in fair value of investment properties                                 8, 18     (29,575)    (45,648)
  Investment income from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss      9        (1,167)     (6,437)

Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                                  2,581,626    1,943,469
 Increase in inventories                                                                   (118,735)    (100,962)
 Increase in trade and other receivables                                                   (701,648)    (122,231)
 Increase in trade and other payables                                                       605,500        2,489
 Decrease in amounts due from related companies                                              34,105        8,771
 (Decrease)/Increase in amounts due to related companies                                    (53,771)      21,288
 Decrease in contract liabilities                                                           (74,633)     (51,817)
 Increase in deferred incomes                                                                10,548       14,853

Cash generated from operations                                                            2,282,992    1,715,860
  Income tax paid                                                                          (277,317)    (259,914)

Net cash generated from operating activities                                              2,005,675    1,455,946




92
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Consolidated Statement of
Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2021


                                                                                                2021          2020
                                                                                    Notes     HK$’000       HK$’000


Investing activities
  Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                          16      (471,570)     (209,011)
  Purchase of intangible asset                                                       23       (64,797)      (49,560)
  Payments of right-of-use assets                                                                   –       (20,029)
  Acquisition of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                       (148,023)     (193,762)
  Acquisition of financial assets at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                                                                  (56,083)     (86,110)
  Decrease/(Increase) in loan receivables                                                       46,477     (160,462)
  Addition of investments in associates                                                     (1,201,426)    (911,479)
  Dividends received from an associate                                               20        198,753      410,967
  Advances from associates                                                                      97,912       21,630
  Repayment of advances from associates                                                        (13,751)    (256,469)
  Withdrawal of pledged bank deposits                                                           23,898       92,520
  Increase in non-current prepayments                                                          (91,027)    (188,649)
  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                       23,789        1,531
  Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                    –       11,237
  Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                                                                 121,482             –
  Interest income received                                                           8          9,633        18,046
  Investment income from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss       9          1,167         6,437
  Net cash outflow from acquisition of subsidiaries                                          (141,808)            –
  Net cash outflow from acquisition of subsidiaries that are
   not constitute business                                                                   (103,605)             –

Net cash used in investing activities                                                       (1,768,979)   (1,513,163)

Financing activities
  Acquisition of partial interest of a subsidiary                                              (63,020)      (10,102)
  Capital contribution from non-controlling interests                                           17,894             –
  Net proceed from issue of new shares from subscription                                             –     1,013,662
  Purchase of shares for share award scheme                                                   (143,503)            –
  Increase in non-current prepayments                                                          (11,497)            –
  Repayments of bank and other borrowings                                                   (1,615,733)   (1,900,619)
  Repayments of lease liabilities                                                               (5,705)      (24,427)
  Interest paid                                                                                (92,964)     (115,421)
  Proceed from new bank and other borrowings                                                 1,981,036     2,141,875
  Repayment to an immediate holding company                                                          –        (1,207)
  Dividend paid                                                                               (390,450)     (324,245)
  Dividends paid to non-controlling interest                                                    (9,229)       (5,247)

Net cash (used in)/generated from financing activities                                       (333,171)      774,269

Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                          (96,475)      717,052
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year                                          1,836,695     1,059,269
  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                      12,640        60,374

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                 1,752,860     1,836,695

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

                                                                                                                  93
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

1.   GENERAL INFORMATION
     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited (formerly known as China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited) (the
     “Company”) is incorporated in Bermuda on 18 October 1995 as an exempted company under the Companies Act 1981 of
     Bermuda with its shares listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) since 19 December
     1995. The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in “Corporate
     information” section of the annual report.

     The Company and its subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Group”) are principally engaged in the
     manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical preparations and medical devices, bio-technology products and health products,
     specialised pharmaceutical raw materials and other products, in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

     The directors consider that Outwit Investments Limited (“Outwit”) is the parent company of the Company and China Grand
     Enterprises Incorporation is the ultimate holding company of the Company. The ultimate controlling party is Mr. Hu Kaijun.

     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), which is the same as functional currency
     of the Company, and the functional currency of the most of the subsidiaries in Renminbi (“RMB”). The board of directors
     considered that it is more appropriate to present the consolidated financial statements in HK$ as the shares of the Company
     are listed on the Stock Exchange. The consolidated financial statements are presented in thousands of units of HK$
     (HK$’000), unless otherwise stated.

2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING
     STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”)
     Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
     In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by Hong Kong Institute of Certified
     Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”) for the first time in the current year:

     Amendments to HKFRS 16                        Covid-19 Related Rent Concessions
     Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39,               Interest Rate Benchmark Reform — Phase 2
      HKFRS 7, HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16

     Except as described as below, the application of the amendments to HKFRSs in the current year has had no material impact
     on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these
     consolidated financial statements.




94
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING
     STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”) (Continued)
     Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
     (Continued)

     Impacts on application of Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16 “Interest Rate
     Benchmark Reform — Phase 2”

     The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. The amendments relate to changes in the basis
     for determining the contractual cash flows of financial assets, financial liabilities and lease liabilities as a result of interest rate
     benchmark reform, specific hedge accounting requirements and the related disclosure requirements applying HKFRS 7
     Financial Instruments: Disclosures (“HKFRS 7”).

     As at 1 January 2021, the Group has several interest-bearing bank loans denominated in Hong Kong dollars on the Hong
     Kong Interbank Offered Rate (“HIBOR”) and variable interest bearing borrowings reference to 6 months USD London
     Interbank Offered Rate (“USD LIBOR”), the interests of which are indexed to benchmark rates that may be subject to interest
     rate benchmark reform. As at reporting date, the relevant counterparties have no intention to change the interest rate
     benchmark in the interest-bearing bank loans. The transition is subjected to the negotiation between the Groups and the
     relevant counterparties.

     The amendments have had no impact on the consolidated financial statements as none of the relevant contracts has been
     transitioned to the relevant replacement rates during the year. The Group will apply the practical expedient in relation to
     the changes in contractual cash flows resulting from the interest rate benchmark reform for interest-bearing bank loans
     measured at amortised cost.

     New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective
     The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet
     effective:

     HKFRS 17                                              Insurance Contracts and the related Amendments3
     Amendments to HKFRS 3                                 Reference to the Conceptual Framework2
     Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                    Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or
                                                              Joint Venture4
     Amendment to HKFRS 16                                 Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 20211
     Amendments to HKAS 1                                  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and related amendments
                                                              to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)3
     Amendments to HKAS 1 and                              Disclosure of Accounting Policies3
       HKFRS Practice Statement 2
     Amendments to HKAS 8                                  Definition of Accounting Estimates3
     Amendments to HKAS 12                                 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction3
     Amendments to HKAS 16                                 Property, Plant and Equipment — Proceeds before Intended Use2
     Amendments to HKAS 37                                 Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a Contract2
     Amendments to HKFRSs                                  Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018–20202
     Accounting Guideline 5 (Revised)                      Merger Accounting for Common Control Combination2

     1
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 April 2021.
     2
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022.
     3
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.
     4
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.


     The directors of the Group anticipate that the application of all other new and amendments to HKFRSs will have no material
     impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.

                                                                                                                                         95
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     Basis of preparation
     The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below.
     These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.

     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable HKFRSs, which is a collective
     term that includes all applicable individual HKFRSs, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”), and Interpretations issued
     by the HKICPA and accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong. For the purpose of preparation of the
     consolidation financial statements, information is considered material if such information is reasonably expected to
     influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures
     required by Listing Rules and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for certain properties and
     financial instruments, which are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting
     policies set out below.

     Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.

     Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
     market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using
     another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the
     characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the
     asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated
     financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope
     of HKFRS 2 Share-based Payment, leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 16, and
     measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in HKAS 2
     Inventories or value in use in HKAS 36 Impairment of Assets.

     In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on the
     degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value
     measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

     •     Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can
           access at the measurement date;

     •     Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability,
           either directly or indirectly; and

     •     Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.




96
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     The principal accounting policies are set out below:

     Basis of consolidation
     The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled by the
     Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

     •     has power over the investee;

     •     is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

     •     has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

     The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to
     one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

     When the Group has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the investee when the voting
     rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee unilaterally. The Group
     considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether or not the Group’s voting rights in an investee are
     sufficient to give it power, including:

     •     the size of the Group’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the other vote holders;

     •     potential voting rights held by the Group, other vote holders or other parties;

     •     rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

     •     any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Group has, or does not have, the current ability to direct
           the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, including voting patterns at previous patterns at
           previous shareholders’ meetings.

     Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses
     control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are
     included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains
     control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

     Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and to the
     non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the Company and to
     the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

     When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies into line
     with the Group’s accounting policies.

     All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of
     the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

     Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which represent present
     ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon
     liquidation.




                                                                                                                                  97
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Changes in the Group’s interests in existing subsidiaries
     Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the subsidiaries are
     accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant components of equity and the non-
     controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries, including re-attribution
     of relevant reserves between the Group and the non-controlling interests according to the Group’s and the non-controlling
     interests’ proportionate interests.

     Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the fair value of the
     consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.

     When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the assets and liabilities of that subsidiary and non-controlling interests (if any)
     are derecognised. A gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss and is calculated as the difference between (i) the aggregate
     of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value of any retained interest and (ii) the carrying amount of the
     assets (including goodwill), and liabilities of the subsidiary attributable to the owners of the Company and any non-
     controlling interests. All amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary are
     accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities of the subsidiary (i.e. reclassified to
     profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specific/permitted by applicable HKFRSs). The fair value of any
     investment retained in the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is regarded as the fair value on initial
     recognition for subsequent accounting under HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments (“HKFRS 9”), when applicable, the cost on initial
     recognition of an investment in an associate or a joint venture.

     Optional concentration test
     The Group can elect to apply an optional concentration test, on a transaction-by-transaction basis, that permits a simplified
     assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not a business. The concentration test is met if substantially
     all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable
     assets. The gross assets under assessment exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred tax assets, and goodwill resulting
     from the effects of deferred tax liabilities. If the concentration test is met, the set of activities and assets is determined not to
     be a business and no further assessment is needed.




98
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Business combination
     Acquisitions of businesses, other than business combination under common control are accounted for using the acquisition
     method. The consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of
     the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners
     of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related
     costs are generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

     Except for certain recognition exemptions, the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed must meet the definitions
     of an asset and a liability in the Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements (replaced by the
     Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting issued in October 2010).

     At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair value, except
     that:

     •     deferred tax assets or liabilities and liabilities or assets related to employee benefit arrangements are recognised and
           measured in accordance with HKAS 12 Income Taxes and HKAS 19 Employee Benefits respectively;

     •     liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or share-based payment
           arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree are measured
           in accordance with HKFRS 2 Share-based Payment at the acquisition date (see the accounting policy below);

     •     assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with HKFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for
           Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that standard; and

     •     lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments (as defined in
           HKFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except for leases for which (a) the lease
           term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the underlying asset is of low value. Right-of-use assets are
           recognised and measured at the same amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or
           unfavourable terms of the lease when compared with market terms.

     Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests
     in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any) over the net of the
     acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. If, after re-assessment, the net of the
     acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration
     transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held
     interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.

     Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of the
     relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation may be initially measured either at fair value or at the
     non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets or fair
     value. The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis. Other types of non-controlling
     interests are measured at their fair value.




                                                                                                                                   99
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      Business combination (Continued)
      When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes a contingent consideration
      arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its acquisition-date fair value and included as part of the
      consideration transferred in a business combination. Changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration that qualify
      as measurement period adjustments are adjusted retrospectively. Measurement period adjustments are adjustments that
      arise from additional information obtained during the “measurement period” (which cannot exceed one year from the
      acquisition date) about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.

      The subsequent accounting for the contingent consideration that do not qualify as measurement period adjustments
      depends on how the contingent consideration is classified. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not
      remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity. Contingent
      consideration that is classified as an asset or a liability is remeasured to fair value at subsequent reporting dates with the
      corresponding gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss.

      When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree is
      remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date when the Group obtains control), and the resulting gain or loss,
      if any, is recognised in profit or loss or other comprehensive income, as appropriate. Amounts arising from interests in the
      acquiree prior to the acquisition date that have previously been recognised in other comprehensive income and measured
      under HKFRS 9 would be accounted for on the same basis as would be required if the Group had disposed directly of the
      previously held equity interest.

      If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the
      combination occurs, the Group reports provisional amounts for the items for which the accounting is incomplete. Those
      provisional amounts are adjusted retrospectively during the measurement period (see above), and additional assets or
      liabilities are recognised, to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the
      acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the amounts recognised as of that date.

      Acquisition of a subsidiary not constituting a business
      When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a business, the Group identifies and
      recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating the purchase price first to right-of-
      use assets, intangible assets and property, plant and equipment which are subsequently measured under fair value model
      and financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective fair values, the remaining balance of the purchase price is then
      allocated to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis of their relative fair values at the date of purchase. Such a
      transaction does not give rise to goodwill or bargain purchase gain.




100
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Goodwill
     Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of the acquisition of the business
     (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

     For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the relevant cash-generating units (or groups of
     cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, which represent the lowest level
     at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

     A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment
     annually, or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition
     in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is
     tested for impairment before the end of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the
     impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro-rata
     basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of cash- generating units). Any impairment loss for
     goodwill is recognised directly in profit or loss. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in subsequent
     periods.

     On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group of cash-generating
     units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount of profit or loss on disposal. When
     the Group disposes of an operation within the cash-generating unit (or a cash-generating unit within a group of cash-
     generating units), the amount of goodwill disposed of is measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation (or
     the cash-generating unit) disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit (or the group of cash-generating units)
     retained.

     The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate is described below.

     Investments in associates
     An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence and that is neither a subsidiary nor an interest in a
     joint venture. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee
     but is not control or joint control over those policies.

     The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in these consolidated financial statements using the
     equity method of accounting. The financial statements of associates used for equity accounting purposes are prepared
     using uniform accounting policies as those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances. The
     associate uses accounting policies that differ from those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar
     circumstances. Appropriate adjustments have been made to conform the associate’s and the joint venture’s accounting
     policies to those of the Group. Under the equity method, an investment in associates is initially recognised in the
     consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the profit or
     loss and other comprehensive income of the associates. When the Group’s share of losses of an associate equals or exceeds
     its interest in that associate (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net
     investment in the associate), the Group discontinues recognising its share of further losses. Additional losses are recognised
     only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of that
     associate.




                                                                                                                                 101
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      Investments in associates (Continued)
      An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the investee becomes an
      associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share
      of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within
      the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and
      liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediate in profit or loss in the period in which
      the investment is acquired.

      Any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and
      contingent liabilities of the associate recognised at the date of acquisition is recognised as goodwill, which is included
      within the carrying amount of the investment.

      The requirements of HKAS 28 and HKFRS 9 are applied to determine whether it is necessary to recognise any impairment
      loss with respect to the Group’s investment in an associate. When necessary, the entire carrying amount of the investment
      (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with HKAS 36 Impairment of Assets as a single asset by
      comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs to sell) with its carrying amount. Any
      impairment loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that any impairment loss recognised is not
      allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that
      impairment loss is recognised in accordance with HKAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment
      subsequently increases.

      The Group discontinues the use of the equity method from the date when the investment ceases to be an associate, or
      when the investment is classified as held for sales. When the Group retains an interest in the former associate and the
      retained interest is a financial asset, the Group measures the retained interest at fair value at that date and the fair value is
      regarded as its fair value on initial recognition in accordance with HKFRS 9. The difference between the carrying amount of
      the associate at the date the equity method was discontinued, and the carrying amount of any retained interest and any
      proceeds from disposing of a part interest in the associate is included in the determination of the gain or loss on disposal of
      the associate. In addition, the Group accounts for all amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in
      relation to that associate on the same basis as would be required if that associate or joint venture had directly disposed of
      the related assets or liabilities. Therefore, if a gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income by that
      associate would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities, the Group reclassifies the
      gain or loss from equity to profit or loss (as a reclassification adjustment) when the equity method is discontinued.

      The Group continues to use the equity method when an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint
      venture or an investment in a joint venture becomes an investment in an associate. There is no remeasurement to fair value
      upon such change in ownership interests.

      When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate but the Group continues to use the equity method, the
      Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or loss that had previously been recognised in other
      comprehensive income relating to that reduction in ownership interest if that gain or loss would be reclassified to profit or
      loss on the disposal of related assets or liabilities.

      When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the transactions with the
      associate are recognised in the Group’s consolidated financial statements only to the extent of interests in the associate that
      are not related to the Group.




102
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Revenue recognition
     Revenue from contracts with customers

     The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of the goods or services
     underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

     A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series of distinct
     goods or services that are substantially the same.

     Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete
     satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

     •     the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the Group
           performs;

     •     the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or

     •     the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an
           enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

     Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or service.

     A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has
     transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in accordance with HKFRS 9. In contrast,
     a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before
     payment of that consideration is due.

     A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has
     received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

     A contract asset and a contract liability relating to a contract are accounted for an presented on a net basis.

     For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations, the Group allocates the transaction price to each
     performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis.

     Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. Revenue represents amounts receivable
     for goods sold in the normal course of business, net of discounts and sales related taxes.




                                                                                                                                 103
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      Sale of goods
      Revenue from manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical preparations and medical devices, sales of biotechnology products
      and nutrition products and sales of specialised pharmaceutical raw materials and other products are recognised at point in
      time when carrier designated by the customer, or after the customer’s acceptance or after control transfer to customer. The
      credit period granted to customers by the Group is determined based on the characteristics of customers’ credit risk, which
      is consistent with industry practice and there is no significant financing component. The Group’s obligations to transfer
      goods to customers for consideration received or receivable from customers are shown as contract liabilities.

      Dividend income
      Dividend income from investments is recognised at point in time when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been
      established (provided that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Group and the amount of revenue can
      be measured reliably).

      Interest income
      Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset except
      for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit impaired financial assets, the effective interest rate
      is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after deduction of the loss allowance). Interest income is
      presented as “interest income” where it is mainly earned from financial assets that are held for cash management purposes.

      Rental income
      The Group’s accounting policy for recognition of revenue from operating leases is described in the accounting policy below.

      Leasing
      Definition of a lease

      A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time
      in exchange for consideration.

      For contracts entered into or modified on or after date of initial application of HKFRS 16 or arising from business
      combinations, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under HKFRS 16 at
      inception, modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and
      conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.




104
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Leasing (Continued)
     The Group as a lessee

     Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

     For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the Group
     allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the
     lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

     The Group also applies practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease component, and instead
     account for the lease component and any associated non-lease components as a single lease component.

     Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

     The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of office premises that have a lease term of 12
     months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also applies the recognition
     exemption for lease of low-value assets. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised
     as expense on a straight-line basis or another systematic basis over the lease term.

     Right-of-use assets

     The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

     •     the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

     •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;

     •     any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

     •     an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets, restoring the site
           on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the
           lease.

     Except for those that are classified as investment properties and measured under fair value model, right-of-use assets are
     measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease
     liabilities.

     Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased assets at the end
     of the lease term are depreciated from the commencement date to the end of the useful life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets
     are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and lease term.

     The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.




                                                                                                                            105
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      Leasing (Continued)
      The Group as a lessee (Continued)

      Refundable rental deposits

      Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments to fair value
      at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

      Lease liabilities

      At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the present value of lease
      payments that are unpaid at the date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental
      borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

      The lease payments included:

      •     fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;

      •     variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate, initially measured using the index or rate at the
            commencement date;

      •     the amount expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees;

      •     the exercise price of a purchase options, if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise the options; and

      •     payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising an option to terminate
            the lease.

      After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

      The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use assets) whenever:

      •     the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option, in which case the
            related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the
            date of reassessment.

      •     the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review/expected payment
            under a guaranteed residual value, in which cases the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised
            lease payments using the initial discount rate.

      The Group presents the lease liabilities is presented as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
      position.




106
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Leasing (Continued)
     The Group as a lessee (Continued)

     Lease modifications

     The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

     •     the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying assets; and

     •     the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price for the increase in
           scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the circumstances of the particular
           contract.

     For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability based on the
     lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective
     date of the modification.

     The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to the relevant right-
     of-use asset. When the modified contract contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease
     components, the Group allocates the consideration in the modified contract to each lease component on the basis of the
     relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

     The Group as a lessor

     Classification and measurement of leases

     Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. Whenever the terms of the lease transfer
     substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to the lessee, the contract is classified
     as a finance lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases.

     Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognised as receivables at commencement date at amounts equal to
     net investments in the leases, measured using the interest rate implicit in the respective leases. Initial direct costs (other
     than those incurred by manufacturer or dealer lessors) are included in the initial measurement of the net investments in the
     leases. Interest income is allocated to accounting periods so as to reflect a constant periodic rate of return on the Group’s
     net investment outstanding in respect of the leases.

     Rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease.
     Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased
     asset, and such costs are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term except for investment
     properties measured under fair value model. Variable lease payments for operating leases that depend on an index or a rate
     are estimated and included in the total lease payments to be recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Variable
     lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income when they arise. When a lease contract
     contains a specific clause that provides for rent reduction or suspension of rent in the event that the underlying assets (or
     any part thereof) are affected by adverse events beyond the control of the Group and the lessee so as to render the
     underlying assets unfit or not available for use, the relevant rent reduction or suspension of rent resulting from the specific
     clause is accounted for as part of the original lease and not as a lease modification. Such rent reduction or suspension of
     rent is recognised in profit or loss in the period in which the event or condition that triggers those payments to occur.




                                                                                                                                107
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      Leasing (Continued)
      The Group as a lessor (Continued)

      Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

      When a contract includes both leases and non-lease components, the Group applies HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with
      Customers (“HKFRS 15”) to allocate consideration in a contract to lease and non-lease components. Non-lease components
      are separated from lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone selling prices.

      Refundable rental deposits

      Refundable rental deposits received are accounted for under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments to fair
      value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments from lessees.

      Sublease

      When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for the head lease and the sublease as two separate contracts. The
      sublease is classified as a finance or operating lease by reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease, not
      with reference to the underlying asset.

      Lease modification

      Changes in considerations of lease contracts that were not part of the original terms and conditions are accounted for as
      lease modifications, including lease incentives provided through forgiveness or reduction of rentals. The Group accounts for
      a modification to an operating lease as a new lease from the effective date of the modification, considering any prepaid or
      accrued lease payments relating to the original lease as part of the lease payments for the new lease.

      Foreign currencies
      In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the entity’s
      functional currency (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchange prevailing at the dates of the transactions.
      At the end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing
      at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates
      prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical
      cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

      Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items, are
      recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise, except for exchange differences on monetary items receivable
      from or payable to a foreign operation for which settlement is neither planned nor likely to occur (therefore forming part of
      the net investment in the foreign operation), which are recognised initially in other comprehensive income and reclassified
      from equity to profit or loss on disposal or partial disposal of the Group’s interests in associates.

      For the purpose of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s operations are
      translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. HK$) using exchange rate prevailing at the end of each reporting
      period. Income and expenses items are translated at the average exchange rates at the date of transactions are used.
      Exchange difference arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the
      heading of translation reserve.




108
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Foreign currencies (Continued)
     On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in a foreign operation, or a disposal
     involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, or a partial disposal of an interest in a joint
     arrangement or an associate that includes a foreign operation of which the retained interest becomes a financial asset), all
     of the exchange differences accumulated in equity in respect of that operation attributable to the owners of the Company
     are reclassified to profit or loss.

     In addition, in relation to a partial disposal of a subsidiary that does not result in the Group losing control over the subsidiary,
     the proportionate share of accumulated exchange differences are re-attributed to non-controlling interests and are not
     recognised in profit or loss. For all other partial disposals (i.e. partial disposals of associates or joint arrangements that do not
     result in the Group losing significant influence or joint control), the proportionate share of the accumulated exchange
     differences is reclassified to profit or loss.

     Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an acquisition of a foreign operation are
     treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at the rate of exchange prevailing at the end of each
     reporting period. Exchange differences arising are recognised in other comprehensive income.

     Borrowing costs
     All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

     Government grants
     Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions
     attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

     Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group recognises as
     expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Specifically, government grants whose primary
     condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire non-current assets are recognised as deferred
     income in the consolidated statement of financial position and transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis
     over the useful lives of the related assets.

     Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the
     purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised in profit or loss in
     the period in which they become receivable. Such grants are presented under “other revenue and income”.

     The benefit of a government loan at a below-market rate of interest is treated as a government grant, measured as the
     difference between proceeds received and the fair value of the loan based on prevailing market interest rates.




                                                                                                                                    109
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      Taxation
      Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

      Current tax

      The tax currently payable is based on the taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit/(loss) before tax
      because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable or deductible.
      The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end
      of the reporting period.

      Deferred tax

      Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the
      consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax base used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax
      liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all
      deductible temporary difference to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those
      deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary
      difference arises from goodwill or from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities
      in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not
      recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.

      Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and
      associates, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the
      temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary
      differences associated with such investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is probably that there
      will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to
      reverse in the foreseeable future.

      The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it
      is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the liability
      is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the
      end of the reporting period.

      The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in
      which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and
      liabilities.

      For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for investment properties that are measured using the fair value model, the
      carrying amounts of such properties are presumed to be recovered entirely through sale, unless the presumption is
      rebutted. The presumption objective is to consume substantially all of the economic benefits embodied in the investment
      property over time, rather than through sale except for freehold land, which is always presumed to be recovered entirely
      through sales.




110
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Taxation (Continued)
     Deferred tax (Continued)

     For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies HKAS 12
     Income Taxes requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately. Temporary differences on initial recognition
     of the relevant right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are not recognised due to application of the initial recognition
     exemption. Temporary differences arising from subsequent revision to the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets and lease
     liabilities, resulting from remeasurement of lease liabilities and lease modifications, that are not subject to initial recognition
     exemption are recognised on the date of remeasurement or modification.

     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against
     current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

     Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised in other
     comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the current and deferred tax are also recognised in other
     comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting
     for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.

     In assessing any uncertainty over income tax treatments, the Group considers whether it is probable that the relevant tax
     authority will accept the uncertain tax treatment used, or proposed to be use by individual group entities in their income
     tax filings. If it is probable, the current and deferred taxes are determined consistently with the tax treatment in the income
     tax filings. If it is not probable that the relevant taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment, the effect of each
     uncertainty is reflected by using either the most likely amount or the expected value.

     Property, plant and equipment
     Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of goods or services, or
     for administrative purposes (other than freehold lands and construction in progress). Property, plant and equipment are
     stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and
     accumulated impairment losses, if any.

     Properties in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are carried at cost, less any
     recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition
     necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management and, for qualifying assets, borrowing
     costs capitalised in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other
     property assets, commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.




                                                                                                                                    111
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      Ownership interests in leasehold land and building
      When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which includes both leasehold land and building
      elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the building elements in proportion to the
      relative fair values at initial recognition. To the extent the allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably, interest
      in leasehold land is presented as “right-of-use assets” in the consolidated statement of financial position except for those
      that are classified and accounted for as investment properties under the fair value model. When the consideration cannot
      be allocated reliably between non-lease building element and undivided interest in the underlying leasehold land, the
      entire properties are classified as property, plant and equipment.

      Construction in progress includes property, plant and equipment in the course of construction for production or for its own
      use purposes. Construction in progress is carried at cost less any recognised impairment loss. Construction in progress is
      classified to the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for intended use.
      Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets are ready for their
      intended use.

      Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment other than allocated land
      and construction in progress over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives,
      residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in
      estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

      An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected
      to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property,
      plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and
      is recognised in profit or loss.

      Investment properties
      Investment properties are properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation. On initial recognition, investment
      properties are measured at cost including any directly attributable expenditure. Subsequent to initial recognition,
      investment properties are measured at fair value. Gain and losses arising from changes in the fair value of investment
      property are included in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

      Investment properties also include leased properties which are being recognised as right-of-use assets upon application of
      HKFRS 16 and subleased by the Group under operating leases.

      Investment properties under construction are accounted for in the same way as completed investment properties.
      Specifically, construction costs incurred for investment properties under construction are capitalised as part of the carrying
      amount of the investment properties under construction. Investment properties under construction are measured at fair
      value at the end of the reporting period. Any difference between the fair value of the investment properties under
      construction and their carrying amounts is recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.




112
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Investment properties (Continued)
     An investment property is derecognised upon disposal or when the investment property is permanently withdrawn from
     use and no future economic benefits are expected from its disposals. A leased property which is recognised as a right-of-use
     asset is derecognised if the Group as intermediate lessor classifies the sublease as a finance lease. Any gain or loss arising on
     derecognition of the property (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of
     the asset) is included in profit or loss in the period which the property is derecognised.

     If an investment property become a stock of properties because its use has changed as evidenced by the commencement
     of development with view to sale, any difference the carrying amount and the fair value of the property at the date of
     transfer is recognised in profit or loss. Subsequent to the changes, the property is stated at lower of deemed cost, equivalent
     to the fair value at the date of transfer, and net realisable value.

     Intangible assets
     Intangible assets acquired separately

     Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less accumulated amortisation and
     any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The
     estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any
     changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are
     acquired separately are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

     Research and development expenditure

     Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

     An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development phase of an internal
     project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:

     •     the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;

     •     the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

     •     the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;

     •     how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;

     •     the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use or sell
           the intangible asset; and

     •     the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development.

     The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible assets is the sum of the expenditure incurred from the
     date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no internally-generated intangible
     asset can be recognised, development expenditure is recognised in profit or loss in period in which it is incurred.

     Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less accumulated amortisation
     and accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately.



                                                                                                                                 113
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      Intangible assets acquired in a business combination
      Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and are initially recognised at
      their fair values at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

      Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination are reported at cost less
      accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired
      separately. Intangible assets acquired in a business combination with indefinite useful lives are carried at cost less any
      subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

      An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from use or disposal.
      Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the difference between the net disposal
      proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.

      Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
      assets other than goodwill
      At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and equipment, right-of-
      use assets, intangible assets with finite useful lives to determine whether there is any indication that these assets have
      suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order
      to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and intangible assets not
      yet available for use are tested for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an indication that they may be
      impaired.

      The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, and intangible assets are estimated
      individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group estimates the recoverable
      amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

      In addition, the Group assesses whether there is indication that corporate assets may be impaired. If such indication exists,
      corporate assets are also allocated to individual cash-generating units, when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation
      can be identified, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable and
      consistent allocation basis can be identified.

      Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated
      future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments
      of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a cash-generating unit) for which the estimates of future
      cash flows have not been adjusted.




114
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
     assets other than goodwill (Continued)
     If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the
     carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. For corporate assets or
     portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis to a cash-generating unit, the
     Group compares the carrying amount of a group of cash-generating units, including the carrying amounts of the corporate
     assets or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group of cash-generating units, with the recoverable amount of the
     group of cash-generating units. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the
     carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying
     amount of each asset in the unit or the group of cash-generating units. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced
     below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The
     amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro-rata to the other
     assets of the unit or the group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss,
     unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount under another standard, in which case the impairment loss is
     treated as a revaluation decrease under that standard.

     Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit or a group of
     cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying
     amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised
     for the asset (or a cash-generating unit or a group of cash-generating units) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is
     recognised immediately in profit or loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount under another standard, in
     which case the reversal of the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation increase under that standard.

     Inventories
     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost of inventories is determined on weighted average
     method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less all estimated costs of completion and
     costs necessary to make the sale.

     Cash and cash equivalents
     Bank balances and cash in the consolidated statement of financial position comprise cash at banks and on hand and short-
     term deposits with a maturity of three months or less. For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and
     cash equivalents consist of cash and short-term deposits as defined above.

     Provision
     Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is
     probable that the Group will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the
     obligation.

     The amount recognised as provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the
     end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. When a provision is
     measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those
     cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is material).

     When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered from a third party, a
     receivable is recognised as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will be received and the amount of the
     receivable can be measured reliably.

                                                                                                                                 115
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      Employee benefit
      Retirement benefit costs and termination benefits

      Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered
      service entitling them to the contributions.

      For defined benefit retirement benefit plans, the cost of providing benefits is determined using the projected until credit
      method, with actuarial valuations being carried out at the end of each annual reporting period. Remeasurement, comprising
      actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the changes to the asset ceiling (if applicable) and the return on plan assets
      (excluding interest), is reflected immediately in the consolidated statement of financial position with a charge or credit
      recognised in other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur. Remeasurement recognised in other
      comprehensive income is reflected immediately in retained earnings and will not be reclassified to profit or loss.

      Past service cost is recognised in profit or loss in the period of a plan amendment or curtailment and a gain or loss on
      settlement is recognised when settlement occurs. When determining past service cost, or a gain or loss on settlement, an
      entity shall remeasure the net defined benefit liability or asset using the current fair value of plan assets and current actuarial
      assumptions, reflecting the benefits offered under the plan and the plan assets before and after the plan amendment,
      curtailment or settlement, without considering the effect of asset ceiling (i.e. the present value of any economic benefits
      available in the form of refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan).

      Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate at the beginning of the period to the net defined benefit liability or
      asset. However, if the Group remeasures the net defined benefit liability or asset before plan amendment, curtailment or
      settlement, the Group determines net interest for the remainder of the annual reporting period after the plan amendment,
      curtailment or settlement using the benefits offered under the plan and the plan assets after the plan amendment,
      curtailment or settlement and the discount rate used to remeasure such net defined benefit liability or asset, taking into
      account any changes in the net defined benefit liability or asset during the period resulting from contributions or benefit
      payments.

      Defined benefit costs are categorised as follows:

      •     service cost (including current service cost, past service cost, as well as gains and losses on curtailments and
            settlements);

      •     net interest expenses or income; and

      •     remeasurement.




116
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Employee benefit (Continued)
     Retirement benefit costs and termination benefits (Continued)

     The retirement benefit obligation recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position represents the actual deficit
     or surplus in the Group’s defined benefit plans. Any surplus resulting from this calculation is limited to the present value of
     any economic benefits available in the form of refunds from the plans or reductions in future contributions to the plans.

     A liability for a termination benefit is recognised at the earlier of when the Group entity can no longer withdraw the offer of
     the termination benefit and when the entity recognises any related restructuring costs.

     Discretionary contributions made by employees or third parties reduce service cost upon payment of these contributions to
     the plan.

     When the formal terms of the plans specify that there will be contributions from employees or third parties, the accounting
     depends on whether the contributions are linked to service, as follows:

     •     If the contributions are not linked to services (for example contributions are required to reduce a deficit arising from
           losses on plan assets or from actuarial losses), they are reflected in the remeasurement of the net defined benefit
           liability or asset.

     •     If contributions are linked to services, they reduce service costs. For the amount of contribution that is dependent on
           the number of years of service, the entity reduces service cost by attributing the contributions to periods of service
           using the attribution method required by HKAS 19 paragraph 70 for the gross benefits. For the amount of contribution
           that is independent of the number of years of service, the entity reduces service cost in the period in which the
           related service is rendered/reduces service cost by attributing contributions to the employees’ periods of service in
           accordance with HKAS 19 paragraph 70.

     Short-term and other long-term employee benefits

     Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid as and when
     employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense unless another HKFRS
     requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

     A liability is recognised for benefit accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries, annual leave and sick leave) after
     deducting any amount already paid.

     Liabilities recognised in respect of short-term employee benefits are measured at the undiscounted amount of the benefits
     expected to be paid in exchange for the related service.

     Liabilities recognised in respect of other long-term employee benefits are measured at the present value if the estimated
     future cash outflows expected to be made by the Group in respect of services provided by employees up to the reporting
     date.




                                                                                                                               117
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      Financial instruments
      Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of
      the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis.
      Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame
      established by regulation or convention in the market place.

      Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising from contracts
      with customers which are initially measured in accordance with HKFRS 15. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to
      the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets at fair value through profit or
      loss (“FVTPL”) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on
      initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL
      are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

      The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability and of
      allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly
      discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral
      part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the
      financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

      Interest and dividend income which are derived from the financial assets and shareholders’ rights are presented as other
      revenue and income.

      Financial assets

      Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

      Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

      •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and

      •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on
            the principal amount outstanding.

      Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other comprehensive
      income (“FVTOCI”):

      •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and collecting
            contractual cash flows; and

      •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on
            the principal amount outstanding.

      All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at the date of initial recognition of a financial
      asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in other
      comprehensive income if that equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised by an
      acquirer in a business combination to which HKFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.




118
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Financial instruments (Continued)
     Financial assets (Continued)

     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)

     A financial asset is held for trading if:

     •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

     •     on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages together and
           has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

     •     it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

     In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at the amortised cost or
     FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.

     Amortised cost and interest income

     Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently at amortised
     cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset,
     except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have
     subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised
     cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument
     improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective
     interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the
     determination that the asset is no longer credit impaired.

     Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI

     Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from
     changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve; and are not
     subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the
     equity investments, and will be transferred to retained profits.

     Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s right to receive
     the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the investment.
     Dividends are included in the “other revenue and income” line item in profit or loss, if any.

     Financial assets at FVTPL

     Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or designated as FVTOCI are
     measured at FVTPL.

     Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair value gains or losses
     recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss excludes any dividend or interest earned on the
     financial asset and is included in the “fair value change on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss” line item.




                                                                                                                                119
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      Financial instruments (Continued)
      Financial assets (Continued)

      Impairment of financial assets

      The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit loss (“ECL”) on financial assets which are subject to impairment
      under HKFRS 9 (including trade and other receivables, loan receivables, pledged bank deposits, amounts due from related
      companies and cash and cash equivalents). The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting period to reflect changes in
      credit risk since initial recognition.

      Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the relevant
      instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from
      default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting period. Assessment are done based on the Group’s
      historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an
      assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting period as well as the forecast of future conditions.

      For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when there has been a significant
      increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL
      should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

      Significant increase in credit risk

      In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of a
      default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting period with the risk of a default occurring on the financial
      instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and
      qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information
      that is available without undue cost or effort.

      In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased significantly:

      •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or internal credit
            rating;

      •     significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in the credit spread, the
            credit default swap prices for the debtor;

      •     existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a
            significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

      •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

      •     an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological environment of the
            debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.




120
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Financial instruments (Continued)
     Financial assets (Continued)

     Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

     Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)

     Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has increased significantly
     since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and
     supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

     The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a significant increase
     in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in
     credit risk before the amount becomes past due.

     Definition of default

     For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information developed internally
     or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full.

     Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than 90 days past
     due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is
     more appropriate.

     Credit-impaired financial assets

     A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events of default that have a detrimental impact on the estimated
     future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit impaired includes observable
     data about the following events:

     (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

     (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

     (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial difficulty, having
           granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider;

     (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or

     (e)   the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.

     Write-off policy

     The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe financial
     difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the counterparty has been placed under
     liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of trade receivables, when the amounts are over 1
     year past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the
     Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition
     event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                                                                121
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      Financial instruments (Continued)
      Financial assets (Continued)

      Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

      Measurement and recognition of ECL

      The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is
      a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based on
      historical data adjusted by forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted
      amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

      Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the
      contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial
      recognition. For a lease receivable, the cash flows used for determining the ECL is consistent with the cash flows used in
      measuring the lease receivable in accordance with HKFRS 16.

      Where ECL is measured on a collective basis or cater for cases where evidence at the individual instrument level may not yet
      be available, the financial instruments are grouped on the following basis:

      •     Nature of financial instruments (i.e. the Group’s trade and other receivables are each assessed as a separate group.
            Loans to related parties are assessed for expected credit losses on an individual basis);

      •     Past-due status;

      •     Nature, size and industry of debtors; and

      •     External credit ratings where available.

      The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue to share similar
      credit risk characteristics.

      Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset is credit
      impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of the financial asset.

      The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting their carrying
      amount, with the exception of trade and other receivables, loan receivables and amounts due from related companies
      where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.

      Classification as financial liabilities or equity

      Financial liabilities and equity instruments issued by a group entity are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in
      accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity
      instrument.




122
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Financial instruments (Continued)
     Financial liabilities and equity instruments

     Equity instruments

     An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its
     liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

     Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity. No gain or loss is
     recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own equity instruments.

     Financial liabilities

     All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

     Financial liabilities at amortised cost

     Financial liabilities (including bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities, trade payables, accruals and other payables,
     amounts due to related companies and amount due to the immediate holding company) are subsequently measured at
     amortised cost, using the effective interest method.

     Derivative financial instruments

     Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date when derivative contracts are entered into and are subsequently
     remeasured to their fair value at the end of the reporting period. The resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.

     Derecognition

     The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when it
     transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity. If the
     Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the
     transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have
     to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group
     continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.

     On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and
     the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

     On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition to measure at
     FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is
     transferred to retained earnings.

     The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged, cancelled or have
     expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and
     payable is recognised in the profit or loss.




                                                                                                                              123
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      Related parties
      (a)   A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

            (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;

            (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

            (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.

      (b)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

            (i)     the entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow
                    subsidiary is related to the others);

            (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of a
                    group of which the other entity is a member);

            (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

            (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;

            (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity
                    related to the Group;

            (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

            (vii)   a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management
                    personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); or

            (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the
                   Group or to the parent of the Group.

      Close family members of an individual are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influence by, that
      person in their dealings with the entity and include:

      (a)   that person’s children and spouse or domestic partner;

      (b)   children of that person’s spouse or domestic partner; and

      (c)   dependants of the person or that person’s spouse or domestic partner.

      A transaction is considered to be a related party transaction when there is a transfer of resources and obligations between
      related parties.




124
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Segment reporting
     Operating segments and the amounts of each segment item reported in the consolidated financial statements are identified
     from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s top management for the purposes of allocating resources
     to and assessing the performance of the Group’s various lines of business.

     Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the segments have
     similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of business activities.

     Segment revenue, expenses, results and assets include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those that can be
     allocated on a reasonable basis to that segment, but exclude exceptional items. Segment capital expenditure is the total
     cost incurred during the year to acquire segment assets (both tangible and intangible) that are expected to be used for
     more than one year. Corporate portions of expenses and assets mainly comprise corporate administrative and financing
     expenses and corporate financial assets respectively.

     Share-based payments
     Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

     Shares granted to employees

     Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured at the fair value of
     the equity instruments at the grant date.

     The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without taking into consideration all
     non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of
     equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (share-based payments reserve). At the
     end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest based on
     assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is
     recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment
     to the share-based payments reserve.

     Cash-settled share-based payment transactions

     For cash-settled share-based payments, a liability is recognised for the goods or services acquired, measured initially at the
     fair value of the liability. The fair value of the cash-settled share-based payments is determined without taking into
     consideration all non-market vesting conditions.

     At the end of each reporting period until the liability is settled, and at the date of settlement, the liability is remeasured to
     fair value. For cash-settled share-based payments that are already vested, any changes in fair value are recognised in profit
     or loss for the year. For cash-settled share-based payments which are still subject to non-market vesting conditions, the
     effects of vesting and non-vesting conditions are accounted on the same basis as equity-settled share-based payments.




                                                                                                                                 125
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
      UNCERTAINTY
      In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the directors of the Company are
      required to make judgments, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not
      readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions are based on historical experience and
      other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

      The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
      recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the
      revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

      Critical judgements in applying accounting policies
      The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that management has made
      in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have the most significant effect on the amounts
      recognised in the consolidated financial statement.

      Valuation of inventories

      Valuation of inventories is stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value at the end of the reporting period. Net
      realisable value is determined on the basis of the estimated selling price less the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
      The directors estimate the net realisable value for raw materials and finished goods based primarily on the latest invoice
      prices and current market conditions. In addition, the directors perform an inventory review on a product by product basis
      at the end of each reporting period and assess the need for write down of inventories.

      Significant influence over individual company

      Note 20 describes that Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd. is an associate of the Group although the Group has 56.84% ownership
      interest in Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd. Until July 2021, the Group had a 49% ownership in Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd
      since June 2018; the remaining 51% of shareholdings were owned by CDH Genetech that is a related party of the Group.
      During the year ended 31 December 2021, additional effective interest of 7.84% was gained by the Group. Details of Grand
      Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd. are set out in note 20.

      The directors of the Company assessed whether the Group has control over Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd. based on
      whether the Group has the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd. unilaterally. In
      making the judgement, the directors of the Company considered the Group’s effective voting rights in Grand Pharma
      Sphere Pte Ltd. After assessment, the directors of the Company concluded that the Group does not have sufficiently
      dominant voting interest to direct the relevant activities of Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd. and therefore the Group does not
      have control over Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd.




126
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
     Key sources of estimation uncertainty
     The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of
     the reporting period that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and
     liabilities within the next financial year.

     Impairment of goodwill

     Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the value in use of the cash-generating units to which
     goodwill has been allocated. The value in use calculation for requires the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected
     to arise from the cash-generating unit and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value.

     The carrying amount of goodwill as at 31 December 2021 was approximately HK$596,746,000 (2020: HK$505,574,000).
     Details of the recoverable amount calculation are disclosed in note 21.

     Impairment of intangible assets

     The Group performs annual tests on whether there has impairment of intangible assets in accordance with the accounting
     policy. The recoverable amounts are determined based on value in use calculations. These calculations require the use of
     estimates and assumptions made by management on the future operation of the business, post-tax discount rates, and
     other assumptions underlying the calculation.

     The carrying amount of intangible assets as at 31 December 2021 was approximately HK$1,009,764,000 (2020:
     HK$881,843,000). Detailed information is disclosed in note 23.

     Provision of ECL for trade and other receivables, loan receivables and amounts due from related companies

     The Group uses three-stage model to calculate ECL for the trade and other receivables, loan receivables and amounts due
     from related companies. The provision rates are based on internal credit ratings as groupings of various debtors that have
     similar loss patterns. The three-stage model is based on the Group’s historical default rates taking into consideration
     forward-looking information that is reasonable and supportable available without undue costs or effort. At every reporting
     date, the historical observed default rates are reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information are considered. In
     addition, trade and other receivables, loan receivables and amounts due from related companies with significant balances
     and credit impaired are assessed for ECL individually.

     The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. The information about the ECL and the Group’s trade and other
     receivables, loan receivables and amounts due from related companies are disclosed in notes 5(b)(iv), 19, 28 and 34.




                                                                                                                            127
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
      UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
      Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
      Income tax and deferred tax

      The Group is subject to income taxes in several jurisdictions. There are certain transactions and calculations for which the
      ultimate tax determination may be uncertain. The Group recognises liabilities for anticipated tax issues based on estimates
      of whether additional taxes will be due. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that
      were initially recorded, such differences will impact the current and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such
      determination is made.

      Estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets

      The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation/amortisation charges for its
      property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets. This estimate is based on the historical experience
      of the actual useful lives of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets of similar nature and
      functions. It could change significantly as a result of technical innovations and competitor actions in response to market
      conditions. Management will increase the depreciation/amortisation charge where useful lives are less than previously
      estimated lives, or it will write-off or write-down technically obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been abandoned or
      sold.

      The patents, trademarks and capitalised development costs are considered by the management of the Group as having an
      indefinite useful life because it is expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely.

      The intangible asset will not be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite. Instead it will be tested for
      impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that it may be impaired.

      During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group did not change the estimated useful lives of property, plant and
      equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets.

      Impairment test for interests in associates

      The Group completed its annual impairment test for interests in associates by comparing the recoverable amount of
      interests in associates to its carrying amount as at 31 December 2021. The Group has engaged the Valuer to carry out a
      valuation of the interests in associates as at 31 December 2021 based on the value in use calculations. This valuation uses
      cash flow projections based on the financial estimates covering a five-year period, and discount rates ranged from 11.71% to
      31.68%. The cash flows beyond the five-year period and ten years period are extrapolated using a steady 2.0% to 2.5%
      growth rate for the pharmaceutical industries in which are operated by associates.




128
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
     (a) Categories of financial instruments

                                                                                                     2021                 2020
                                                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000


           Financial assets
           Equity Instruments at FVTOCI                                                             145,685             171,164
           Financial assets at FVTPL                                                              1,112,968             520,767
           Financial asset at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents)
              — Trade and other receivables                                                       1,959,398           1,587,669
              — Loan receivables                                                                    113,190             159,635
              — Amounts due from related companies                                                   13,320              35,436
              — Pledged bank deposits                                                                 7,645              30,910
              — Cash and cash equivalents                                                         1,752,860           1,836,695

                                                                                                  5,105,066           4,342,276

           Financial liabilities
           At amortised costs
             — Trade and other payables                                                           2,678,013           1,984,356
             — Bank and other borrowings                                                          3,626,541           2,367,016
             — Lease liabilities                                                                     19,034              21,362
             — Amounts due to related companies                                                       4,831              57,575
             — Amount due to the immediate holding company                                            2,331               2,331

                                                                                                  6,330,750           4,432,640
           Derivative financial instrument at fair value                                              8,350                   –

                                                                                                  6,339,100           4,432,640


     (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies
           The Group’s major financial instruments include equity instruments at FVTOCI, financial asset at FVTPL, trade and other
           receivables, loan receivables, amounts due from related companies, pledged bank deposits, cash and cash
           equivalents, trade and other payables, bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities, amounts due to related companies,
           amount due to the immediate holding company and derivative financial instrument at fair value. Details of these
           financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes. The risks associated with these financial instruments and the
           policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management manages and monitors these exposures
           to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.




                                                                                                                             129
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

5.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           i.    Currency risk

                 The Group’s presentation currency is HK$, however, the Group major subsidiaries’ functional currency are RMB
                 in which most of the transactions are denominated. The functional currency is also used to settle expenses for
                 the PRC operations. Certain trade and other receivables, cash and cash equivalents, trade and other payables,
                 bank and other borrowings are denominated in foreign currencies of United State dollars (“USD”). Such USD
                 denominated financial assets and liabilities are exposed to fluctuations in the value of RMB against USD.

                 The Group currently does not have any USD hedging policy but the management monitors USD exchange
                 exposure and will consider hedging significant USD exposure should the need arise.

                 Sensitivity analysis

                 The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a reasonably possible change of 10% (2020: 10%) in
                 exchange rate of USD against RMB while all other variables are held constant. 10% (2020: 10%) is the sensitivity
                 rate used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to key management personnel and represents
                 management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis
                 includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the
                 end of each reporting period for a 10% (2020: 10%) change in foreign currency rates.


                                                                                                    2021                 2020
                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000


                 Increase/(decrease) in profit for the year
                    — if USD weakens against of RMB                                                (15,960)             (17,317)
                    — if USD strengthens against of RMB                                             15,960               17,317


                 A change of 10% (2020: 10%) in exchange rate of USD against RMB does not affect other components of equity
                 except the translation reserve.

                 The carrying amounts of the foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities at the
                 reporting date are as follows:


                                                                                                    2021                 2020
                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000


                 USD
                   — Trade and other receivables                                                   153,581             148,268
                   — Loan receivables                                                              113,190             160,462
                   — Cash and cash equivalents                                                     111,744              38,547
                   — Trade and other payables                                                       (9,452)               (293)




130
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           ii.   Interest rate risk

                 The Group has variable-rate interest-bearing assets and liabilities including pledged bank deposits, bank
                 balances and bank and other borrowings and is therefore exposed to interest rate risk. Details of these financial
                 instruments are disclosed in respective notes. The Group currently does not have interest rate hedging policy.
                 However, the management of the Group monitors interest rate exposure and will consider hedging significant
                 interest rate exposure should the need arise. The Group’s interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the
                 fluctuation of variable-rates borrowings and People’s Bank of China Loan Prime Rate borrowings as detailed in
                 note 32.

                 Sensitivity analysis

                 The sensitivity analysis below is prepared assuming the financial instruments outstanding at the end of the
                 reporting period were outstanding for the whole year. A 100 basis point (2020: 100 basis points) increase or
                 decrease is used when reporting interest rate risk internally to key management personnel and represents
                 management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rates.

                 If the interest rates had been increased/decreased by 100 basis points (2020: 100 basic points) at the beginning
                 of the year and all other variables were held constant, the Group’s profit after tax and retained profits would
                 increase/decrease by approximately HK$461,000 (2020: increase/decrease by approximately HK$1,265,000). The
                 assumed changes have no impact on the Group’s other components of equity. This is mainly attributable to the
                 Group’s exposure with respect to interest rate on its variable-interest rate bank deposits and bank and other
                 borrowings.

                 Derivatives

                 As of 31 December 2021, the Group has not moved any existing contracts to alternative benchmark rates. The
                 Group’s USD LIBOR-linked financial instruments that need to be but have yet to transitioned to alternative
                 benchmark rates as at 31st December 2021 are as below:

                 —     a carrying amount of HK$777,256,000 of variable rate interest-bearing liabilities referenced to 6-month
                       USD LIBOR;




                                                                                                                             131
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

5.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           ii.    Interest rate risk (Continued)

                  Managing interest rate benchmark reform and associated risks

                  A fundamental reform of major interest rate benchmarks is being undertaken globally, including the
                  replacement of some interbank offered rates (IBORs) with alternative nearly risk-free rates (referred to as “IBOR
                  reform”). The Group has financial instruments referenced to USD London Interbank Offered Rate (USD-LIBOR
                  BBA) and Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate (HIBOR).

                  In March 2021, the UK Financial Conduct Authority formally announced the future cessation or non-
                  representativeness of the following LIBOR benchmark settings:

                  —     all sterling, euro, Swiss Franc, Japanese yen LIBOR after 31 December 2021;

                  —     1-week and 2-month USD LIBOR after 31 December 2021; and

                  —     overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month USD LIBOR after 30 June 2023.

                  In Hong Kong, the Hong Kong Monetary Authority still recognises HIBOR as a credible and reliable benchmark
                  and confirms that there is no plan to discontinue HIBOR although an alternative, the Hong Kong Dollar
                  Overnight Index Average (HONIA) has already been identified.

                  The Group does not hold any financial instruments referenced to 1-week and 2-month USD LIBOR and as such
                  there are no contracts required to be replaced by 31 December 2021. The Group’s financial instruments
                  referenced to HIBOR and 6 months USD LIBOR are not expected to be impacted by the IBOR reform.

                  The management of the Group’s monitors transition to alternative benchmark rates. The Group’s treasury
                  function is closely monitoring the market development on IBOR reform and have commenced discussion with
                  counterparties on contracts that need to be amended as a result of the reform, but specific changes have yet to
                  be agreed.

           iii.   Liquidity risk

                  In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents
                  deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of
                  fluctuations in cash flows. The management monitors the utilisation of bank and other borrowings and ensures
                  compliance with loan covenants.

                  The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial liabilities
                  based on the agreed repayment terms. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of
                  financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay.

                  The maturity analysis for financial liabilities is prepared based on the scheduled repayment dates. The table
                  includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows are floating rate, the
                  undiscounted amount is derived from interest rate curve at the end of the reporting period.




132
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           iii.   Liquidity risk (Continued)

                  As at 31 December 2021

                                                     Weighted          Total                     More than     More than
                                                      average    contractual         Within    one year but two years but
                                                      interest undiscounted      one year or      less than     less than       More than      Carrying
                                                          rate     cash flow     on demand       two years     five years       five years      amount
                                                            %       HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000      HK$’000


                  Non-derivative instruments
                  Trade and other payables                  –      2,678,013      2,678,013              –                –             –     2,678,013
                  Bank and other borrowings              2.65      3,693,788      2,163,212      1,510,911           19,665             –     3,626,541
                  Lease liabilities                      7.87         23,671          6,976          5,285            8,324         3,086        19,034
                  Amounts due to related companies          –          4,831          4,831              –                –             –         4,831
                  Amount due to the immediate
                    holding company                         –           2,331         2,331               –                –             –        2,331

                                                                   6,402,634      4,855,363      1,516,196           27,989         3,086     6,330,750


                  As at 31 December 2020

                                                     Weighted            Total                    More than       More than
                                                      average      contractual       Within     one year but   two years but
                                                      interest   undiscounted    one year or       less than        less than   More than       Carrying
                                                          rate       cash flow   on demand        two years        five years    five years     amount
                                                            %         HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000


                  Non-derivative instruments
                  Trade and other payables                   –       1,984,356     1,984,356              –                –             –     1,984,356
                  Bank and other borrowings               3.47       2,513,455     1,623,792        269,554          620,109             –     2,367,016
                  Lease liabilities                       7.68          26,653         7,589          5,966            7,755         5,343        21,362
                  Amounts due to related companies           –          57,575        57,575              –                –             –        57,575
                  Amount due to the immediate
                    holding company                         –            2,331         2,331              –                –             –        2,331

                                                                     4,584,370     3,675,643        275,520          627,864         5,343     4,432,640


                  The amounts included above for variable interest rate instruments for non-derivative financial liabilities are
                  subject to change if changes in variable interest rates differ to those estimates of interest rates determined at
                  the end of the reporting period.




                                                                                                                                                   133
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

5.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           iii.   Liquidity risk (Continued)

                  Bank loans with a repayment on demand clause are included in the “On demand or within one year” time band
                  in the above maturity analysis. As at 31 December 2021, the aggregate carrying amounts of these bank loans
                  amounted to HK$681,194,000. Taking into account the Group’s financial position, the management does not
                  believe that it is probable that the banks will exercise their discretionary rights to demand immediate
                  repayment. The management believes that such bank loans will be repaid 3 years after the end of the reporting
                  period in accordance with the scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreements, details of which are
                  set out in the table below:


                                                              Maturity Analysis — Bank loans with a repayment
                                                              on demand clause based on scheduled repayments
                                                                                                    Total
                                                           Less than                        undiscounted             Carrying
                                                              1 year          1–2 years     cash outflows             amount
                                                             HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000             HK$’000


                  31 December 2021                             98,478            534,794            633,272           611,194


                  The amounts included above for variable interest rate instruments are subject to change if changes in variable
                  interest rates differ to those estimates of interest rates determined at the end of the reporting period.




134
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           iv.   Credit risk

                 The credit risk of the Group mainly arises from bank balances and deposits, trade and other receivable, loan
                 receivables, amount due from associates and amounts due from related companies. The carrying amounts of
                 these balances represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to financial assets.

                 In respect of cash deposited at banks, the credit risk is considered to be low as the counterparties are reputable
                 banks. The existing counterparties do not have defaults in the past. Therefore, ECL rate of cash at bank is
                 assessed to be close to zero and no provision was made as of 31 December 2021 and 2020.

                 The credit risk for amount due from associates are considered to be low, therefore no ECL provision was made
                 during the year ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.

                 ECLs are recognised in three stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in
                 credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are
                 possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a
                 significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected
                 over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

                 At the end of each reporting period, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has
                 increased significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a
                 default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the
                 financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information
                 that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information.

                 As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, trade receivables that are individually significant have been separately
                 assessed for impairment. The Group makes periodic assessments on the recoverability of the receivables based
                 on the background and reputation of the customers, historical settlement records and past experience.

                 Majority of the Group’s revenue is received from individual customers in relation to sales of pharmaceutical
                 products and are transacted on credit. The Group’s trade receivables arise from sales of pharmaceutical products
                 to the customers. As at the end of the year, the top three debtors and the largest debtor accounted for
                 approximately 5.72 % and 2.01% (2020: 5.87% and 1.99%), of the Group’s trade receivables balance. In view of
                 the history of business dealings with the debtors and the sound collection history of the receivables due from
                 them, management believes that there is no material credit risk inherent in the Group’s outstanding receivable
                 balance due from these debtors saved for the debtor related to the impaired trade receivable disclosed in the
                 below. Management makes periodic assessment on the recoverability of the trade and other receivables based
                 on historical payment records, the length of overdue period, the financial strength of the debtors and whether
                 there are any disputes with the debtors.

                 Individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain amount. These
                 evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making payments when due and current ability to pay, and
                 take into account information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to the economic environment in
                 which the customer operates. Trade receivables are due within 30 to 180 days from the date of billing. Normally,
                 the Group does not obtain collateral from customers.




                                                                                                                                  135
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

5.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           iv.   Credit risk (Continued)

                 The Group measures loss allowances for trade and other receivables, loan receivables and amount due from
                 related companies at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs and lifetime ECLs, which are calculated using three-
                 stage model. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not indicate significantly different loss
                 patterns for different customer segments, the loss allowance based on past due status is not further
                 distinguished between the Group’s different customer bases.

                 (1)   Provision of ECL on trade and other receivables

                       The tables below show loss allowance for ECL based on the Group’s credit policy, which are mainly based
                       on past due information available without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at
                       31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020.

                                                             12-months           Lifetime          Lifetime
                                                            ECLs Stage 1     ECLs Stage 2      ECLs Stage 3            Total
                       As at 31 December 2021                  HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000


                       Trade receivables and
                         other receivables
                         — Industry average                       11,235                 –                –           11,235
                         — CCC- to CC                                  –            27,499                –           27,499
                         —D                                            –                 –          110,339          110,339

                                                                  11,235            27,499          110,339          149,073


                                                              12-months           Lifetime          Lifetime
                                                             ECLs Stage 1     ECLs Stage 2      ECLs Stage 3            Total
                       As at 31 December 2020                    HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000


                       Trade receivables and
                         other receivables
                         — Industry average                         9,044                 –                –            9,044
                         — CCC- to CC                                   –             4,100                –            4,100
                         —D                                             –                 –          137,736          137,736

                                                                    9,044             4,100          137,736          150,880


                       The credit rating of industry average represented the debtors that have not incurred due payments. If the
                       invoice dates of the outstanding debt were from 3 months to 1 year, the credit rating will be represented
                       from CCC- to CC. In case the debts have been outstanding over 1 year, the credit rating will be marked as
                       D.




136
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           iv.   Credit risk (Continued)

                 (1)   Provision of ECL on trade and other receivables (Continued)

                       The (reversal of)/provision of trade receivables as at 31 December 2021 and 2020 were as follows:

                                                                                                                       HK$’000


                       As at 1 January 2020                                                                            100,194

                       Provision for the year                                                                               1,408
                       Exchange realignment                                                                                 6,025

                       As at 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                                                       107,627

                       Reversal for the year                                                                                (8,128)
                       Exchange realignment                                                                                  3,432
                       As at 31 December 2021                                                                         102,931


                       The (reversal of)/provision of ECL on other receivables as at 31 December 2021 and 2020 were as follows:

                                                                                                                       HK$’000


                       As at 1 January 2020                                                                                32,702

                       Provision for the year                                                                               8,480
                       Exchange realignment                                                                                 2,071

                       As at 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                                                           43,253

                       Provision for the year                                                                               19,902
                       Written off                                                                                         (18,916)
                       Exchange realignment                                                                                  1,903
                       As at 31 December 2021                                                                          46,142




                                                                                                                               137
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

5.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           iv.   Credit risk (Continued)

                 (2)   Provision of ECL on due from related companies

                       The table below show loss allowance for ECL on amounts due from related companies based on the
                       Group’s credit policy, which are mainly based on past due information available without undue cost or
                       effort, and year-end staging classification as at 31 December 2021 and 2020.


                                                            12-months           Lifetime        Lifetime
                                                          ECLs Stage 1      ECLs Stage 2    ECLs Stage 3           Total
                       As at 31 December 2021                HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000


                       Amounts due from related
                        companies
                        — Industry average                              –              –                –               –
                        — CCC- to CC                                    –            121                –             121
                        —D                                              –              –                –               –

                                                                        –            121                –             121


                                                             12-months           Lifetime        Lifetime
                                                           ECLs Stage 1      ECLs Stage 2    ECLs Stage 3           Total
                       As at 31 December 2020                  HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000


                       Amounts due from related
                        companies
                        — Industry average                         1,981               –                –            1,981
                        — CCC- to CC                                   –               5                –                5
                        —D                                             –               –            9,336            9,336

                                                                   1,981               5            9,336           11,322


                       The (reversal of)/provision of ECL on due from related companies as at 31 December 2021 and 2020 was
                       as follows:

                                                                                                                  HK$’000


                       As at 1 January 2020                                                                          3,629

                       Provision for the year                                                                        7,090
                       Exchange realignment                                                                            603

                       As at 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                                                    11,322

                       Reversal for the year                                                                       (11,389)
                       Exchange realignment                                                                            188
                       As at 31 December 2021                                                                         121


138
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           iv.   Credit risk (Continued)

                 (3)   Provision of ECL on loan receivables

                       The table below show loss allowance for ECL on loan receivables based on the Group’s credit policy,
                       which are mainly based on past due information available without undue cost or effort, and year-end
                       staging classification as at 31 December 2021 and 2020.


                                                                12-months           Lifetime        Lifetime
                                                              ECLs Stage 1     ECLs Stage 2     ECLs Stage 3           Total
                       As at 31 December 2021                    HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000


                       Amounts due from related
                        companies
                        — Industry average                                 –               –                –               –
                        — CCC- to CC                                       –             795                –             795
                        —D                                                 –               –                –               –

                                                                           –             795                –             795


                                                                 12-months           Lifetime        Lifetime
                                                               ECLs Stage 1     ECLs Stage 2     ECLs Stage 3           Total
                       As at 31 December 2020                      HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000


                       Amounts due from related
                        companies
                        — Industry average                              827                 –               –              827
                        — CCC- to CC                                      –                 –               –                –
                        —D                                                –                 –               –                –

                                                                        827                 –               –              827


                       The (reversal of)/provision of ECL on loan receivables as at 31 December 2021 and 2020 was as follows:

                                                                                                                      HK$’000


                       As at 1 January 2020                                                                                     –

                       Provision for the year                                                                              827
                       Exchange realignment                                                                                  –

                       As at 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                                                           827

                       Reversal for the year                                                                               (32)
                       As at 31 December 2021                                                                             795




                                                                                                                           139
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

5.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           v.    Equity price risk

                 The Group is exposed to equity price risk through its investment in equity securities measured at FVTPL and
                 FVTOCI. For equity securities measured at FVTPL quoted in relative active markets, the management of the
                 Group manages this exposure by maintaining a portfolio of investments with different risks. In addition, the
                 Group also invested in certain unquoted equity securities for investees operating in pharmaceutical industry
                 sector for long term strategic purposes which had been designated as FVTOCI.

                 The sensitivity analysis have been determined based on the exposure to equity price risk at the reporting date.
                 Sensitivity analysis for unquote equity securities with fair value measurement categorized within Level 3 were
                 disclosed in note 5(b)(vi).

                 If the prices of the respective equity instruments listed in Hong Kong had been 5% (2020: 5%) higher/lower, the
                 post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2021 would increase/decrease by approximately HK$1,667,000
                 (2020: would increase/decrease by approximately HK$1,750,000) as a result of the changes in fair value of listed
                 equity security in Hong Kong.

                 If the prices of the respective equity instruments listed outside Hong Kong had been 5% (2020: 5%) higher/
                 lower, the post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2021 would increase/decrease by approximately
                 HK$45,258,000 (2020: would increase/decrease by approximately HK$23,103,000) as a result of the changes in
                 fair value of listed equity security outside Hong Kong.

           vi.   Fair value

                 The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities are determined as follows:

                 —     the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities with standard terms and conditions and traded in
                       active liquid markets are determined with reference to quoted market bid prices and ask prices
                       respectively; and

                 —     the fair value of other financial assets and financial liabilities (excluding derivative instruments) is
                       determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on discounted cash flow
                       analysis.

                 The directors consider the fair values of trade and other receivables, loan receivables, pledged bank deposits,
                 cash and cash equivalents, trade and other payables, bank and other borrowings reported in the consolidated
                 statement of financial position approximate their carrying amounts due to their immediate or short-term
                 maturities.

                 The directors consider the fair value of amount due to the immediate holding company approximate to its
                 carrying amount as the impact of discounting is not significant.




140
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           vi.   Fair value (Continued)

                 The following table provides an analysis of financial instruments that are measured subsequent to initial
                 recognition at fair value, grouped into Level 1 to 3 based on the degree to which the fair value is observable.

                 —     Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for
                       identical assets or liabilities.

                 —     Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within
                       Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived
                       from prices).

                 —     Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the
                       asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

                 Fair value hierarchy

                                                                                                 2021
                                                                        Level 1            Level 2           Level 3             Total
                                                                       HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000


                 Financial assets at FVTPL (note 26)                 1,112,968                     –                 –       1,112,968
                 Equity instruments at FVTOCI
                   (note 30) (note (a))                                         –                  –         145,685           145,685
                 Derivative financial instrument
                   (note 39)                                                    –           (8,350)                  –           (8,350)


                                                                                                  2020
                                                                         Level 1            Level 2           Level 3             Total
                                                                        HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000


                 Financial assets at FVTPL (note 26)                     520,767                   –                 –          520,767
                 Equity instruments at FVTOCI
                    (note 30) (note (a))                                        –                  –          171,164           171,164


                 There were no transfer between level 2 and level 3 in the current year.




                                                                                                                                      141
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

5.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           vi.   Fair value (Continued)

                 Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
                 Note:

                 (a)     As at 31 December 2021, the fair value of equity instruments of approximately 145,685,000 (2020: HK$171,164,000) were valued
                         by an independent valuer. The calculation was based on investment costs and including some unobservable inputs.

                         Below is a summary of the valuation technique used and the key inputs to the valuation of equity instruments and derivative
                         financial instruments:

                                                                                          Significant
                                                                   Valuation technique    unobservable inputs                     2021                2020


                         Financial assets
                         Equity instruments
                         9.6% of Ningbo Donghai Bank               Market approach        Adjusted Profit-To-Book                   N/A                1.00
                            of Shares (note (i), (ii) and (iii))                             ratio (note i)
                                                                                          Liquidity discount rate                   N/A              15.8%
                                                                                             (note ii)

                         11.92% of eTheRNA                         Discounted cash flow   Terminal growth rate                    1.8%               1.60%
                           Immunotherapies NV of                     method               Discount rate (note iv)               16.01%              18.10%
                           Preferred Series B Shares (note iv)

                         6.83% of Cloudbreak                       Discounted cash flow   Terminal growth rate                    0.0%                0.0%
                            Pharmaceutical Inc. of                   method               Discount rate (note iv)               17.80%              17.19%
                            Series B Preferred Shares (note iv)

                         Financial liability
                         Derivative financial instrument           Discounted cash flow   Discount rate                          0.94%                 N/A
                           — Cross currency swap                     method

                         Notes:

                         (i)      A slight increase in the adjusted profit-to-book ratio used in isolation would result in a significant increase in the fair
                                  value measurement of the Ningbo Donghai Bank of Shares, and vice versa. As a result of the volatile financial market in
                                  2020, the management adjusted the adjusted profit-to-book ratio from 1.42 to 1.00. A 5% increase/decrease in the
                                  adjusted profit-to-book ratio holding all other variables constant would increase/decrease the carrying amount of the
                                  Ningbo Donghai Bank of Shares by HK$46,588,000 in 2020.

                         (ii)     A slight increase in the liquidity discount rate used in isolation would result in a slight decrease in the fair value
                                  measurement of Ningbo Donghai Bank of Shares, and vice versa. A 5% increase/decrease in the liquidity discount rate
                                  holding all other variables constant would decrease/increase the carrying amount of the Ningbo Donghai Bank of
                                  Shares by HK$3,696,000 in 2020.

                         (iii)    The Shares have been disposed during the year ended 2021.

                         (iv)     A slight increase in the discount rate used in isolation would result in a slight decrease in the fair value measurement of
                                  the eTheRNA Immunotherapies NV of Preferred Series B Shares and Cloudbreak Pharmaceutical Inc. of Series B Preferred
                                  Shares respectively, and vice versa. A 5% (2020: 5%) increase/decrease in the discount rate holding all other variables
                                  constant would decrease/increase the carrying amount of the eTheRNA Immunotherapies NV of Preferred Series B
                                  Shares and Cloudbreak Pharmaceutical Inc. of Series B Preferred Shares by HK$5,672,000 and HK$3,380,000 (2020:
                                  HK$5,729,000 and HK$3,363,000) respectively.


142
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           vi.   Fair value (Continued)

                 Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets

                                                                                                       2021                  2020
                                                                                                     HK$’000               HK$’000


                 As at 1 January                                                                      171,164               95,025
                 Addition during the year                                                              56,083               86,110
                 Acquisition of subsidiary (note 40)                                                   15,616                    –
                 Disposal during the year                                                            (121,482)                   –
                 Fair value gain/(loss) in other comprehensive income                                  28,641              (15,602)
                 Exchange alignment                                                                    (4,337)               5,631

                 As at 31 December                                                                    145,685              171,164


                 Included in other comprehensive income is a fair value gain in an amount of approximately 28,641,000 (2020:
                 fair value loss approximately HK$15,602,000) relating to unlisted equity securities classified as equity instruments
                 at FVTOCI held at the end of the current reporting period and is reported as changes of “FVTOCI reserve”.




                                                                                                                                143
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

6.    CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
      The Group reviews its capital structure to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while
      maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The Group’s overall strategy
      remains unchanged from prior year.

      The capital structure of the Group consists of debt, which includes bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities, amounts due
      to related companies and amount due to the immediate holding company and derivative financial instruments, cash and
      cash equivalents and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising issued share capital, share premium,
      reserves and retained profits.

      The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.

      Gearing ratio
      The directors of the Company review the capital structure regularly. As part of this review, the directors of the Company
      consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on recommendations of the directors,
      the Group will balance its overall capital structure through payment of dividends, new share issues and share buy-backs as
      well as the issue of new debt or the redemption of existing debt.

      The gearing ratio at the end of the reporting period was as follows:


                                                                                                                    2021                    2020
                                                                                                                  HK$’000                 HK$’000


      Debts (note (a))                                                                                           3,652,737              2,448,284
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                 (1,752,860)            (1,867,605)

      Net debt                                                                                                  1,899,877                 580,679
      Equity (note (b))                                                                                        13,392,631              11,239,504
      Net debt to equity ratio                                                                                       14%                       5%

      Notes:

      (a)      Debts comprises bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities, amounts due to related companies and amount due to the immediate holding
               company respectively.

      (b)      Equity includes all capital and reserves attributable to owners of the Company.




144
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

7.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
     For the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, the Group is principally engaged in manufacture and sales of
     pharmaceutical preparations and medical devices, bio-technology products, health products, specialised pharmaceutical
     raw materials and other products. The board of directors, being the chief operating decision maker of the Group, reviews
     the operating results of the Group as a whole to make decisions about resource allocation. The operation of the Group
     constitutes one single reportable segment under HKFRS 8 and accordingly, no separate segment information is prepared.

     The Group’s revenue represents the invoiced value of goods sold, net of discounts and sales related taxes.

     Geographical information
     The Group’s operations are mainly located in the PRC (country of domicile) and it also derives revenue from America, Europe
     and Asia.

     Information about the Group’s revenue from external customers is presented based on geographical location of the
     customers and information about the Group’s non-current assets is presented based on geographical location of the assets
     are detailed below:

                                                                            Revenue from external
                                                                                 customers                            Non-current assets

                                                                                2021                 2020              2021                 2020
                                                                              HK$’000              HK$’000           HK$’000              HK$’000


     The PRC                                                                7,422,136            4,842,323         8,528,777             7,567,295
     America                                                                  430,098              471,258                 –                     –
     Europe                                                                   297,962              356,331                 –                     –
     Asia other than the PRC                                                  330,889              530,094            42,805                21,739
     Others                                                                   116,890              152,913                 –                     –

     Total                                                                  8,597,975            6,352,919         8,571,582             7,589,034

     Note: Non-current assets excluded equity instruments at fair value through comprehensive income, loan receivables, deferred tax assets and a part
           of interests in associates.


     Information about major customers
     For the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, none of the Group’s sales to a single customer amounted to 10% or more
     of the Group’s total revenue.




                                                                                                                                                145
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

7.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      Revenue
      Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                                     2021                 2020
                                                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000


      Type of goods and services
      Manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical preparations and medical devices                    5,377,145            4,081,751
      Sales of bio-technology products and health products                                        2,231,461            1,503,082
      Sales of specialised pharmaceutical raw materials and other products                          989,369              768,086

      Total revenue recognised at point in time                                                   8,597,975            6,352,919


                                                                                                     2021                 2020
                                                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000


      Revenue disclosed in segment information
      External customers                                                                          8,597,975            6,352,919

      Timing of revenue recognition
      At a point in time                                                                          8,597,975            6,352,919


      All of the Group’s revenue are recognised at point in time when carrier designated by the customers, or after the customer’s
      acceptance or upon transfer of control of the goods to customer. All of the Group’s revenue is generated in the PRC based
      on where goods are sold. All revenue contracts are for period of one year or less, as permitted by practical expedient under
      HKFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contacts is not disclosed.




146
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

8.   OTHER REVENUE AND INCOME
                                                                                                                   2021                    2020
                                                                                                                 HK$’000                 HK$’000


     Government grants (note (i))                                                                                  69,354                258,248
     Interest income                                                                                               74,953                 18,046
     Sales of raw materials, scrap and other materials, net                                                         5,776                 20,531
     Gain on sales and lease back transaction, net                                                                  2,372                  8,576
     Rental income                                                                                                  1,421                    736
     Net gain in fair value of investment properties                                                               29,575                 45,648
     Compensation income                                                                                            3,767                 17,273
     Consultancy income (note (ii))                                                                               123,199                      –
     Sundry income                                                                                                 38,599                 14,494

                                                                                                                  349,016                383,552

     Notes:

     (i)      The total amount in 2021 consist of government grant that have conditions amounted approximately HK$41,151,000 (2020: HK$163,504,000)
              and government grant which have no condition amounted approximately HK$28,203,000 (2020: HK$94,744,000) respectively.

     (ii)     The total amount in 2021 consist of income from the provision of various consultancy services such as product registration, technology
              consultancy, market development and consultation, etc.


9.   NET INCOME FROM FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR
     LOSS
                                                                                                                   2021                    2020
                                                                                                                 HK$’000                 HK$’000


     Fair value loss on listed equity security in
        Hong Kong                                                                                                   (1,667)                (3,333)
     Fair value gain on listed equity security outside
        Hong Kong                                                                                                 485,348                268,305
     Investment income at fair value, net                                                                           1,167                  6,437

                                                                                                                  484,848                271,409


10. FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                                                   2021                    2020
                                                                                                                 HK$’000                 HK$’000


     Interest on bank and other borrowings:
        — wholly repayable within five years                                                                       90,191                112,877
     Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                  2,773                  2,544

                                                                                                                   92,964                115,421




                                                                                                                                              1 47
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

11.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                                                       2021                 2020
                                                                                                     HK$’000              HK$’000


      Current tax:
        The PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                                370,443              296,475
        Deferred tax (notes 24 and 35)                                                                10,357               (4,101)

                                                                                                     380,800              292,374


      No provision for Hong Kong profits tax has been made in the consolidated financial statements as the Company did not
      have any assessable profits subject to Hong Kong profits tax tax for both years. Provision on profits assessable elsewhere has
      been calculated at the rate of tax prevailing to the countries to which the Group operates, based on existing legislation,
      interpretations, and practices in respect thereof.

      Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax
      rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% from 1 January 2008 onwards.

      According to the relevant the PRC tax regulations, High-New Technology Enterprise (the “HNTE”) operating within a High
      and New Technology Development Zone are entitled to a reduced Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT”) rate of 15%. Certain
      subsidiaries are recognised as HNTE and accordingly, are subject to EIT at 15%. The recognition as a HNTE is subject to
      review on every three years by the relevant government bodies.

      The charge for the year is reconciled to the profit per the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
      income as follows:


                                                                                                       2021                 2020
                                                                                                     HK$’000              HK$’000


      Profit before tax                                                                            2,785,832            2,073,583

      Tax at the average income tax rate                                                              505,996             518,396
      Tax effect of share of results of associates                                                    (44,270)             (9,416)
      Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                                            89,535              23,835
      Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                                                (77,520)            (75,653)
      Tax effect of deductible temporary differences not recognised                                    (4,412)                260
      Effect of tax exemptions granted to the PRC subsidiaries                                        (23,870)            (17,481)
      Income tax on concessionary rate                                                               (137,683)           (172,364)
      Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                                          73,024              24,797

      Tax charge for the year                                                                        380,800              292,374




148
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

12. PROFIT FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                                        2021         2020
                                                                                                      HK$’000      HK$’000


     Profit for the year is stated after charging:
     Staff costs (excluding Directors’ emoluments (note 15)) comprises:
       — Wages and salaries                                                                          1,265,065     974,924
       — Retirement benefits schemes contributions                                                      82,188      12,585

                                                                                                     1,347,253     987,509

     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                          305,504      259,821
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 17)                                                     16,991       15,580
     Amortisation of intangible assets (note 23)                                                       17,024       11,660

     Total depreciation and amortisation                                                              339,519      287,061

     (Reversal)/allowance for ECL on financial assets
       — trade and other receivables                                                                    11,774        9,888
       — amounts due from related companies                                                            (11,389)       7,090
       — loan receivables                                                                                  (32)         827

     Allowance for ECL of financial assets at amortised cost, net                                         353       17,805

     Auditors’ remuneration
       — audit services                                                                                  3,400        3,400
       — non-audit services                                                                                  –            –

     Cost of inventories recognised as an expense (Note)                                             3,350,737    2,317,725
     Gain on sales and lease back transaction, net                                                      (2,372)      (8,576)
     Write-off of property, plant and equipment                                                         31,087        7,009
     Research and development expenditure                                                              331,421      219,310
     Marketing and promotion expenses                                                                  634,985      521,456
     Impairment loss on inventories                                                                      1,042        8,165
     Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                   3,920        3,587
     Net foreign exchange loss                                                                          35,802       26,612
     Short-term lease rental expenses                                                                    1,026        4,777
     Fair value change on derivative financial instruments                                               8,350            –

     Note: There are approximately HK$388,870,000 (2020: HK$306,720,000) related to cost of sales.




                                                                                                                        149
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

13. DIVIDEND
      (i)     Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the company attributable to the
              year

                                                                                                                         2021                 2020
                                                                                                                       HK$’000              HK$’000


              Final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period
                 of HK$0.11 per share (2020: HK$0.11 per share)                                                         390,450             390,450


      (ii) Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the company attributable to the
           previous financial year, approved and paid during the year

                                                                                                                         2021                 2020
                                                                                                                       HK$’000              HK$’000


              Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year, approved and
                 paid during the year, of HK$0.11 per share (2020: HK$0.096)                                            390,450             324,245


14. EARNINGS PER SHARE
      Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity owners of the Company by the weighted
      average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year, excluding ordinary shares purchased by the Group and
      held as treasury shares.


                                                                                                                         2021                 2020
                                                                                                                       HK$’000              HK$’000


      Earnings
      Earnings for the purpose of basic earnings per share calculation                                               2,402,563             1,792,661


                                                                                                                            2021               2020
                                                                                                                             ’000               ’000


      Number of shares
      Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose
        of basic earnings per share calculation (Note)                                                               3,548,050             3,445,243

      Note:

      As at 31 December 2021, treasury shares are deducted from total shares in issue for the purpose of calculating earnings per share.


      Diluted earnings per share is the same as the basic earnings per share for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 as
      there were no potential dilutive ordinary shares in issue.




150
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

15. DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
     (a) Directors’ emoluments
           Details of directors’ emoluments are as follows:


                                                                                                 2021                2020
                                                                                               HK$’000             HK$’000


           Fees:
             Executive directors                                                                      92                150
             Independent non-executive directors                                                     340                340

                                                                                                     432                490
           Other emoluments:
             Salaries and allowances                                                               4,079              1,926
             Retirement benefits scheme contributions                                                 43                 18

                                                                                                   4,554              2,434


           No emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors as an inducement to join, or upon joining the Group, or as
           compensation for loss of office for both years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.

           The emoluments paid or payable to each of the nine (2020: seven) directors for the year ended 31 December 2021 are
           as follows:


                                                                                              Retirement
                                                                                                 benefits
                                                                            Salaries and         schemes
                                                                  Fees       allowances     contributions           Total
                                                               HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000


           Executive directors:
           Mr. Liu Chengwei (retired on 1 June 2021)                 21                –                –               21
           Mr. Hu Bo (retired on 1 June 2021)                        21                –                –               21
           Dr. Shao Yan (Former chief executive officer)              –            2,345               18            2,363
           Dr. Niu Zhanqi                                            50                –                –               50
           Dr. Tang Weikun (Chairman)
             (appointed on 1 June 2021)                                –           1,073               25            1,098
           Dr. Shi Lin (appointed on 1 June 2021)                      –             661                –              661

           Independent non-executive directors:
           Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie                                  180                 –                  –           180
           Mr. Hu Yebi                                              100                 –                  –           100
           Dr. Pei Geng                                              60                 –                  –            60

           Total                                                    432            4,079               43            4,554




                                                                                                                         151
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

15. DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
      (a) Directors’ emoluments (Continued)
           Details of directors’ emoluments for the year ended 31 December 2020 are as follows:


                                                                                                    Retirement
                                                                                                       benefits
                                                                               Salaries and           schemes
                                                                    Fees        allowances        contributions      Total
                                                                 HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000     HK$’000


           Executive directors:
           Mr. Liu Chengwei                                            50                –                   –          50
           Mr. Hu Bo                                                   50                –                   –          50
           Dr. Shao Yan (Chief executive officer)                       –            1,926                  18       1,944
           Dr. Niu Zhanqi                                              50                –                   –          50

           Independent non-executive directors:
           Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie                                    180                –                     –       180
           Mr. Hu Yebi                                                100                –                     –       100
           Dr. Pei Geng                                                60                –                     –        60

           Total                                                      490            1,926                  18       2,434


           During year ended 31 December 2021, no directors of the Company agreed to waive or waived any emoluments.

           During the year ended 31 December 2020, Dr. Shao Yan agreed to waive a portion of emoluments of approximately
           HK$252,000.

           During the year ended 31 December 2020, the executive director of the Company, Dr. Shao Yan, was also the chief
           executive officer of the Company.

      (b) Five Highest Paid Individuals
           The five individuals with the highest emoluments in the Group, one (2020: one) was the director of the Company
           whose emoluments were included above. The emoluments of the remaining four (2020: four) individuals are as
           follows:


                                                                                                      2021           2020
                                                                                                    HK$’000        HK$’000


           Employees
             Salaries and allowances                                                                  11,442         8,377
             Retirement benefits schemes contributions                                                   443           373

                                                                                                      11,885         8,750




152
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

15. DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
     (b) Five Highest Paid Individuals (Continued)
           These emoluments were within the following bands:

                                                                                                2021               2020
                                                                                               No. of             No. of
                                                                                           employees          employees


           Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                                       –                 –
           HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                              –                 –
           HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                              –                 2
           Over HK$2,000,000                                                                         4                 2

                                                                                                     4                 4


           During both years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the five highest
           paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

     (c) Senior Management of the Group
           The emoluments of the senior management who are non-director of the Group are within the following band.

                                                                                                2021               2020
                                                                                               No. of             No. of
                                                                                           employees          employees


           Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                                       1                 3
           HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                              2                 1
           HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                              –                 1
           Over HK$2,000,000                                                                         2                 –

                                                                                                     5                 5


           During both years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the senior
           management as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.




                                                                                                                      153
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                  Owned       Allocated    Plant and      Motor                              Construction
                                                buildings          land   machinery     vehicles    Equipment      Others     in progress        Total
                                                  HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000


      Cost
      As at 1 January 2020                       1,553,394        1,678    1,838,398      30,476        83,713        412         745,426     4,253,497
      Additions                                     17,545            –       86,790       3,911        18,848          –          81,917       209,011
      Disposals                                     (2,109)           –      (37,947)     (3,818)       (4,877)         –               –       (48,751)
      Write-off                                     (3,886)           –      (41,959)     (2,089)       (1,104)         –               –       (49,038)
      Transfer                                     317,284            –       26,317           –        29,967          –        (373,568)            –
      Exchange realignment                         110,188          100      110,953       1,701         7,276          –          28,317       258,535

      As at 31 December 2020 and
        1 January 2021                           1,992,416        1,778    1,982,552      30,181       133,823        412         482,092     4,623,254
      Additions                                     64,926            –      103,031       4,613        27,405          –         271,595       471,570
      Disposals                                          –            –      (48,514)     (3,334)         (305)         –               –       (52,153)
      Acquired through acquisition of assets/
        business combination                       72,915            –        88,026         125             37         –               –       161,103
      Write-off                                      (919)           –       (92,224)     (4,235)        (7,515)        –               –      (104,893)
      Transfer                                    156,838            –       154,361           –              –         –        (311,199)            –
      Exchange realignment                         70,821           59        66,668         954          4,735         –          15,322       158,559

      As at 31 December 2021                     2,356,997        1,837    2,253,900      28,304       158,180        412         457,810     5,257,440

      Accumulated depreciation
         and impairment
      As at 1 January 2020                        409,054            –       842,788      14,719        65,054        412               –     1,332,027
      Depreciation provided for the year           77,078            –       155,496       2,562        24,685          –               –       259,821
      Eliminated on disposals                      (7,021)           –       (30,002)     (3,340)       (3,270)         –               –       (43,633)
      Eliminated on write-off                      (1,612)           –       (38,452)     (1,027)         (938)         –               –       (42,029)
      Exchange realignment                         28,024            –        50,106         778         4,944          –               –        83,852

      As at 31 December 2020 and
         1 January 2021                           505,523            –       979,936      13,692        90,475        412               –     1,590,038
      Depreciation provided for the year           98,477            –       175,314       5,386        26,327          –               –       305,504
      Eliminated on disposals                           –            –       (21,900)     (2,289)         (255)         –               –       (24,444)
      Eliminated on write-off                        (328)           –       (64,811)     (3,238)       (5,429)         –               –       (73,806)
      Exchange realignment                         17,788            –        29,411         454         3,312          –               –        50,965

      As at 31 December 2021                      621,460            –     1,097,950      14,005       114,430        412               –     1,848,257
      Net carrying amounts
      As at 31 December 2021                    1,735,537        1,837    1,155,950      14,299        43,750           –        457,810     3,409,183

      As at 31 December 2020                     1,486,893        1,778    1,002,616      16,489        43,348          –         482,092     3,033,216




154
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
     The above items of property, plant and equipment, except for construction in progress and allocated land are depreciated
     on a straight-line basis, at the following rates per annum:

     Buildings                                2.5%–10%
     Plant and machinery                      5%–25%
     Equipment                                12%–33.3%
     Motor vehicles                           10%–25%
     Others                                   12.5%–20%

     Allocated land is located in the PRC and is not specified by the PRC government authorities with the period of usage. The
     allocated land is restricted for disposal or transfer, but can be leased or pledged to other parties upon obtaining the
     approval from the relevant PRC’s authorities.

     Buildings are held in the PRC under medium-term leases.

     As at 31 December 2021, certain buildings in the Group aggregated amount of approximately HK$121,315,000 (2020:
     HK$136,000) have been pledged to banks to secure general bank loans granted to the Group as further detailed in note 43.




                                                                                                                         155
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                                                          Motor vehicle               Buildings
                                                                             leased for              leased for                 Land
                                                                              own used                 own use              right use               Total
                                                                                HK$’000                 HK$’000               HK$’000             HK$’000


      Cost
      As at 1 January 2020                                                               245               19,033              356,934            376,212
      Additions                                                                            –               10,172               20,029             30,201
      Exchange realignment                                                                 7                1,150               20,522             21,679

      As at 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                                          252               30,355              397,485            428,092

      Acquisition of asset/business combination (note 40)                                  –                    –                14,999            14,999
      Additions                                                                          734                3,226                     –             3,960
      Termination of lease                                                              (264)              (6,288)                    –            (6,552)
      Exchange realignment                                                                12                  581                13,162            13,755

      As at 31 December 2021                                                             734               27,874              425,646            454,254

      Accumulated depreciation
      As at 1 January 2020                                                               112                4,070                29,666            33,848
      Depreciation provided for the year                                                 133                6,298                 9,149            15,580
      Exchange realignment                                                                 7                  258                 1,286             1,551

      As at 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                                          252               10,626                40,101            50,979

      Depreciation provided for the year                                                 122                7,061                 9,808            16,991
      Termination of leases                                                             (264)              (6,288)                    –            (6,552)
      Exchange realignment                                                                 2                   88                   218               308

      As at 31 December 2021                                                             112               11,487                50,127            61,726
      Net carrying amounts
      As at 31 December 2021                                                            622               16,387              375,519             392,528
      As at 31 December 2020                                                                –              19,729              357,384            377,113

      Notes:

      1.       The Group leases several assets including office premises and land right use. The average lease term is 7 years (2020: 7 years).

      2.       The total cash outflow for leases amount approximately to HK$8,478,000 (2020: HK$26,971,000) for the year ended 31 December 2021.




156
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                          2021         2020
                                                                                        HK$’000      HK$’000


     Residential properties                                                             167,151       132,696


                                                                                          2021         2020
                                                                                        HK$’000      HK$’000


     As at 1 January                                                                    132,696        79,815
     Fair value gain recognised in profit or loss (note 8)                               29,575        45,648
     Exchange realignment                                                                 4,880         7,233

     As at 31 December                                                                  167,151       132,696


     Asset measured at fair value

                                                                                2021
                                                              Level 1     Level 2         Level 3      Total
                                                             HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000


     Investment properties located in PRC                           –           –        167,151     167,151


                                                                                 2020
                                                               Level 1     Level 2         Level 3     Total
                                                              HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000    HK$’000


     Investment properties located in PRC                           –           –         132,696     132,696




                                                                                                          157
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
      (a) Valuation of investment properties
           The investment properties amounted of approximately HK$167,151,000 (2020: HK$132,696,000) of the Group were
           stated at fair value as at 31 December 2021. The fair value of investment properties as at 31 December 2021 and 2020
           were arrived at based on the valuations carried out by Wuhan Huasheng Zhenghao Assets Appraisal Co., Ltd.*. *(This is
           the English translation of Chinese name or words which included for identification purposes only).

           The valuer has valued the properties on the basis of comparable market transactions as available. Discussions of
           valuation processes and results are held between the Group and valuers at least once every six months, in line with
           the Group’s interim and annual reporting dates. As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the fair values of the properties
           have been determined by the valuer. At each financial year end, the Group (i) verifies all major inputs to the
           independent valuation report; (ii) holds discussions with the independent valuer.

           Market approach method is adopted based on the principle of substitution, where comparison is made based on
           prices realised on actual sales and/or asking prices of comparable properties. Comparable properties of similar size,
           scale, nature, character and location are analysed and carefully weighed against all the respective advantages and
           disadvantages of each property in order to arrive at a fair comparison of market value and capital values.

           The valuation assumptions, unless otherwise stated, the valuer assumed that:

           (a)   The assets within the scope of the assessment are owned by the appraised unit and there is no ownership
                 dispute;

           (b)   The assessment information provided by the entrusting party and the appraised unit is true, lawful and
                 complete; and

           (c)   The assessment data collected by the assessors in the capacity range is authentic and credible.

           There has been no change from the valuation technique used during the year. In estimating the fair value of the
           properties, the highest and best use of the properties is their current use.

           The valuation of investment properties is determined by various major inputs:

           As at 31 December 2021, the major key inputs applied in valuing the investment properties were market selling price
           per each square meter. The range of unit market price were from RMB3,268 to RMB3,464 (2020: RMB1,764 to
           RMB2,801).

           Another unobservable input was volume rate of the land use right. The ranges of plot ratio of investment properties
           were from 1.8 to 3.3 (2020: 3.7 to 4.0). An increase in volume rate would result in increase in the fair value of
           investment properties.




158
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

19. LOAN RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                   2021                2020
                                                                                                 HK$’000             HK$’000


     Loan receivables:
     Within one year                                                                              113,985            113,959
     Two to five years                                                                                  –             46,503

                                                                                                  113,985            160,462
     Less: allowance for ECL                                                                         (795)              (827)

     Total loan receivables                                                                       113,190            159,635

     Less: Current portion                                                                       (113,190)            (45,676)

     Non-current portion                                                                                  –          113,959


     The loan receivable was secured by shares of an unlisted company with a fixed interest rate of 8% per annum.

20. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                                   2021                2020
                                                                                                 HK$’000             HK$’000


     Cost of unlisted investments                                                               7,647,643           5,668,961
     Share of post-acquisition profits and other comprehensive income                              82,606             277,292

     Group interests in associates                                                              7,730,249           5,946,253
     Amounts due from associates                                                                  336,420             186,813

                                                                                                8,066,669           6,133,066


     Amounts due from associates are unsecured, interest-free and not repayable/recoverable within next twelve months.




                                                                                                                          159
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

20. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      The summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s material associates is set out below:

      Shanghai Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Company Limited (the “Xudong Haipu”)

                                                                                                       2021        2020
                                                                                                     HK$’000     HK$’000


      Total assets                                                                                 2,653,980    2,553,345
      Total liabilities                                                                             (385,160)    (397,210)

      Net assets of the associate                                                                  2,268,820    2,156,135
      Less: Non-controlling interests                                                                (68,007)     (52,239)

      Net assets attributable to owners of associate                                               2,200,813    2,103,896

      Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                                 1,210,447    1,157,143
      Goodwill
      1,352,663
                                                                                                   1,006,962      974,667

                                                                                                   2,217,409    2,131,810

      Revenue                                                                                      1,443,419    1,212,540

      Profit for the year                                                                            507,914     456,205

      Share interest in an associate for the year                                                    279,353     250,913

      Dividend received                                                                             (198,753)   (195,530)




160
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

20. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
     Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd. (the “Grand Pharma Sphere”)

                                                                                                                  2021                    2020
                                                                                                                HK$’000                 HK$’000


     Total assets                                                                                            12,370,610              12,596,769
     Total liabilities                                                                                       (4,081,954)             (5,777,797)

     Net assets                                                                                                8,288,656              6,818,972

     Group’s interest in the associate                                                                         4,873,267              3,341,296

     Revenue                                                                                                   1,242,167              1,220,699

     Loss for the year                                                                                            (18,028)               (94,829)

     Share of results of an associate for the year                                                                 (9,835)               (46,466)


     Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material

                                                                                                                  2021                    2020
                                                                                                                HK$’000                 HK$’000


     The Group’s share of results of associates (note a)                                                        (155,656)              (142,468)

     The Group’s interest in associates                                                                          639,573                473,147

     Note:

     (a)     The share of results mainly consist of share of loss from OncoSec Medical Incorporated amounted approximately to HK$139,938,000 (2020:
             HK$135,843,000) (based on its management account adjusted under international generally accepted accounting principals).




                                                                                                                                              161
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

20. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      Details of the principal associates as at 31 December 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

                              Place of         Form of               Percentage of effective   Particulars of
                              incorporation/   business             equity interest and voting issued/paid-up
      Name                    operation        structure           power held by the Company capital                      Principal activities
                                                                         2021           2020


      Yangxin Fuxin           PRC/PRC          Limited liability       40.32%         40.32%     Contributed capital      Production and sales of fine
        (note (a) & (k))                         company             (indirect)     (indirect)     RMB2,000,000             chemicals and chemical
                                                                                                                            medicine

      Cardionovum Holding     Hong Kong/       Limited liability       33.33%         33.33%     Contributed capital      Development, production and
        (note (b))              Hong Kong        company             (indirect)     (indirect)     USD93,000,000            distribution of advanced
                                                                                                                            cardiovascular interventional
                                                                                                                            medical devices and the
                                                                                                                            provision of related services

      East Ocean              Hong Kong/       Limited liability            NA        23.69%     Issued capital           Investment holding
        (note (c) & (k))        Hong Kong        company               (direct)       (direct)      HK$117,000,000/
                                                                                                    contributed capital
                                                                                                    HK$58,500,001

      Xudong Haipu            PRC/PRC          Limited liability       55.00%         55.00%     Contributed capital      Production and sales of
        (note (d) & (j))                         company             (indirect)     (indirect)     RMB60,000,000            pharmaceutical preparations
                                                                                                                            for injections

      Grand Pharma Sphere     Singapore/       Limited liability       56.84%         49.00%     Contributed capital      Investment holding
        (note (e))               Singapore       company             (indirect)     (indirect)     USD100

      Revolmmune              PRC/PRC          Limited liability        8.91%          9.68%     Issued capital           Development of colorectal
        (note (f) & (k))                         company             (indirect)     (indirect)      RMB813,447/             cancer medicine
                                                                                                    contributed capital
                                                                                                    RMB272,269

      Nanjing Fuhan           PRC/PRC          Limited liability       51.00%         51.00%     Contributed capital      Investment holding
        (note (g) & (k))                         company             (indirect)     (indirect)     RMB40,000,000

      Nanjing Kainite         PRC/PRC          Limited liability       29.27%         29.17%     Contributed capital      Development of
        (note (h) & (k))                         company             (indirect)     (indirect)     RMB3,100,000             Neurological intervention

      OncoSec (note (i))      USA/USA          Limited liability       42.71%         43.38%     Contributed capital      Development of
                                                 company             (indirect)     (indirect)     USD2,769                 cancer immunotherapy




162
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

20. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
     Notes:

     (a)      Yangxin Fuxin was an associate of Hubei Grand Fuchi Pharmaceutical and Chemical Company Limited (“Hubei Fuchi”) and Hubei Fuchi was
              acquired by the Group as a subsidiary pursuant to an agreement signed on 2 March 2010.

              The Group held approximately 40.22% equity interest in Yangxin Fuxin and are accounted for the investment as an associate. The Group had
              further acquired approximately 0.24% equity interest in Grand Pharm (China). Immediately after completion of this acquisition, the Group’s
              equity interest in Yangxin Fuxin was increased from 40.22% to 40.32%.

     (b)      Cardionovum Holding was an associate of Grand Wise International Trading Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and
              Cardionovum Holding was establish with individual third party. The Company had subscribed for approximately 33.33% of the enlarged
              issued share capital of the Cardionovum Holding pursuant to an agreement signed on 21 April 2015, and are accounted for the investment in
              an associate.

              The Group is able to exercise significant influence over Cardionovum Holding because it has the power to appoint one out of the five
              directors of that company under the shareholders agreement.

     (c)      East Ocean was an associate of the Company and East Ocean was establish with a connected person of the Company. During the year ended
              31 December 2020, the Company had contributed approximately HK$27,717,000, which increased the equity interest to 23.69%. The Group is
              able to exercise significant influence over East Ocean because it has the power to appoint one out of the three directors of that company
              under the shareholders agreement.

              During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company had further acquired 752 shares of East Ocean. The Group gain full control over East
              Ocean since the completion of acquisition. Details of the acquisition are stated in note 40.

     (d)      Xudong Haipu was an associate of Taiwan Tung Yang International Company Limited (“Tung Yang”). The Company entered into the
              acquisition agreement, the Company had acquired 100% of the Tung Yang shares at aggregate consideration HK$2,004,227,000 which are
              settled by cash and shares. Upon completion of the acquisition, Tung Yang is directly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Shanghai
              Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd (“Xudong Haipu”) and its subsidiaries are classified as associates of the Company after Completion. This
              is because material decisions of Xudong Haipu (including but not limited to the approval of its annual budget, manufacturing plan and profit
              distribution policy) are subject to the resolutions of the board of directors of Xudong Haipu which must be passed by at least two-third of its
              directors in attendance under the articles of association of Xudong Haipu. As the Tung Yang entitled to appoint only four out of the seven
              directors of Xudong Haipu, the Tung Yang does not have control over the operations and financial management of Xudong Haipu.

              The completion of the acquisition took place on 5 September 2018. Details of the acquisition of the Tung Yang are disclosed in the
              announcement of the Company dated 24 May 2018, 31 July 2018 and 24 August 2018.

              Even the Company was holding 55% of shares of Xudong Haipu, since the resolutions requires at least 5 out of 7 directors’ approval to pass,
              where the Company only entitled to appoint 4 directors on the board meeting, the Company does not have control over the associate.

     (e)      Grand Pharma Sphere was an associate of Grand Decade Developments Limited (“Grand Decade”) and it was the immediate holder of Grand
              Pharma Sphere (Australia BidCo) Pte Ltd. (“BidCo”).

              The Company entered into the binding scheme implementation deed pursuant to which CDH Genetech Limited (“CDH Genetech”) and the
              Company had acquired 100% of the Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd. (formerly named Sirtex Medical Ltd.) (“Sirtex”) shares. The Company and CDH
              Genetech had established BidCo to acquire the Sirtex shares and paid aggregate consideration HK$2,907,725,000. Upon completion of the
              acquisition, the Company and CDH Genetech owned 49% and 51% of the issued shares capital of the BidCo respectively. The completion of
              the acquisition took place on 20 September 2018. Details of the acquisition of the BidCo are disclosed in the announcement of the Company
              dated 14 June 2018, 26 July 2018, 20 September 2018 and 12 March 2019.

              The Group entered into a subscription agreement with CDH Genetech pursuant to which the Group and CDH Genetech (or its nominee) will
              further subscribe shares of Grand Pharma Sphere in proportion to their respective equity interests. The total consideration for the further
              subscription is approximately HK$1,163,571,000 and the Group and CDH Genetech will invest for approximately HK$570,150,000 and
              HK$593,421,000 respectively.

              Details of the further subscription of the Grand Pharma Sphere was disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 4 May 2020.




                                                                                                                                                       163
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

20. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)

      (e)    (Continued)

             During the year ended 31 December 2021, there is an increase in shareholding in Grand Pharma Sphere through several transactions as
             described below. Details of the transactions are stated in the Company published announcement dated 2 July 2021, 11 August 2021 and 1
             September 2021 and circular dated 13 September 2021.

             On 1 July 2021, the Group has entered into a subscription agreement with Grand Pharma Sphere, pursuant to which, the Group has agreed to
             subscribe for and Grand Pharma Sphere has agreed to issue and allot 84,704,650 Grand Pharma Sphere Shares for a consideration of US$100
             million. The subscription was completed in July 2021. As at 31 December 2021, the shareholdings in Grand Pharma Sphere held by the Group,
             has been increased by approximately 0.15% after a series of transactions.

             The Group has also entered into two agreements of total return swap transaction (“TRS Agreements”) with a financial institution (the “Natixis”),
             pursuant to which, among other things, the Natixis shall pass through to the Company the full economic exposure to the shares of Grand
             Pharma Sphere (“Sirtex HoldCo Shares”) acquired by the Natixis pursuant to the Natixis’s Subscriptions.

             In view of the TRS Agreements, the total of Sirtex HoldCo Shares held by the Natixis which was acquired by the Natixis under the Natixis’s
             Subscription (the “Natixis Shares”) are treated as part of the existing ownership interests of the Group in Grand Pharma Sphere for the purpose
             of applying the equity method of accounting as the terms of the TRS Agreement are such that it is the Company that has access to the
             returns associated with an ownership interest in the Natixis’s shares currently held by the Natixis. In such circumstances, the proportion of
             ownership interest in Grand Pharma Sphere allocated to the Group is determined by taking into account the Shares held by the Natixis that
             currently give the Group access to the returns. The Group’s effective interests in Grand Pharma Sphere, has been increased by 7.69%.

             Hence, the Group has, in substance, an existing ownership interest in respect of the 84,704,650 Sirtex HoldCo Shares as a result of the TRS
             transaction. A corresponding liability of USD100,000,000, which is equivalent to HK$777,256,000, representing the potential future payments
             was recognised at initial recognition of these ownership interests, which is disclosed under “Bank and other borrowings” of consolidated
             statement of financial position.

      (f)    Revolmmune Therapeutics Co., Ltd. (“Revolmmune”) was an associate of Grand Pharm (China). The Company had subscribed for
             approximately 9.68% of issued share capital of the Revolmmune pursuant to an agreement signed on 13 July 2020, and are accounted for the
             investment in an associate.

             As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s equity interest in Revolmmune had decreased from 9.68% to 8.91%.

             The Group is able to exercise significant influence over Revolmmune because it has the power to appoint one out of the five directors of that
             company under the shareholders agreement.

      (g)    Nanjing Fuhan Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“Nanjing Fuhan”) was an associate of the Company and Nanjing
             Fuhan was establish with Xudong Haipu which was another associate of the Company. The Company had held 51% of issued share capital of
             the Nanjing Fuhan as at 31 December 2020.

             Even the Company was holding 51% of shares of Nanjing Fuhan, since the resolutions requires over 50% of the total number of directors (2
             directors in total) to pass, where the Company only entitled to appoint 1 director on the board meeting, the Company does not have control
             over the associate.

      (h)    Nanjing Kainite Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Kainite”) was an associate of Grand Pharm (China). The Company had subscribed for
             approximately 29.17% of issued share capital of the Nanjing Kainite on 27 July 2020. Pursuant to an agreement, the Company will inject and
             acquire to 100% equity interest of capital into Nanjing Kainite in phases if the conditions are met, and are accounted for the investment in an
             associate.

             As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s equity interest in Nanjing Kainite had increased from 29.17% to 29.27%.

             The Group is able to exercise significant influence over Nanjing Kainite because it has the power to appoint one out of the three directors of
             that company under the shareholders agreement.




164
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

20. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
     Notes: (Continued)

     (i)    OncoSec Medical Incorporated (“OncoSec”) was an associate of Grand Decade Developments Limited (“Grand Decade”).

            The Company had acquired approximately of 43.95% of the issued shares capital of the OncoSec at aggregate consideration for approximately
            HK$193,929,000 which are settled by cash. The completion of the acquisition took place on 7 February 2020. Details of the acquisition of the
            OncoSec are disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 10 October 2019, 26 November 2019 and 7 February 2020.

            Since OncoSec has announced offering of common stock of an aggregate 4,608,589 shares of USD3.25 per share on 16 August 2020, the
            Company had acquired 1,999,000 of new placing shares at aggregate consideration of approximately HK$50,396,000. Furthermore, OncoSec
            has announced offering of common stock of an aggregate 7,711,284 shares of USD5.45 per share on 21 January 2021. The Group had acquired
            3,389,198 of new placing shares at aggregate consideration approximately HK$144,075,000. And according to the anti-dilution terms of stock
            purchase agreement on 19 October 2019, the Group has the right to acquire further shares when certain share options issued by OncoSec
            were exercised, and the Group had acquired 1,409,838 shares of USD3.45 per share on 16 April 2021 at aggregate consideration of
            approximately HK$37,939,000.

            As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s equity interest in OncoSec had decreased from 43.38% to 42.71%.

            The Group is able to exercise significant influence over OncoSec because it has the power to appoint three out of the nine directors of that
            company under the shareholders agreement.

     (j)    Xudong Haipu is wholly foreign owned enterprises.

     (k)    These companies are wholly-domestic owned enterprises.


     The above table lists associates of the Group which, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, principally affected the
     results of the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the group. To give details of other associates would, in
     the opinion of the directors of the Company, result in particulars of excessive length.

21. GOODWILL
                                                                                                                                            HK$’000


     As at 1 January 2020                                                                                                                    480,321
     Exchange realignment                                                                                                                     25,253

     As at 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                                                                                               505,574
     Arising on acquisition of a subsidiary                                                                                                   75,912
     Exchange realignment                                                                                                                     15,260
     As at 31 December 2021                                                                                                                596,746




                                                                                                                                                  165
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

21. GOODWILL (Continued)
      Impairment Tests for Cash-generating Units Containing Goodwill
      Goodwill acquired has been allocated for impairment testing purposes to the following cash generating units (“CGU”):

      —     Zhejiang Jianju Xianle Pharmaceutical Company Limited (“Zhejiang Xianle”)

      —     Wuhan Kernel Bio-tech Co., Ltd. (“Wuhan Kernel”)

      —     Hubei Wellness Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Hubei Wellness”)

      —     Beijing Rui Yao Technology Limited (“Beijing Rui Yao”)

      —     Beijing Jiu He Pharmaceutical Limited (“Jiu He”)

      —     Tianjin Jingming New Technology Development Co., Ltd. (“Tianjin Jingming”)

      —     Xi’an Beilin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Xi’an Beilin”)

      —     Cangzhou Huachen BioTech Co., Ltd (“Huachen BioTech”)

      —     Beijing Puer Weiye Biotechnology Co., Ltd (“Puer Weiye”)

      The Group tests goodwill annually for impairment, or more frequently if there are indications that goodwill might be
      impaired.

      Before recognition of impairment losses, the carrying amount of goodwill was allocated to CGU as follows:


                                                                                                     2021               2020
                                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000


      Zhejiang Xianle                                                                               54,944              54,944
      Wuhan Kernel                                                                                  17,146              16,597
      Hubei Wellness                                                                                24,738              23,945
      Beijing Rui Yao                                                                               26,419              25,572
      Jiu He                                                                                       196,902             190,589
      Tianjin Jingming                                                                              66,708              64,569
      Xi’an Beilin                                                                                 133,977             129,358
      Huachen BioTech (note 40)                                                                     64,815                   –
      Puer Weiye (note 40)                                                                          11,097                   –

                                                                                                   596,746             505,574




166
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

21. GOODWILL (Continued)
     Impairment Tests for Cash-generating Units Containing Goodwill (Continued)
     Notes:

     Zhejiang Xianle

     The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
     financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 16% (2020: 18%) that reflects
     current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
     using 2% growth rate per annum (2020: 3%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the
     recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

     As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment loss was
     recognised.

     Wuhan Kernel

     The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
     financial budgets approved by management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 14% (2020: 16%) that reflects current
     market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated using 2%
     growth rate per annum (2020: 3%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the
     recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

     As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment loss was
     recognised.

     Hubei Wellness

     The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
     financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 14% (2020: 16%) that reflects
     current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
     using 2% growth rate per annum (2020: 3%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the
     recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

     As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment loss was
     recognised.

     Beijing Rui Yao

     The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
     financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 14% (2020: 18%) that reflects
     current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
     using 2% growth rate per annum (2020: 3%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the
     recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

     As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment loss was
     recognised.

     Jiu He

     The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
     financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 14% (2020: 16%) that reflects
     current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
     using 2% growth rate per annum (2020: 3%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the
     recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

     As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill and intangible assets (note 23) are allocated,
     no impairment loss was recognised.




                                                                                                                                                167
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

21. GOODWILL (Continued)
      Impairment Tests for Cash-generating Units Containing Goodwill (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)

      Tianjin Jingming

      The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
      financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 15% (2020: 17%) that reflects
      current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
      using 2% growth rate per annum (2020: 3%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the
      recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

      As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill and intangible assets (note 23) are allocated,
      no impairment loss was recognised.

      Xi’an Beilin

      The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
      financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 14% (2020: 16%) that reflects
      current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
      using 2% growth rate per annum (2020: 3%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the
      recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

      As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill and intangible assets (note 23) are allocated,
      no impairment loss was recognised.

      Huachen BioTech

      The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
      financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 10.8% that reflects current market
      assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated using 2.2% growth
      rate per annum. The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable amount is based
      would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

      As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment loss was
      recognised.

      Puer Weiye

      The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
      financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 14.3% that reflects current market
      assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated using 2.2% growth
      rate per annum. The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable amount is based
      would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

      As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment loss was
      recognised.


      The key assumptions used in the value in use calculations for the cash-generating units are as follows:

      Budgeted market share                     Average market share in the period immediately before the budget period, plus a growth of 2% (2020: 3%)
                                                of market share per year. The values assigned to the assumption reflect past experience and are consistent
                                                with the directors’ plans for focusing operations in these markets. The directors believe that the planned
                                                market share growth per year for the next five years is reasonably achievable.

      Budgeted gross margin                     Average gross margins achieved in the period immediately before the budget period, increased for
                                                expected efficiency improvements. This reflects past experience.




168
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

22. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES
     Particulars of the Group’s principal subsidiaries as at 31 December 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

                                             Place of         Form of               Percentage of effective       Particulars of
                                             incorporation/   business             equity interest and voting     issued/paid-up
       Name                                  operation        structure           power held by the Company       capital               Principal activities
                                                                                        2021             2020


       Grand Pharm (China) (notes (iv),      PRC/PRC          Limited liability       99.84%           99.84%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of
         (vi), (vii), (viii) & (xxvii))                         company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB470,000,000       pharmaceutical products
                                                                                                                                         in the PRC

       Wuhan Wuyao (notes (i) & (viii))      PRC/PRC          Limited liability       99.18%           99.18%     Contributed capital   Production and sale of
                                                                company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB61,000,000         pharmaceutical raw material and
                                                                                                                                          chemicals and export of self-made
                                                                                                                                          products and related technologies

       Wuhan Grand Hoyo                      PRC/PRC          Limited liability       97.67%           87.69%     Paid up capital       Manufacture and distribution of
        (notes (ii), (viii), (xvi), (xxv),                      company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB50,000,000        amino acid products
        (xxvi) and (xxix)

       Hubei Fuchi                           PRC/PRC          Limited liability       89.60%           89.60%     Contributed capital   Production and sales of
         (notes (viii) and (xx))                                company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB38,990,000         agrochemicals, fine chemicals
                                                                                                                                          and chemical medicine

       Hubei Grand EBE Bright Eyes           PRC/PRC          Limited liability       99.84%           99.84%     Contributed capital   Production and sales of ophthalmic
         Company Limited                                        company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB114,000,000        gel and eye drops
         (“Hubei Grand EBE”)
         (note (viii))

       Zhejiang Xianle (note xxvii)          PRC/PRC          Limited liability       67.00%           67.00%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of steroid
                                                                company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB10,000,000        hormones active pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                         ingredients (“APls”) and related
                                                                                                                                         Intermediates

       Wuhan Kernel                          PRC/PRC          Limited liability       91.56%           91.56%     Contributed capital   Research and development,
        (notes (iii), (viii) , (xvi)                            company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB79,200,000         production and sale of
        and (xvii))                                                                                                                       bio-pesticides and additives

       Hubei Wellness (notes (v) & (viii))   PRC/PRC          Limited liability       99.84%           99.84%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of
                                                                company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB48,000,000        pharmaceutical products
                                                                                                                                          in the PRC

       Grand Pharmaceutical Huangshi         PRC/PRC          Limited liability       59.90%           59.90%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of
         Feiyun Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                        company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB125,000,000       pharmaceutical products
         (“Huangshi Feiyun”)                                                                                                             in the PRC
         (notes (viii) & (ix))

       Beijing Rui Yao (notes (x) & (xii))   PRC/PRC          Limited liability       99.84%           99.84%     Contributed capital   Investment holding
                                                                company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB23,901,750

       Beijing Huajin Pharmaceutical         PRC/PRC          Limited liability       71.88%           71.88%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of
         Co., Ltd. (“Beijing Huajin”)                           company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB7,886,400         pharmaceutical products
         (notes (viii), (x) & (xii))                                                                                                     in the PRC




                                                                                                                                                                         169
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

22. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
                                       Place of         Form of               Percentage of effective       Particulars of
                                       incorporation/   business             equity interest and voting     issued/paid-up
       Name                            operation        structure           power held by the Company       capital               Principal activities
                                                                                  2021             2020


       Huangshi Fuchi Water Affairs    PRC/PRC          Limited liability       99.84%           99.84%     Contributed capital   Treatment of sewage in the PRC
         Company Limited                                  company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB1,000,000
         (“Fuchi Water”) (note (xi))

       Jiuhe (note (xiii))             PRC/PRC          Limited liability       96.84%           96.84%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of capsules,
                                                          company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB20,000,000        pharmaceutical intermediates,
                                                                                                                                   tablets, granules and soft capsules
                                                                                                                                   in the PRC

       Tianjin Jingming (note (xiv))   PRC/PRC          Limited liability       73.18%           73.18%     Contributed capital   Research and development,
                                                          company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB1,000,000          manufacture and sales of
                                                                                                                                    ophthalmic medical devices and
                                                                                                                                    disposal surgical product

       Zhu Hai Cardionovum Medical     PRC/PRC          Limited liability       77.89%           77.89%     Contributed capital   Development, manufacture and
         Device Co. Ltd. (“Zhu Hai                        company             (indirect)       (indirect)     USD1,000,000          sales of ophthalmic medical
         Cardionovum”) (note (xv))                                                                                                  devices

       Xi’an Beilin (note (xvii))      PRC/PRC          Limited liability       99.84%           99.84%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of Chinese
                                                          company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB27,800,000        medicine and health food product

       Grand Decade (note (xxii))      BVI/BVI          Limited liability         100%             100%     Contributed capital   Investment holding
                                                          company               (direct)         (direct)     HKD78,000

       Tung Yang (note (xxiii))        Hong Kong/       Limited liability         100%             100%     Contributed capital   Investment holding
                                         Hong Kong      company                 (direct)         (direct)     USD2,944,611

       Beijing Kun Wu International    PRC/PRC          Limited liability       99.84%           99.84%     Contributed capital   Land holding
         Business Limited                                 company             (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB18,000,000
         (“Beijing Kun Wu”)
         (note (xxv))

       Huachen BioTech                 PRC/PRC          Limited liability       77.94%                 –    Contributed capital   Research and development,
         (note (xxx))                                     Company             (indirect)                      RMB100,000,000        sales and technical services
                                                                                                                                    of amino acid products

       East Ocean Medical              Hong Kong/       Limited liability         100%               NA     Contributed capital   Investment holding
         (notes (xxvii) and (xxxi))      Hong Kong        Company               (direct)                      USD12,000,000

       Beijing Puer Weiye              PRC/PRC          Limited liability       99.84%               NA     Contributed capital   Radioactive Pharmaceutical
         Biotechnology Co., Ltd.                          company             (indirect)                      RMB10,000,000         production and trading of
                                                                                                                                    radioactive pharmaceutical




170
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

22. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     Notes:

     (a)      Detail of subsidiaries

              None of the subsidiaries had any debt securities outstanding at the end of the year or at any time during the year.

              (i)      Pursuant to a shareholders’ resolution dated 4 January 2011, the registered capital of Wuhan Wuyao was increased from
                       RMB31,000,000 to RMB61,000,000. Then, Grand Pharm (China) injected additional capital of RMB30,000,000 into Wuhan Wuyao. As a
                       result, the Group’s equity interest in Wuhan Wuyao was increased from 72.72% to 73.18%. The registration of this transaction under
                       the PRC government authority was completed on 20 January 2011.

              (ii)     Wuhan Grand Hoyo became a subsidiary of the Group in 2010.

                       During the year ended 31 December 2010, a further 6.4% equity interest in Wuhan Grand Hoyo was acquired by Grand Pharm (China).
                       As a result, the effective equity interest in Wuhan Grand Hoyo held by the Group was increased from 41.26% to 45.97%.

              (iii)    Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with Wuhan Optics to acquire 81.0263% equity interest in Wuhan Kernel on 22
                       September 2011. The effective equity interest in Wuhan Kernel held by the Group is 59.69% upon the completion of the acquisition on
                       17 November 2011.

              (iv)     Pursuant to an agreement dated 14 February 2012, the Group acquired additional 2.28% equity interest in Grand Pharm (China) from
                       the non-controlling interests of Grand Pharm (China) at a cash consideration of RMB9.66 million (approximately HK$11.91 million). The
                       Group recognised a decrease in non-controlling interests and other reserve of approximately HK$18,047,000 and HK$6,133,000
                       respectively.

              (v)      Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with 湖北絲寶藥業有限公司 to acquire 100% equity interest in Hubei Wellness
                       Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. on 22 November 2012. The effective equity interest in Hubei Wellness held by the Group is 99.60% upon the
                       completion of the acquisition on 22 November 2012.

              (vi)     Pursuant to share transfer agreement dated on 17 December 2012, the Group further entered into an agreement to acquire
                       approximately 20.26% equity interest in Grand Pharm (China) at the consideration of RMB136.40 million (approximately HK$169.66
                       million) (representing approximately RMB6.73 million per each percentage of equity interest in Grand Pharm (China)). This acquisition
                       had been completed on 28 December 2012. Immediately after completion of this acquisition on 28 December 2012, the equity
                       interest held by the Group in Grand Pharm (China) was approximately 96.21%.

              (vii)    Pursuant to share transfer agreement dated on 21 December 2012, the Group further entered into an agreement to acquire
                       approximately 3.39% equity interest in Grand Pharm (China) at the consideration of RMB20.06 million (representing approximately
                       RMB5.92 million per each percentage of equity interest in Grand Pharm (China)). This acquisition had been completed on 28
                       December 2012. Immediately after completion of this acquisition on 28 December 2012, the equity interest held by the Group in
                       Grand Pharm (China) was approximately 99.6%. As a result of the acquisition detail on note (iv), (vi) & (vii), the Group’s equity interest in
                       Wuhan Wuyao was increased from 73.18% to 98.94%; Wuhan Grand Hoyo was increased from 45.97% to 62.15%; Hubei Fuchi was
                       increased from 60.72% to 82.09%; Hubei Grand EBE was increased from 73.67% to 99.60% and Wuhan Kemel was increased from
                       59.69% to 80.70%.

              (viii)   Pursuant to share transfer agreement dated on 10 October 2014, Grand Pharm (China) had increased the paid-up capital to
                       RMB470,000,000. The Group had paid RMB285,000,000 during the year ended 2014. After the payment of additional paid-up capital,
                       the Group further acquired approximately 0.24% equity interest in Grand Pharm (China) at the consideration of RMB1.134 million
                       (representing approximately RMB4.725 million per each percentage of equity interest in Grand Pharm (China)). This acquisition had
                       been completed on 23 October 2014. Immediately after completion of this acquisition on 23 October 2014, the equity interest held by
                       the Group in Grand Pharm (China) was approximately 99.84%. As a result of the acquisition detail on notes (iv), (vi) & (vii), the Group’s
                       equity interest in Wuhan Wuyao was increased from 98.94% to 99.18%; Wuhan Grand Hoyo was increased from 62.15% to 62.30%;
                       Hubei Fuchi was increased from 82.09% to 82.29%; Hubei Grand EBE was increased from 99.60% to 99.84%, Wuhan Kemel was
                       increased from 80.70% to 80.90%. Hubei Wellness was increased from 99.60% to 99.84%; Huangshi Feiyun was increased from 59.76%
                       to 59.90% and Beijing Huajin was increased from 50.80% to 50.92%.




                                                                                                                                                              171
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

22. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)

      (a)    Detail of subsidiaries (Continued)

             (ix)     Pursuant to an agreement dated 22 February 2013, the Group established and owned 60% equity interest in Huangshi Feiyun. The
                      effective equity interest in Huangshi Feiyun held by the Group is 59.76% on 22 February 2013.

             (x)      Pursuant to an agreement dated 16 July 2013, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with Beijing Kun Wu International
                      Business Limited to acquire 70.84% equity interest in Beijing Rui Yao on 31 October 2013. Beijing Rui Yao also owning 72% equity
                      interest in Beijing Huajin without any encumbrances and potential disputes, and upon completion of Rui Yao acquisition, Grand
                      Pharm (China) will own approximately 70.56% equity interest in Rui Yao and approximately 50.80% equity interest in Beijing Huajin
                      indirectly through Rui Yao.

             (xi)     The Group established and owned 99.84% equity interest in Fuchi Water. The effective equity interest in Fuchi Water held by the
                      Group is 99.84% on 30 September 2014.

             (xii)    Pursuant to an agreement dated 11 December 2014, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with Beijing Kun Wu
                      International Business Limited to acquire 29.16% equity interest in Beijing Rui Yao on 1 January 2015. Beijing Rui Yao also owning 72%
                      equity interest in Beijing Huajin without any encumbrances and potential disputes, and upon completion of Rui Yao additional
                      acquisition, the Group will own approximately 99.84% equity interest in Rui Yao and approximately 71.88% equity interest in Beijing
                      Huajin indirectly through Rui Yao.

             (xiii)   Pursuant to an agreement dated 17 July 2015, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with Ningbo CDH Jinxiu Investment
                      Management Company Limited (the “Ningbo CDH”) to acquire 67.00% equity interest in Jiuhe on 31 July 2015 and upon completion
                      of Jiuhe acquisition, the Group will own approximately 66.89% equity interest in Jiuhe. During the year ended 2015, a further 30.00%
                      equity interest in Jiuhe was acquired by Grand Pharm (China). As a result, the effective equity interest in Jiuhe held by the Group was
                      increased from 66.89% to 96.84%.

             (xiv)    Pursuant to an agreement dated 22 December 2014, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with Wu Liang and Fan Li Jin to
                      acquire 73.30% equity interest in Tianjin Jingming on 1 January 2015. The effective equity interest in Tianjin Jingming held by the
                      Group is 73.18% on 1 January 2015.

             (xv)     The Group established and owned 77.89% equity interest in Zhu Hai Cardionovum. The effective equity interest in Zhu Hai
                      Cardionovum held by the Group is 77.89% on 9 October 2015.

             (xvi)    During the year ended 31 December 2016, the Group increase effective equity interest by 13.44% in Huang Gang Fuchi Pharmaceutical
                      Co., Ltd. from the non-controlling interests at consideration of three subsidiaries shares of 2.59% in Wuhan Grand Hoyo; 2.11% in
                      Wuhan Kemel and 3.47% in Hubei Grand Bio-technology Limited.

             (xvii)   During the year ended 31 December 2016, the Group acquired additional 1.55% and 16.05% equity interest in Wuhan Kernel from the
                      non-controlling interests of Wuhan Kernel at a cash consideration of RMB3,000,000 and RMB20,180,000 (approximately HK$3,362,000
                      and HK$22,614,000). The Group recognised an decrease in non-controlling interests and decrease in other reserve of approximately
                      HK$28,165,000 and HK$2,059,000 respectively.




172
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

22. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     Notes: (Continued)

     (a)    Detail of subsidiaries (Continued)

            (xviii) Pursuant to an agreement dated 29 June 2016, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with independent third parties to
                    acquire 77.21% equity interest in Xi’an Beilin on 13 July 2016. Xi’an Beilin also owing 100%, 100% and 79% equity interest in Shenxi Xin
                    Beilin Medical Company Limited (the “Shenxi Xin Beilin”), Xi’an Hanyuan Shiye Company Limited (the “Xi’an Hanyuan Shiye”) and Xi’an
                    Beilin Biological Technology Company Limited (the “Xi’an Beilin Biological”) without any encumbrances and potential disputes, and
                    upon completion of Xi’an Beilin acquisition, the Group will own approximately 77.09% equity interest in Xi’an Beilin and approximately
                    77.09%, 77.09% and 60.91% equity interest in Shenxi Xin Beilin, Xi’an Hanyuan Shiye and Xi’an Beilin Biological indirectly through Xi’an
                    Beilin. During the year ended 31 December 2016, the Group derecognised Xi’an Beilin Biological Technology.

                     During the year ended 31 December 2017, Grand Pharm (China) acquire additional 22.79% equity interest in Xi’an Beilin from the non-
                     controlling interests of Xi’an Beilin at a cash consideration of RMB131,512,000 (approximately HK$151,606,000), and upon completion
                     of the further acquisition, the Group will own approximately 99.84% equity interest in Xi’an Beilin and approximately 99.84% and
                     99.84% equity interest in Shenxi Xin Beilin and Xi’an Huanyuan Shiye indirectly through Xi’an Beilin. The Group recognised a decrease
                     in non-controlling interests and decrease in other reserve of approximately HK$113,123,000 and HK$38,484,000 respectively.

            (xix)    During the year ended 31 December 2017, Wuhan Kernel had increased the contributed capital to RMB79,200,000. After the payment
                     of additional of contributed capital, Grand Pharm (China) disposed 4.9% equity interest in Wuhan Kernel to independent third party at
                     a cash consideration of RMB12,740,000 (approximately HK$14,687,000). Upon the completion of the partial disposal, the Group will
                     own approximately 91.56% equity interest in Wuhan Kernel indirectly. The Group recognised an increase in non-controlling interests
                     and increase in other reserve of approximately HK$5,832,000 and HK$8,853,000 respectively.

            (xx)     During the year ended 31 December 2017, Grand Pharm (China) acquire additional approximately 7.32% equity interest in Hubei Fuchi
                     from the non-controlling interests of Hubei Fuchi at a cash consideration of approximately RMB11,679,000 (approximately
                     HK$13,463,000), and upon completion of the further acquisition, the Group will own approximately 89.60% equity interest in Hubei
                     Fuchi. The Group recognised a decrease in non-controlling interests and decrease in other reserve of approximately HK$7,506,000 and
                     HK$5,957,000 respectively. As a result of the acquisition, the Group’s equity interest in Wuhan Grand Hoyo was increased from 59.71%
                     to 60.80%; and Hubei Fuchi was increased from 82.29% to 89.60%.

            (xxi)    During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Company establish Grand Decade for the purpose of acquiring associate, Grand
                     Pharma Sphere.

            (xxii)   During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Company acquire 100% equity interest in Tung Yang at aggregate consideration
                     HK$2,004,227,000. Upon completion, Xudong Haipu becomes an associate of the Company.

            (xxiii) Pursuant to an agreement dated 20 November 2019, the Group acquired additional of 24.6% equity interest in Wuhan Grand Hoyo
                    from the non-controlling interests of Wuhan Grand Hoyo at a cash consideration of RMB73,724,700 (approximately HK$83,630,000),
                    and upon completion of the further acquisition, the effective equity interest in Wuhan Grand Hoyo held by the Group is approximately
                    84.76%. The Group recognised a decrease in non-controlling interests and other reserve of approximately HK$77,803,000 and
                    HK$5,827,000 respectively.




                                                                                                                                                      173
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

22. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
       Notes: (Continued)

       (a)    Detail of subsidiaries (Continued)

              (xxiv) During the year ended 31 December 2019, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with 北京瑞雅科國際企業管理有限公司
                     to acquire 100% equity interest in Beijing Kun Wu. The effective equity interest in Beijing Kun Wu held by the Group is 99.84% upon
                     the completion of the acquisition on 1 May 2019.

              (xxv)   Pursuant to an agreement dated 16 July 2020, the Group acquired additional of 3.0% equity interest in Wuhan Grand Hoyo from the
                      non-controlling interests of Wuhan Grand Hoyo at a cash consideration of RMB8,990,800 (approximately HK$10,102,000), and upon
                      completion of the further acquisition, the effective equity interest in Wuhan Grand Hoyo held by the Group is approximately 87.69%.

              (xxvi) The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Group, which, in the opinion of the Directors, principally affected the results or assets of
                     the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors result in particulars of excessive lengths.

              (xxvii) These companies are foreign and domestic owned enterprises.

              (xxviii) Except the companies listed in note (xxvii), all other companies incorporated and operating in PRC are wholly domestic owned
                       enterprises.

              (xxix) Pursuant to an agreement dated 31 July 2021, the Group acquired additional of 9.98% equity interest in Wuhan Grand Hoyo from the
                     non-controlling interests of Wuhan Grand Hoyo at a cash consideration of RMB51,980,000 (approximately HK$63,020,000), and upon
                     completion of the further acquisition, the effective equity interest in Wuhan Grand Hoyo held by the Group is approximately 97.67%.

              (xxx)   In October 2021, Hubei Grand Life Science & Technology Co., Ltd. (“Grand Life Science”) of the Group entered into an equity acquisition
                      agreement with Hebei Huayang Biological Technology Co., Ltd.*, pursuant to which Grand Life Science will acquire 80% equity interest
                      in Cangzhou Huachen BioTech Co., Ltd.* (滄州華晨生物科技有限公司, “Huachen BioTech”) at a consideration of RMB107,200,000
                      (equivalent to approximately HK$130,852,000) to establish a presence in the glycine industry chain and lay a foundation for the
                      establishment of the Group’s leading position in the amino acid industry.

              (xxxi) East Ocean Medical became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group in 2021. During the year ended 31 December 2021, a further 752
                     shares of East Ocean Medical was acquired by the Company.

       (b)    Detail of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests

                                       Place of
                                       incorporation/         Proportion of ownership
                                       registration       interests and voting rights held       Profits allocated to                 Accumulated
              Name of Company          and operation        by non-controlling interests       non-controlling interests         non-controlling interests
                                                                   2021               2020           2021              2020            2021              2020


              Wuhan Grand Hoyo         PRC/PRC                    2.33%             12.31%          2,765             11,463         12,680             50,638

              Jiuhe                    PRC/PRC                   3.16%              3.16%           5,828             4,860         18,830             17,134

              Wuhan Kernel             PRC/PRC                   8.44%              8.44%           3,439             4,179         27,907             23,976


              Summarised financial information in respect of each of the Group’s subsidiaries that has material non-controlling interests is set out below.
              The summarised financial information below represents amounts before intragroup eliminations.




1 74
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

22. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     Notes: (Continued)

     (b)    Detail of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests (Continued)

            Wuhan Grand Hoyo and its subsidiaries

                                                                                                                  2021        2020
                                                                                                                HK$’000     HK$’000


            Current assets                                                                                       587,842    427,423
            Non-current assets                                                                                    72,881     58,891
            Current liabilities                                                                                 (115,335)   (72,856)
            Non-current liabilities                                                                               (1,034)    (2,098)
            Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                         531,674    360,722
            Non-controlling interests                                                                             12,680     50,638

            Revenue                                                                                            1,056,972     640,376
            Other revenue and income                                                                               9,052       9,780
            Expenses                                                                                            (947,347)   (574,938)

            Profit for the year                                                                                 118,677      75,218

            Profit attributable to owners of the Company                                                        115,912      63,755
            Profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                      2,765      11,463

            Total comprehensive income for the year                                                             134,158      99,738

            Total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the Company                                    131,032      84,538
            Total comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests                                  3,126      15,200

            Dividend paid to non-controlling interest                                                                  –           –
            Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                             46,748      72,947
            Net cash outflow from investing activities                                                           (90,754)    (39,834)
            Net cash outflow from financing activities                                                            (1,044)     33,919
            Effect of foreign exchange rate charges                                                                6,866      11,246

            Net cash inflow                                                                                      (38,184)    78,278




                                                                                                                                175
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

22. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)

      (b)    Detail of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests (Continued)

             Wuhan Kernel

                                                                                                                  2021        2020
                                                                                                                HK$’000     HK$’000


             Current assets                                                                                      193,087     176,003
             Non-current assets                                                                                  370,583     306,837
             Current liabilities                                                                                (187,183)   (159,574)
             Non-current liabilities                                                                             (41,868)    (35,787)
             Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                        306,712     263,503
             Non-controlling interests                                                                            27,907      23,976

             Revenue                                                                                             261,908     215,019
             Other revenue and income                                                                             18,717      15,168
             Expenses                                                                                           (238,942)   (179,663)

             Profit for the year                                                                                 41,683      50,524

             Profit attributable to owners of the Company                                                        38,244      46,345
             Profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                     3,439       4,179

             Total comprehensive income for the year                                                             45,930      56,498

             Total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the Company                                    42,434      52,090
             Total comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests                                 3,496       4,408

             Dividend paid to non-controlling interest                                                              (227)      (218)
             Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                            82,284    117,360
             Net cash outflow from investing activities                                                          (96,324)   (99,435)
             Net cash inflow/(outflow) from financing activities                                                   3,275    (22,846)
             Effect of foreign exchange rate charges                                                              10,112      1,711

             Net cash outflow                                                                                       (880)     (3,428)




176
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

22. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     Notes: (Continued)

     (b)    Detail of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests (Continued)

            Jiu He

                                                                                                                        2021                     2020
                                                                                                                      HK$’000                  HK$’000


            Current assets                                                                                             422,139                 440,147
            Non-current assets                                                                                         620,814                 609,411
            Current liabilities                                                                                       (363,453)               (426,474)
            Non-current liabilities                                                                                    (82,713)                (80,061)
            Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                               577,957                 525,889
            Non-controlling interests                                                                                   18,830                  17,134

            Revenue                                                                                                    905,386                 781,277
            Other revenue and income                                                                                     5,324                   6,512
            Expenses                                                                                                  (725,987)               (633,750)

            Profit for the year                                                                                        184,723                 154,039

            Profit attributable to owners of the Company                                                               178,895                 149,179
            Profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                             5,828                   4,860

            Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                    203,286                 184,562

            Total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the Company                                           196,872                 178,739
            Total comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests                                         6,414                   5,823

            Dividend paid to non-controlling interest                                                                   (4,559)                 (5,533)
            Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                                  140,633                 171,473
            Net cash outflow from investing activities                                                                  (4,092)                (15,531)
            Net cash outflow from financing activities                                                                (173,119)               (156,434)
            Effect of foreign exchange rate charges                                                                     10,797                  16,355

            Net cash (outflow)/inflow                                                                                  (30,340)                 10,330


            Significant restrictions

            Cash and short-term deposits of RMB held in the PRC are subject to local exchange control regulations. These local exchange control
            regulations provide for restrictions on exporting capital from the PRC, other than through normal dividends.

     (c)    Change in ownership interests in Wuhan Grand Ho Yo and its subsidiaries

            During the year, the Group acquired 9.98% (2020: 2.92%) effective equity interests of from a non-controlling shareholder which is holding 10%
            (2020: 3%) interests of Wuhan Grand Ho Yo and its subsidiaries pursuant to an equity transfer agreement at a cash consideration of
            RMB51,980,000 (2020: RMB8,990,800) (approximately HK$63,020,000 (2020: HK$10,102,000)).




                                                                                                                                                   177
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

23. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                  Patent,
                                                                           trademark and
                                                                               capitalised
                                                       Pharmaceutical        development          Acquired
                                                          technology                  cost    Patent rights               Total
                                                              HK$’000             HK$’000          HK$’000              HK$’000


      Cost
      As at 1 January 2020                                         7,070          747,713            112,825            867,608
      Addition                                                         –                –             49,560             49,560
      Exchange realignment                                           419           44,389              9,409             54,217

      As at 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                    7,489          792,102            171,794            971,385
      Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 40)                            –                –             50,380             50,380
      Addition                                                         –           37,058             27,739             64,797
      Exchange realignment                                           248           26,238              3,930             30,416
      As at 31 December 2021                                      7,737          855,398            253,843          1,116,978
      Accumulated amortisation and
        impairment loss
      As at 1 January 2020                                         1,620                –             71,265              72,885
      Provided for the year                                          355                –             11,305              11,660
      Exchange realignment                                           113                –              4,884               4,997

      As at 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                    2,088                –             87,454              89,542
      Provided for the year                                          381                –             16,643              17,024
      Exchange realignment                                            75                –                573                 648
      As at 31 December 2021                                      2,544                 –           104,670            107,214

      Net carrying amounts
      As at 31 December 2021                                      5,193          855,398            149,173          1,009,764
      As at 31 December 2020                                       5,401          792,102             84,340            881,843


      The economic useful life of recognised intangible assets are as follows:

      Intangible assets                                                                                    Economic useful life
      Pharmaceutical technology                                                                                          20 years
      Acquired patent rights                                                                                      5 years–7 years
      Patents, trademarks and capitalised development cost                                                  indefinite useful lives

      The patents and trademarks will expire in the coming two to five years and subject to renewal. The directors of the Company
      are not aware of any expected impediment with respect to the renewal of the patents and trademarks and consider that the
      possibility of failing in renewal is remote and the patents and trademarks will generate net cash flows for the Group for an
      indefinite period. Therefore, the patents and trademarks are treated as having an indefinite useful life.




178
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

23. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
     The carrying amount of intangible assets were allocated to CGU as follow:


                                                                                                      2021                 2020
                                                                                                    HK$’000              HK$’000


     Jiuhe                                                                                          551,420              533,740
     Tianjin Jingming                                                                                57,431               55,590
     Xi’an Beilin                                                                                   209,489              202,772
     East Ocean                                                                                      38,816                    –
     Shenming Medical                                                                                11,564                    –

                                                                                                    868,720              792,102


     For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill, patents and trademarks above have been allocated to the acquired cash
     generating units, details of impairment assessment was set out in note 21. During the years ended 31 December 2021 and
     2020, the management of the Group determines that there is no impairment need of any of its CGUs containing goodwill,
     patents and trademarks.

24. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS
     The following are the major deferred tax assets recognised and the movements thereof during the current and prior years:

                                                                                                         ECL
                                                                                                   provision               Total
                                                                                                     HK$’000             HK$’000


     As at 1 January 2020                                                                              19,872             19,872
     Credited to profit or loss                                                                         3,898              3,898
     Exchange realignment                                                                               1,392              1,392

     As at 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                                                         25,162             25,162

     Arising on acquisition of subsidiaries (note 40)                                                      69                  69
     Charged to profit or loss                                                                         (1,373)             (1,373)
     Exchange realignment                                                                                 750                 750
     As at 31 December 2021                                                                           24,608             24,608


     As at 31 December 2021, the Group has unused tax losses of approximately HK$615,936,000 (2020: HK$213,821,000)
     available to offset against future profits. No deferred tax assets have been recognised in respect of the remaining tax losses
     of approximately HK$615,936,000 (2020: HK$213,821,000) due to the unpredictability of future profit streams.




                                                                                                                              179
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

25. PREPAYMENTS
      The amount represented prepayment of AUD25,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$139,391,000 (2020:
      HK$193,762,000)) and RMB82,556,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$101,072,000 (2020: HK$97,832,000)) paid to certain
      third party pharmaceutical institutes located in the PRC and Australia for the acquisition of certain technical knowhow for
      certain medication pursuant to agreements entered into between the Group and those pharmaceutical institutes.

      In addition, amounted to HK$11,497,000 was prepaid for purchase of treasury shares.

26. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                                                          2021                    2020
                                                                                                                        HK$’000                 HK$’000


      Listed equity security in HK (note (a))                                                                            33,332                  34,999
      Listed equity security in Australia (note (a))                                                                    905,156                 462,067
      Investment at fair value (note (b))                                                                               174,480                  23,701

                                                                                                                      1,112,968                 520,767

      Notes:

      (a)      Fair value was determined with reference to quoted market bid prices.

      (b)      As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the Group’s investment in wealth management products were designed at financial assets at fair value
               through profit or loss of which fair values are determined by reference to the quoted market bid prices available on the relevant PRC market.


      The financial assets at fair value through profit or loss were classified as level 1 of fair value hierarchy.

27. INVENTORIES
                                                                                                                          2021                    2020
                                                                                                                        HK$’000                 HK$’000


      Raw materials                                                                                                     285,761                 249,803
      Work-in-progress                                                                                                  335,679                 364,484
      Finished goods                                                                                                    495,716                 341,027

                                                                                                                      1,117,156                 955,314




180
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

28. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                                      2021                    2020
                                                                                                                    HK$’000                 HK$’000


     Trade receivables, net                                                                                          967,703                 815,265
     Bills receivables                                                                                               829,402                 692,807
     Deposits and prepayments (note (a))                                                                             638,524                 259,157
     Other tax receivables                                                                                            63,528                  47,334
     Other receivables, net (note (a))                                                                               162,293                  79,597

                                                                                                                  2,661,450                1,894,160

     Notes:

     (a)      The increase of deposits and prepayment and other receivables amount is mainly related to the deposit payment and milestone payment of
              various projects including (but not limited to) Conavi Medical Inc. project, Cardio Focus Inc. project, ALK-Abelló A/S project and Formosa
              Pharmaceuticals, Inc. project, etc. amounted to approximately HK$199,010,000. Also it was paid approximately HK$155,490,000 to Natixis as
              deposit for the Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd. (“Sirtex HoldCo”) project.


     The Group generally allows a credit period of 30–180 days (2020: 30–180 days) to its trade customers. The Group does not
     hold any collaterals over the trade and other receivables. The following is an aged analysis of trade receivables presented
     based on the invoice date at the reporting date. The bills receivables were all with maturity within 180 days from the
     reporting date.


                                                                                                                      2021                    2020
                                                                                                                    HK$’000                 HK$’000


     Trade receivables                                                                                            1,070,634                  922,892
     Less: allowance for ECL                                                                                       (102,931)                (107,627)

     Total trade receivables                                                                                         967,703                 815,265


     The ageing analysis of the trade receivables is as follows:


                                                                                                                      2021                    2020
                                                                                                                    HK$’000                 HK$’000


     Within 90 days                                                                                                  738,650                 631,810
     91–180 days                                                                                                     155,539                 106,230
     181–365 days                                                                                                     73,514                  77,225

                                                                                                                     967,703                 815,265




                                                                                                                                                   181
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

28. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
                                                                                                     2021                 2020
                                                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000


      Other receivables                                                                             208,435             122,850
      Less: allowance for ECL                                                                       (46,142)            (43,253)

      Total other receivables                                                                       162,293              79,597


      Allowance for ECL in respect of trade and other receivables are recorded using an allowance account unless the Group is
      satisfied that recovery of the amount is remote, in which case the impairment loss is written off against trade and other
      receivable balances directly.

      The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancement over its trade and other receivables balances. Trade
      and other receivables are non-interest bearing.

      The Directors considered that the residual amounts of trade and other receivables are fully recoverable and no provision for
      impairment.

29. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS
                                                                                                     2021                 2020
                                                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000


      Cash in banks                                                                               1,752,823            1,836,692
      Cash on hand                                                                                       37                    3

                                                                                                  1,752,860            1,836,695


      At the end of the reporting period, cash and cash equivalents comprise of the followings:


                                                                                                     2021                 2020
                                                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000


      HK$                                                                                             8,299               87,938
      USD                                                                                           111,744               38,547
      Australian dollars (the “AUD”)                                                                  3,801                  451
      Euro dollars (the “EURO”)                                                                          10                2,412
      RMB                                                                                         1,629,006            1,707,347

                                                                                                  1,752,860            1,836,695


      As at 31 December 2021, bank deposits of approximately HK$7,645,000 (2020: HK$30,910,000) are pledged as collateral for
      bills payables and bank borrowings respectively.

      As at 31 December 2021, the annual effective interest rate on pledged bank deposits is 1.18% (2020: 1.14%).

      The remittance of cash and cash equivalents denominated in RMB out of the PRC is subject to the foreign exchange control
      restrictions imposed by the government of the PRC.



182
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

30. EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
    INCOME
                                                                                                                              2021                     2020
                                                                                                                            HK$’000                  HK$’000


     Unlisted equity securities (note)                                                                                      145,685                   171,164

     Note:

     As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the fair value of the unlisted equity securities was arrived on the basis of valuations carried out by an independent
     professional valuer, details of movements are set out in note 5(b)(vi).


31. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                              2021                     2020
                                                                                                                            HK$’000                  HK$’000


     Trade payables                                                                                                         549,963                   400,142
     Bills payables                                                                                                         184,535                   262,346
     Accruals and other payables (note (a))                                                                               1,943,515                 1,321,868
     Other tax payables                                                                                                     193,746                   155,096

     Total                                                                                                                2,871,759                 2,139,452

     Contract liabilities (note (b))                                                                                        202,106                   269,049

     Notes:

     (a)      The increase of accruals and other payables is mainly related to the increment of accrued selling and operating expenses such as salaries,
              marketing and promotion, research and development expenses amounted to approximately HK$322,460,000, in order to cope with the
              expansion of business scope.

     (b)      Contract liabilities in relation to sales of finished goods are expected to be settled within one year. The entire amount of contract liabilities as
              at 1 January 2021 is all recognised as revenue during current year.


     The following is an aged analysis of trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period.


                                                                                                                              2021                     2020
                                                                                                                            HK$’000                  HK$’000


     Within 90 days                                                                                                         300,002                   237,868
     Over 90 days                                                                                                           249,961                   162,274

                                                                                                                            549,963                   400,142


     The average credit period on purchases of goods is 90 days.

     The bills payables are mature within 180 days from the end of the reporting period.




                                                                                                                                                            183
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

32. BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS
                                                                                                     2021                 2020
                                                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000


      Bank borrowings (secured)                                                                   2,849,285            2,345,686
      Other borrowing (unsecured)                                                                   777,256               21,330

                                                                                                  3,626,541            2,367,016

      Carrying amount repayable:
      On demand or within one year                                                                2,116,471            1,568,454
      More than one year but not exceeding two years                                              1,490,794              212,355
      More than two years but not more than five years                                               19,276              586,207

                                                                                                  3,626,541            2,367,016

      Less: non-current portion                                                                   1,510,070             798,562

      Current portion                                                                             2,116,471            1,568,454


      As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, certain bank loans are guaranteed by China Grand Enterprises Incorporation, a related
      company with common controlling shareholder of the Company, and secured by the plant and machinery, buildings, right-
      of-use assets, interests in subsidiaries and pledged bank deposits of the Group in the PRC as detailed in note 43.

      On 21 August 2020, the Group has borrowed secured bank borrowings of HK$700,000,000 that were charged at fixed
      interest rate of 1.4% plus HIBOR.

      On 29 April 2021 and 23 June 2021, the Group has borrowed secured bank borrowings of HK$430,000,000 and
      USD75,000,000 (equivalent to HK$582,098,000) that were charged at fixed interest rate of 1.4% plus HIBOR and 1.6% plus
      HIBOR respectively.

      The Group has entered into the TRS transaction with Natixis during the year ended 31 December 2021. As a result,
      unsecured other borrowings of USD100,000,000 (equivalent to HK$777,256,000) was raised. The Group shall pay a floating
      amount to Natixis, on a semi-annual basis, calculated with reference to the Equity Notional Amount at the USD-LIBOR-BBA
      for a designated maturity of 6 months (subject to a minimum of zero) plus a spread of 2.5% per annum (for the first two
      years) or 4.5% per annum (for the period after the first two years).

      Except above, remaining borrowings of the Group are denominated in RMB.

      As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the bank loans are granted by banks in the PRC and Hong Kong.

      Except for the bank loans of approximately HK$226,042,000 (2020: HK$1,199,842,000) that were charged at fixed interest rate
      2.18% to 6.89% (2020: 2.60% to 6.89%) per annum, all other bank loans bear variable interest rates from 3.5% to 6.89% (2020:
      2.85% to 6.09%) per annum.

      The Group has unsecured other borrowings of approximately HK$21,330,000 from Huangshi Zhongbang City Housing
      Investment Co., Ltd, independent third party, as at 31 December 2020, and it was fully repaid during the year ended 31
      December 2021.




184
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

33. LEASE LIABILITIES
     The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities of the Group’s lease liabilities at the current reporting
     periods and at the date of transition of HKFRS 16:


                                                                    As at                                   As at
                                                             31 December 2021                        31 December 2020
                                                             Present                                 Present
                                                         value of the          Total             value of the           Total
                                                           minimum         minimum                 minimum          minimum
                                                                lease          lease                    lease           lease
                                                           payments       payments                 payments         payments
                                                            HK$’000         HK$’000                  HK$’000          HK$’000


     Within 1 year                                              5,728              6,976               6,200               7,589

     After 1 year but within 2 years                            4,392              5,285               4,959               5,966
     After 2 years but within 5 years                           7,163              8,324               6,594               7,755
     After 5 years                                              1,751              3,086               3,609               5,343

                                                               13,306             16,695              15,162             19,064

                                                               19,034             23,671              21,362             26,653

     Less: total future interest expenses                                         (4,637)                                 (5,291)

     Present value of lease obligations                                           19,034                                 21,362


                                                                                                     As at               As at
                                                                                              31 December         31 December
                                                                                                     2021                2020
                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000


     Current liabilities                                                                              5,728               6,200
     Non-current liabilities                                                                         13,306              15,162

                                                                                                     19,034              21,362


     The carrying amount of the lease liabilities approximate their fair value. As at 31 December 2021, the Group leased property,
     plant and equipment under lease liabilities with net book value approximately HK$137,274,000 (2020: HK$149,624,000).




                                                                                                                             185
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

34. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/(TO) RELATED COMPANIES
      Details of amounts due from related companies are as follows:

                                                                                                                Balance at 31 December

      Name of related companies (note (a)):                                                                            2021                   2020
                                                                                                                   HK$’000                HK$’000


      Amounts due from related companies under common control
       of members/shareholder of the Group
       Baoding Jiufu Biochemical Company Limited                                                                         495                28,900
       Jiangsu Grand Xinyi Pharmaceutical Company Limited                                                              9,748                14,944
       Huadong Medicine Co. Ltd                                                                                        2,820                 1,481
       Guangdong Leiyunshang Pharmaceutical Company Limited                                                                –                   816
       Huadong Medicine Company Limited, Medicine Branch                                                                   –                   213
       Huadong Medicine (Lishui) Company Limited                                                                          63                    93
       Shenyang Yaoda Leiyunshang Pharmaceutical Company Limited                                                           –                    45
       Huadong Medicine (Xi’An) Bohua Pharmaceutical Company Limited                                                     126                   124
       Huadong Medicine (Hangzhou) Biological Products Company Limited                                                    29                     –
       Henan Grand Bio-Pharm.Co.,Ltd.                                                                                    160                     –
       Grand Bay Hotel Beijing                                                                                             –                    19
       Hangzhou Grand Biologic Pharmaceutical Inc                                                                          –                   123

                                                                                                                     13,441                 46,758
      Less: allowance for ECL                                                                                          (121)               (11,322)

                                                                                                                     13,320                 35,436

      Note:

      (a)     The name of related companies are English translation of Chinese name or words which included for identification purpose only and should
              not be regarded as the official English name or official translation of such Chinese name or words.


      Details of impairment assessment as at 31 December 2021 are set out in note 5(b)(iv).

      The Group had policy regarding impairment losses on amounts due from related parties which was based on the evaluation
      of collectability and on the management’s judgement including the current creditworthiness and the past collection history
      of each related party.

      Members of the shareholder of the Group have controlling interests over the related companies.

      The amounts due from/(to) related companies are unsecured, interest-free and recoverable/repayable on demand.




186
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

35. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES
     The followings are the major deferred tax liabilities recognised and movements thereof during the current and prior years:

                                                                                   Property,
                                                                                   plant and
                                                                                 equipment
                                                                                         and
                                                                 Intangible     right-of-use      Investment
                                                                     assets           assets       properties            Total
                                                                    HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000


     As at 1 January 2020                                            130,838           31,404            9,264          171,506
     Charged/(credited) to profit or loss                               (655)          (1,784)           2,236             (203)
     Exchange realignment                                              8,131            1,795              650           10,576

     As at 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                       138,314           31,415           12,150          181,879
     Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 40)                                 –            1,317                –            1,317
     Charged to profit or loss                                         1,587            3,987            3,410            8,984
     Exchange realignment                                              4,195            1,016              458            5,669
     As at 31 December 2021                                         144,096           37,735           16,018         197,849


     Under the EIT Law of the PRC, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned by the PRC
     subsidiaries from 1 January 2008 onwards. Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the consolidated financial
     statements in respect of temporary differences attributable to accumulated profits of the PRC subsidiaries amounting to
     approximately HK$6,537,720,000 (2020: approximately HK$6,985,920,000) and the estimated tax liabilities of approximately
     HK$326,886,000 (2020: approximately HK$349,296,000) as the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the
     temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

36. AMOUNT DUE TO THE IMMEDIATE HOLDING COMPANY
     As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the amount is unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.




                                                                                                                            187
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

37. DEFERRED INCOME
      The movement of deferred income is set out below:

                                                                                                                                                  HK$’000


      As at 1 January 2020                                                                                                                        466,613
      Compensation received during the year (note (b) and (d))                                                                                     14,853
      Credit to profit or loss                                                                                                                   (163,504)
      Exchange realignment                                                                                                                         23,644

      As at 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                                                                                                   341,606
      Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 40)                                                                                                         3,238
      Compensation received during the year (note (b) and (d))                                                                                      9,998
      Credit to profit or loss                                                                                                                    (41,151)
      Exchange realignment                                                                                                                         13,127
      As at 31 December 2021                                                                                                                     326,818

      Notes:

      (a)      On 5 February 2010, Grand Pharm (China) received a notice from Wuhan Municipal Government requesting it to relocate its existing
               production facilities to other places. According to the required land resumption procedures, Grand Pharm (China) submitted to the relevant
               municipal authorities an application for resumption of state-owned land use rights on 10 November 2010. Pursuant to the submission by
               Grand Pharm (China), the Land Reserve Centre had agreed to resume the land and buildings, structure and attachments (including
               immovable plant and equipment) located thereon and thereunder at the place where the production facilities of Grand Pharm (China) are
               situated (the “PRC Property”).

               On 25 November 2010, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with the Land Reserve Centre (the “Agreement”) which provides for
               detailed provisions as to Grand Pharm (China)’s agreement to surrender the PRC Property to the Land Reserve Centre and to relocate its
               production facilities to other locations and the Land Reserve Centre’s agreement to compensate for the resumption of the PRC Property and
               the relocation of the production facilities by Grand Pharm (China) (the “Relocation”). The compensation, as mutually agreed between Grand
               Pharm (China) and the Land Reserve Centre, amounts to RMB855,000,000 (the “Compensation”) and will be settled by instalments in the way
               as further detailed below.

               Pursuant to the Agreement, the Compensation for the Relocation of RMB855,000,000 is comprising (i) a relocation commencement fee of
               RMB100,000,000; (ii) compensation for loss of profits of RMB85,500,000; and (iii) other compensation of RMB669,500,000, which shall be
               payable by the Land Reserve Centre to Grand Pharm (China) as follows:

               (i)    RMB171,000,000, which includes the relocation commencement fee of RMB100,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$114,943,000),
                      is payable within 30 working days from the effective date of the Agreement (the “First Instalment”). This amount was received by
                      Grand Pharm (China) during the year ended 31 December 2010 upon the fulfillment of certain conditions by the Group, which
                      includes the procurement and provision of documents necessary for the initiation of the Relocation. The remaining amount of
                      RMB71,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$83,529,000) was also received by Grand Pharm (China) during the year ended 31
                      December 2010.

               (ii)   RMB85,500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$105,329,000), is payable within 30 working days upon completion of the
                      responsibilities of Grand Pharm (China) as stated in Clauses 11(1)(i) and (ii) of the Agreement, which include, among other things, the
                      surrender of all relevant documents in respect of the PRC Property to the Land Reserve Centre for deregistering the title to land within
                      15 days after the effective date of the Agreement, and the commencement of the relocation plan and construction of production
                      facilities at the new location(s) (the “Second Payment”). This amount was received by Grand Pharm (China) during the year ended 31
                      December 2011.




188
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

37. DEFERRED INCOME (Continued)
     Notes: (Continued)

     (a)    (Continued)

            (iii)   RMB427,500,000, being 50% of the Compensation, is payable commencing from the completion of the Second Payment, by semi-
                    annual instalments of RMB85,500,000 each, and shall pay within 30 days of the last month of each instalment period until completion
                    of the payment for the last instalment or until completion of relocation and delivery of vacant possession of the PRC Property to the
                    Land Reserve Centre by Grand Pharm (China) (in which case the instalment payments will be consolidated or accelerated), whichever
                    is earlier. During the year ended 31 December 2011 and 2013, RMB85,500,000 and RMB283,500,000 (equivalent to approximately
                    HK$105,330,000 and HK$357,580,000) were received by Grand Pharm (China) respectively. During the year ended 31 December 2014,
                    RMB58,500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$73,629,000) was received by Grand Pharm (China).

            (iv)    the last instalment of RMB171,000,000 is payable within 30 days upon completion of relocation and delivery of vacant possession of
                    the PRC Property to the Land Reserve Centre by Grand Pharm (China) and the receipt of all title documents in respect of the PRC
                    Property by the Land Reserve Centre from Grand Pharm (China). During the year ended 31 December 2014, RMB171,000,000
                    (equivalent to approximately HK$215,219,000) was received by Grand Pharm (China).

            The Compensation received or which becomes receivable is initially recognised as deferred income and subsequently recognised as income
            in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the
            Compensation is intended to compensate. The Compensation which is intended for expenses of losses already incurred or for the purpose of
            giving immediate financial support to the entity with no future related costs is recognised in profit or loss of the period in which it is received
            or becomes receivable.

            The relocation commencement fee of RMB100,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$114,943,000), being part of the First Instalment, was
            received by Grand Pharm (China) upon the fulfillment of certain conditions by the Group, which included the procurement and provision of
            documents necessary for the initiation of the Relocation. The relocation commencement fee was recognised in the profit for the year ended
            31 December 2010 upon the fulfillment of the aforesaid conditions by the Group.

            The remaining part of the Compensation of RMB755,000,000 is intended to compensate the Group for (i) loss of profit as to the amount of
            RMB85,500,000 and (ii) the cost of removing the production facilities, the cost of establishing new production facilities in other places and the
            estimated future appreciation in value of the land as included in the PRC Property and other related expenses. The Compensation related to
            depreciable assets is recognised in profit or loss over the periods and in the proportion in which depreciation expense on those assets is
            recognised. The Compensation related to the loss of profits and expenses of removing the production facilities is recognised in profit or loss
            in the same period as the recognition of the relevant loss or expenses. In the event that the relevant loss or expenses are unable to be
            identified, the recognition of the related part of the Compensation to profit or loss will be deferred until the completion of the Relocation.
            During the years ended 31 December 2010 and 2011, the Group has received part of the Compensation of RMB71,000,000 (equivalent to
            approximately HK$83,529,000) and RMB171,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$210,659,000) respectively. During the years ended 31
            December 2012, the Group did not receive any Compensation. During the years ended 31 December 2013 and 2014, the Group has received
            part of Compensation of RMB283,500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$357,580,000) and RMB229,500,000 (equivalent to approximately
            HK$288,848,000) respectively.

            During the year ended 31 December 2020, Wuhan Wuyao received one of the construction completion reports to verify partially the
            completion of the Relocation. Therefore, the Group recognised approximately RMB20,464,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$22,994,000)
            related to depreciable assets over their useful life and approximately RMB101,910,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$114,509,000) in
            regards to relevant loss or expenses which were unable to identified and deferred until completion of the Relocation.




                                                                                                                                                         189
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

37. DEFERRED INCOME (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)

      (b)    Wuhan Kernel entered into an agreement with The People’s Government of Xiantao which provides for detailed provisions as to promote
             economic development of Xiantao and expand its operation scale.

             During the year ended 31 December 2020, the compensation, as mutually agreed between Wuhan Kernel and The People’s Government of
             Xiantao, amounts to RMB1,108,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$1,245,000). The compensation was recognised in the statement of profit
             or loss started from 31 December 2020 based on remaining years of useful lives of the land use right.

             During the year ended 31 December 2021, Wuhan Kernel entered into an agreement with Xiantao Municipal Bureau of Economy and
             Information Technology which provides subsidies for operational expansion. The compensation, as mutually agreed between Wuhan Kernel
             and Xiantao Municipal Bureau of Economy and Information Technology, amounts to RMB5,800,000 (equivalent to approximately
             HK$6,987,000). The expansion was finished during the year then ended and the Company achieve the consideration and obtain the approval
             from the PRC Government. The compensation was recognised in the statement of profit or loss started from 31 December 2021 over five
             years.

      (c)    On 20 September 2019, Jiuhe entered into an agreement with Beijing Fangshan District Association for Science and Technology which
             provides for research and development expenditure allowance, amounting to RMB1,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$1,134,000). As
             at 31 December 2019, 2020 and 2021, the Company did not achieve all consideration and obtain the approval from the PRC Government.

      (d)    On 20 September 2019, Wuhan Wuyao entered into an agreement with The People’s Government of Xiantao which provides for land bidding.
             The compensation, as mutually agreed between Wuhan Wuyao and The People’s Government of Xiantao, amounts to RMB12,111,000
             (equivalent to approximately HK$13,608,000). The acquisition of land right use was finished at 29 May 2020, the Company achieve the
             consideration and obtain the approval from the PRC Government. The compensation was recognised in the statement of profit or loss started
             from 31 December 2020 over useful lives of the land right use.

             On 15 July 2021, Hubei Wellness entered into an agreement with The People’s Government of Xiantao which provides for research and
             development expenditure allowance, amounting to RMB2,500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$3,011,000). As at 31 December 2021, the
             Company did not achieve all consideration and obtain the approval from the PRC Government.




190
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

38. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                      Number of shares at                              Share capital at
                                                                31 December             31 December            31 December            31 December
                                                                       2021                    2020                   2021                   2020
                                                                        ’000                    ’000               HK$’000                 HK$’000


     Authorised
     Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each                             100,000,000              100,000,000             1,000,000                1,000,000

     Issued and fully paid
     As at 1 January 2021 and 2020                                   3,549,571               3,377,571                35,496                  33,776
     Issued under subscription                                               –                 172,000                     –                   1,720

     As at 31 December 2021 and 2020                                 3,549,571               3,549,571                35,496                  35,496


     Notes:


     As at 31 December 2021, the Company, through a trust, held 22,430,500 shares in treasury for the purpose of a share award scheme. The fair value of
     the purchased shares was deducted from equity as “Treasury shares” for an amount of approximately HK$143,503,000.


39. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT
     As at 31 December 2021, all of the derivative financial instruments are interest rate swaps. The Groups entered into cross
     currency swap contracts with banks to manage the exposure to the interest rate risk on the Groups’ floating-rate borrowings
     by swapping a proportion of those borrowings from floating rates to fixed rates. No hedge accounting is adopted and there
     is no offsetting during the year.

                                                                                                                  Floating        Fixed
                                                                                                                  interest      interest    Interest
                                             Notional amount             Fair value                 Maturity          rate          rate    period
                                           RMB$’000      HK$’000           HK$’000


     Liability
     RMB$/HK$ cross currency swap
     At 31 December 2021                    961,461      1,130,000            8,350    9 September 2021 to          HIBOR          1.8%     Monthly
                                                                                          4 September 2023




                                                                                                                                                   191
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

40. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES
      (a) Acquisition of an asset
           (i)   On 8 February 2021, the Group acquired 752 shares of East Ocean Medical (Hong Kong) Company Limited (“East
                 Ocean”) at a total consideration of US$12,000,000 (equivalent to HK$93,060,000).

                 Assets acquired at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                                     HK$’000


                 Financial assets as at fair value through other comprehensive income                                  15,616
                 Intangible assets (note 23)                                                                           38,816
                 Prepayment                                                                                            66,885

                                                                                                                     121,317


                 Total consideration in respect of acquisition of a subsidiary that are not constitute business

                                                                                                                     HK$’000


                 Cash consideration paid                                                                               93,060
                 Fair value of previously held interest in East Ocean                                                  28,257

                                                                                                                     121,317


                 This company did not operate any business prior to the acquisitions and had distribution agreement,
                 investment in unlisted securities and prepayments for licensing agreement. Therefore, the Group considered
                 this would be an acquisition of assets in substance and as a result the difference between purchase
                 consideration paid and the net assets acquired would be recognised as adjustments to the carrying value of the
                 intangible asset.




192
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

40. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     (a) Acquisition of an asset (Continued)
           (ii)   During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group acquired 100% equity interest of Jiangsu Shenming
                  Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (“Shenming Medical”), at a consideration of RMB8,600,000 (equivalent to
                  approximately HK$10,546,000). Upon completion of the transaction, the Group obtained the commercialization
                  rights of the temperature-sensitive embolic agent developed by Shenming Medical for the treatment of liver
                  cancer and the subsequent development of gel products.

                  Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                                       HK$’000


                  Property, plant and equipment                                                                             542
                  Intangible assets (note 23)                                                                            11,564
                  Bank balance and cash                                                                                       1
                  Other payables                                                                                         (1,561)

                  Total identifiable net assets acquired                                                                 10,546


                  Net cash outflow in respect of acquisition of a subsidiary that are not constitute business

                                                                                                                       HK$’000


                  Consideration paid in cash                                                                             10,546
                  Less: Cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                                           (1)

                                                                                                                         10,545


                  This company did not operate any business prior to the acquisitions and had the patent in related to the
                  thermosensitive embolic agents for the treatment of liver cancer. Therefore, the Group considered this would
                  be an acquisition of assets in substance and as a result the difference between purchase consideration paid and
                  the net assets acquired would be recognized as adjustments to the carrying value of the intangible asset.




                                                                                                                            193
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

40. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      (b) Business Combination
           (i)   On 15 October 2021, the Group acquired 80% interest in Cangzhou Huachen BioTech Co., Ltd. Cangzhou
                 Huachen BioTech Co., Ltd is principally engaged in the research and development, manufacture, sales and
                 technical services of amino acid products. The acquisition has been accounted for as acquisition of business
                 using the acquisition method.

                 Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                                   HK$’000


                 Property, plant and equipment                                                                      159,344
                 Right of use assets (note 17)                                                                       14,999
                 Inventories                                                                                         10,374
                 Trade and other receivables                                                                         19,111
                 Bank balances and cash                                                                               1,292
                 Trade and other payable                                                                            (45,856)
                 Deferred tax liabilities (note 35)                                                                  (1,317)
                 Bank and other borrowing                                                                           (72,013)
                 Deferred income (note 37)                                                                           (3,238)
                 Non-controlling interest                                                                           (16,659)

                 Total identifiable net assets acquired                                                              66,037
                 Goodwill (note 21)                                                                                  64,815

                                                                                                                    130,852


                 Net cash outflow arising on acquisition

                                                                                                                   HK$’000


                 Consideration paid in cash                                                                         130,852
                 Less: Cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                                    (1,292)

                                                                                                                    129,560


                 Since the acquisition, Huachen Bio Tech contributed approximately HK$67,138,000 to the Group’s revenue and
                 approximately HK$12,511,000 to the consolidated profit for the year ended 31 December 2021.

                 Had the combination taken place at the beginning of the year, the revenue of the Group and the profit of the
                 Group for the year would have been approximately HK$8,710,123,000 and approximately HK$2,364,247,000,
                 respectively.

                 The non-controlling interest was recognised at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the
                 recognised amounts of acquirees identifiable net assets.




194
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

40. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     (b) Business Combination (Continued)
           (ii)   During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group acquired 100% equity interest of Puer Weiye at a
                  consideration of RMB10,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$12,249,000). Puer Weiye is principally engaged
                  in the radioactive pharmaceutical production and trading of radioactive pharmaceuticals. The acquisition has
                  been accounted for as acquisition of business using the acquisition method.

                  Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                                      HK$’000


                  Puer Weiye
                  Property, plant and equipment                                                                          1,217
                  Deferred tax assets (note 24)                                                                             69
                  Inventories                                                                                               35
                  Trade and other receivables                                                                              123
                  Bank balance and cash                                                                                      1
                  Trade and other payables                                                                                (293)

                  Total identifiable net assets acquired                                                                 1,152
                  Goodwill (note 21)                                                                                    11,097

                                                                                                                        12,249


                  Net cash outflow in respect of acquisition of a subsidiary that are not constitute business

                                                                                                                      HK$’000


                  Consideration paid in cash                                                                            12,249
                  Less: Bank balance and cash acquired                                                                      (1)

                                                                                                                        12,248


                  Since the acquisition, Puer Weiye contributed a loss of approximately HK$75,000 to the consolidated profit for
                  the year ended 31 December 2021.

                  Had the combination taken place at the beginning of the year, the revenue of the Group and the profit of the
                  Group for the year would have been approximately HK$8,597,975,000 and approximately HK$2,384,071,000,
                  respectively.




                                                                                                                           195
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

41. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                                  2021               2020
                                                                                                HK$’000            HK$’000


      Non-current assets
        Interests in associates                                                               4,034,844           3,000,238
        Interests in subsidiaries                                                             3,180,598           3,736,972
        Right-of-use assets                                                                       2,155               3,776
        Prepayment                                                                               11,497                   –
        Loan receivables                                                                        113,190             113,959

                                                                                              7,342,284           6,854,945

      Current assets
        Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                    33,332              34,999
        Loan receivables                                                                              –              45,676
        Other receivables                                                                       201,385               7,066
        Cash and cash equivalents                                                               143,567              98,706

                                                                                                378,284             186,447

      Current liabilities
        Lease liabilities                                                                         1,672               1,594
        Financial guarantee                                                                         107                  29
        Other payable                                                                            11,069               4,205
        Other borrowings                                                                        777,256                   –

                                                                                                790,104               5,828

      Net current (liabilities)/assets                                                         (411,820)            180,619

      Total assets less current liabilities                                                   6,930,464           7,035,564

      Non-current liabilities
        Amount due to the immediate holding company                                                2,331              2,331
        Financial guarantee                                                                          501                427
        Lease liabilities                                                                            431              2,102

                                                                                                   3,263              4,860

      Net assets                                                                              6,927,201           7,030,704

      Capital and reserves attributable to owners of the Company
        Share capital                                                                            35,496              35,496
        Reserves                                                                              6,891,705           6,995,208

      Total equity                                                                            6,927,201           7,030,704

      The financial statement was approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors of the Company on 17 March 2022
      and are signed on its behalf by:




                              Tang Weikun                                                 Shao Yan
                                 Director                                                  Director

196
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

41. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE OF THE COMPANY
     (Continued)

     Movement of reserve of the Company
                                                                   Share Contributed                Treasury         Retained
                                                                premium      surplus                  shares         earnings              Total
                                                                  HK$’000    HK$’000                 HK$’000          HK$’000            HK$’000


     As at 1 January 2020                                        5,511,107          121,273                   –         330,595         5,962,975
     Profit and total comprehensive income
       for the year                                                       –                 –                 –         344,536           344,536

     Total comprehensive income for the year                              –                 –                 –         344,536           344,536

     Issue under subscription                                    1,011,942                  –                 –               –         1,011,942
     Dividend paid (note 13)                                             –                  –                 –        (324,245)         (324,245)

     As at 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                   6,523,049          121,273                   –         350,886         6,995,208
     Profit and total comprehensive income
       for the year                                                       –                 –                 –         430,450           430,450

     Total comprehensive income for the year                              –                 –                 –         430,450           430,450

     Purchase of treasury shares                                          –                 –        (143,503)                –          (143,503)
     Dividend paid (note 13)                                              –                 –               –          (390,450)         (390,450)
     As at 31 December 2021                                    6,523,049           121,273          (143,503)          390,886        6,891,705

     Note: Under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda (as amended), no dividend shall be paid or distribution be made out of contributed surplus if to
           do so would render the Company unable to pay its liabilities as they become due or the realisable value of its assets would thereby become
           less than the aggregate of its liabilities and its issued share capital and share premium account.




                                                                                                                                               197
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

42. MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      (a)   In addition to the balances with associates as disclosed in note 20, related companies as disclosed in note 34 and
            immediate holding company as disclosed in note 36 during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, the Group
            entered into following transactions with its related parties:

                                                                                                                          2021                     2020
                                                                                                                        HK$’000                  HK$’000


            Sales of goods to Yangxin Fuxin (note (i))                                                                     6,026                    3,423
            Purchases of goods from Yangxin Fuxin (note (i))                                                              21,330                   15,297

            Sales of goods to the companies with common controlling shareholder:
              Huadong Medicine Co. Ltd and its related companies (note (ii))                                            111,932                  116,469
              中國遠大集團有限責任公司 and its related companies (unofficially
               translated as “China Grand Enterprises Incorporation” (note (ii))                                            1,032                   2,875

            Purchase of goods from the companies with common controlling
              shareholder:
              Baoding Jiufu Biochemical Company Limited (note (iii))                                                    133,800                    20,190

            Processing services from the companies with common controlling
              shareholder:
              Baoding Jiufu Biochemical Company Limited (note (iii))                                                          532                   1,332

            Notes:

            (i)      Transactions were conducted with terms mutually agreed with the contracting parties.

            (ii)     The transactions constitute continuously connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Please also refer to “Continuing
                     Connected Transactions” under “Report of the Directors”.

            (iii)    The transactions are connected transaction in 2020 and continuing connected transaction in 2021 respectively under Chapter 14A of
                     the Listing Rules.


      (b)   Details of the financial guarantee given by China Grand Enterprises Incorporation to banks in respect of the loans
            granted to the Group as at 31 December 2021 and 2020 are set out in note 32.

      (c)   Compensation of key management personnel

            The remuneration of directors and other members of key management during the year was as follows:

                                                                                                                          2021                     2020
                                                                                                                        HK$’000                  HK$’000


            Short-term benefits                                                                                           10,544                    7,165
            Post-employment benefits                                                                                         261                      228
                                                                                                                          10,805                    7,393

            The remuneration of directors and key executives is determined by the board of directors having regard to the
            performance of individuals and market trends.



198
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

43. PLEDGE OF ASSETS
     The Group has pledged the following assets to secure the bank borrowings and banking facilities granted to the Group:


                                                                                                   2021                2020
                                                                                                 HK$’000             HK$’000


     Right-of-use assets (note 17)                                                                21,374                   –
     Buildings (note 16)                                                                         121,315                 136
     Interests in subsidiaries                                                                   134,016              86,085
     Pledged bank deposits (note 29)                                                               7,645              30,910

                                                                                                 284,350             117,131


44. COMMITMENTS
     (a) Operating lease commitment
           The Group as lessor

           The Group leases out certain of its office premises under operating lease arrangement. The rental income earned
           during the year was approximately HK$1,421,000 (2020: HK$736,000). The Group had future minimum lease receipts
           from tenants under non-cancellable operating lease which fall due as follows:


                                                                                                   2021                2020
                                                                                                 HK$’000             HK$’000


           Within one year                                                                            212                    67
           In the second to fifth year inclusive                                                        –                    52

                                                                                                      212                119


     (b) Capital commitment

                                                                                                   2021                2020
                                                                                                 HK$’000             HK$’000


           Capital expenditure contracted but not provided for:
             Acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                        180,322             108,699




                                                                                                                             199
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

45. RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES
      The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefits scheme (the “MPF Scheme”)
      under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance. Under the MPF Scheme, employees are required to
      contribute 5% of their monthly salaries or up to a maximum of HK$1,500 (2020: HK$1,500) and they can choose to make
      additional contributions. Employers’ monthly contributions are calculated at 5% of the employee’s monthly salaries or up to
      a maximum of HK$1,500 (2020: HK$1,500) (the “mandatory contributions”). Employees are entitled to 100% of the employer’s
      mandatory contributions upon their retirement at the age of 65, death or total incapacity.

      Employees of the subsidiaries and an associate in the PRC are members of the state-sponsored pension scheme operated by
      the PRC government. The subsidiaries and an associate were required to contribute a certain percentage of the payroll of
      their staff to the pension scheme to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the pension scheme
      is to make the required contributions.

      There were no forfeited contributions utilised to offset employers’ contributions for the year. And at the end of the reporting
      period, there was no forfeited contribution available to reduce the contributions payable in the future years.

      The total costs charged to profit or loss of approximately HK$82,231,000 (2020: HK$12,603,0000) represents contributions
      payable to these schemes by the Group in respect of the current accounting period.




200
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

46. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
     The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash
     changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flow were, or future cashflows will be classified
     in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows from financing activities.

                                                                           Amount
                                                                         due to the
                                                                        immediate                         Bank and
                                                                           holding           Lease           other
                                                                          company        liabilities    borrowings            Total
                                                                            HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000


     As at 1 January 2020                                                      3,402         34,549       2,030,297       2,068,248
     Accrued interest                                                              –           2,544        112,877         115,421
     Financing cash outflows                                                  (1,207)        (24,427)     (1,900,619)    (1,926,253)
     Interest paid                                                                 –          (2,544)      (112,877)       (115,421)
     New leases entered                                                            –         10,172                –         10,172
     Financing cash inflows                                                        –               –      2,141,875       2,141,875
     Exchange realignment                                                       136            1,068         95,463          96,667

     As at 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                                 2,331         21,362       2,367,016       2,390,709
     Accrued interest                                                              –           2,773         90,191          92,964
     Financing cash outflows                                                       –          (5,705)     (1,615,733)    (1,621,438)
     Interest paid                                                                 –          (2,773)       (90,191)        (92,964)
     New leases entered                                                            –           3,960               –          3,960
     Financing cash inflows                                                        –               –      1,981,036       1,981,036
     Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 40(b))                                      –               –         72,013          72,013
     Other borrowings under TRS transaction (note 20&32)                           –               –        777,256         777,256
     Exchange realignment                                                          –            (583)        44,953          44,370
     As at 31 December 2021                                                   2,331         19,034       3,626,541       3,647,906




                                                                                                                                 201
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

47. LITIGATION
      With reference to the disclosure in the 2016 to 2020 annual report of the Company, Tianjin Jingming New Technology
      Development Co., Ltd. (the “Tianjin Jingming”), an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is undertaking
      certain litigations related to a product quality incident, and it is also claiming the original shareholders of the Tianjin
      Jingming for the indemnification of those possible loss suffered by the Company. Up to 31 December 2021, the court has
      concluded 56 cases, and Tianjin Jingming has appealed 2 cases against the judgement of first instance with aggregate
      compensation of approximately RMB1.69 million. Among the final and effective judgements, Tianjin Jingming has paid the
      compensation and the related legal charges of approximately RMB30.96 million in according to the court order. The other
      related litigations of the product quality incident have not yet been concluded. Given that (1) such product is not the core
      product of the Group, and (2) according to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the original
      shareholders of Tianjin Jingming should be responsible for the compensation of such product incident until 30 June 2015,
      and Grand Pharm (China) had claimed the original shareholders of the Tianjin Jingming for the indemnification of those
      possible loss suffered. According to the final judgment by the court, the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming should
      compensate to us approximately RMB8.09 million as the existing compensate and liquidated damages at the point of raising
      litigation. Grand Pharm (China) also has the right to raise litigation claiming the original shareholders of the Tianjin Jingming
      for the indemnification related to such product quality incident made by Tianjin Jingming in the future, the Directors
      therefore are of the view that the said incident and the related litigations do not have material impact to the Group.

      According to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the vendors have undertaken to the Group
      that the net profit after tax (the “Actual Profit”) from domestic sales (only include the net profit generated from domestic
      sales and shall not include the profit generated from the sales of irrigating solutions (灌注液)) of Tianjin Jingming for the
      period commencing on 1 January 2015 and ending on 30 June 2015 shall not be less than RMB5 million (the “Performance
      Guarantee”). If the above Performance Guarantee cannot be met, the Group can claim for a refund of part of the
      consideration in according to the formula set out in the announcement of the Company dated 22 December 2014. The
      Group was in a litigation against those vendors in related to the said Performance Guarantee, and after the first trial, second
      trial and retrial from the court, the court granted the final judgement in December 2020. It is concluded that the Group can
      get back the RMB10 million share transfer consideration currently deposited in the bank account jointly controlled by the
      Group and the vendors. The vendors should also additionally refund approximately RMB11.2 million share transfer
      consideration to the Group in according to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming. Up to the
      date of this report, the Group has followed the judgement from the court and get back the RMB10 million deposited in the
      bank account jointly controlled by the Group and the vendors.

      In June 2016, the Group has successfully applied to the court to freeze RMB20,000,000 (equivalent to approximately
      HK$22,414,000) assets of the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming, an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the
      Company since January 2015 in order to secure the Group’s pending responsibilities regarding certain litigations related to
      an incident as stated in a press release issued by the China National Food and Drug Administration (the “NMPA”) on 14 April
      2016, which is about a product quality incident related to some Ophthalmic Perfluoro propane Gases produced by Tianjin
      Jingming. According to the terms of the sales and purchase agreement in relation to the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the
      original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming should be responsible for such product incident. The Group is claiming them for
      their responsibilities and also indemnified those related losses suffered by the Group.




202
ANNUAL REPORT 2021



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

47. LITIGATION (Continued)
     (a) Writ issued in PRC by China Pharm (China) and original shareholders of Tianjin
         Jingming
           Although such product incident is still under investigation, being taking up the social responsibilities and fulfilling
           related requirements, the Group had recalled all products of the related batches and also temporary suspended the
           production and sales of such related products. According to the terms of the Tianjin Jingming acquisition agreement,
           Tianjin Jingming had already fully settled the penalty of approximately RMB14,430,000 (equivalent to approximately
           HK$16,361,000) imposed by the NMPA. As at the date of this report, Tianjin Jingming is undertaking certain claim
           actions for approximately RMB16,540,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$18,762,000) given to the above incident.
           Given that (i) referring to the opinions from the professional organised by the NMPA, it is unable to identify the
           impurity that caused the product incident with the existing technology and it will need further investigation and
           research to find out the cause thereof; (ii) Ophthalmic Perfluoro propane Gases is not the core product of the Group,
           the Board considers that the suspension of the production of such product and the recall of the relevant batches by
           Tianjin Jingming do not have any material impact on the Group’s operations or financial position; and (iii) according
           to the terms of the Tianjin Jingming Acquisition Agreement, the original shareholders of the Tianjin Jingming should
           responsible for the compensation of such product incident. Hence, the Directors are of the view that the said incident
           and related litigations do not have material impact to the Group. For the detail information, please refer to the Group’s
           interim report date on 20 September 2016.

           On 22 August 2016, original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming filed its objection to the Rulings of Enforcement to the
           Wuhan Intermediate People’s Court.

           On 5 September 2016, the Group received the Wuhan Intermediate People’s Court’s dismissal to its objection.

     (b) Writs issued in PRC by Tianjin Jingming and certain plaintiffs
           In April and September 2016, the Group received writs issued by certain plaintiffs against Tianjin Jingming (as
           defendant) and demand for payment with claiming of plaintiffs legal charges.

           On 17 January 2017, Tianjin Jingming received judgments dated 17 January 2017 issued by Beijing Haidian District
           People’s Court. The court made orders to request Tianjin Jingming to provide the compensation payment with the
           relevant legal charges of approximately RMB3,952,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$4,619,000).

           As at the date of this report, the court has concluded 56 cases, and Tianjin Jingming has appealed 2 cases with
           aggregate compensation of approximately RMB1.69 million. For the remaining cases, Tianjin Jingming has paid the
           compensation and the related legal charges of approximately RMB30.96 million in according to the court order. The
           other related litigations of the product quality incident have not yet been concluded. Given that (1) such product is
           not the core product of the Group, and (2) according to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin
           Jingming, the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming should be responsible for the compensation of such product
           incident, and GrandPharma (China) is also claiming the original shareholders of the Tianjin Jingming for the
           indemnification of those possible loss suffered. Hence, the Directors are of the view that the said incident and the
           related litigations do not have material impact to the Group.




                                                                                                                              203
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED



Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2021

47. LITIGATION (Continued)
      (c) Writs issued in PRC by Grand Pharm (China)
            Except the above litigation related to the product incident of Tianjin Jingming, according to the terms of the
            agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the vendors have undertaken to the Group that the net profit after
            tax (the “Actual Profit”) from domestic sales (only include the net profit generated from domestic sales and shall not
            include the profit generated from the sales of irrigating solutions (灌注液)) of Tianjin Jingming for the period
            commencing on 1 January 2015 and ending on 30 June 2015 shall not be less than RMB5 million (the “Performance
            Guarantee”). If the above Performance Guarantee cannot be met, the Group can claim for a refund of part of the
            consideration in according to the formula set out in the announcement of the Company dated 22 December 2014.
            The Group was in a litigation against those vendors in related to the said Performance Guarantee, and in July 2017
            obtained the judgement of first instance from the court and received the final judgement from the court in February
            2018. It is concluded that the Group can get back the RMB10 million share transfer consideration currently deposited
            in the bank account jointly controlled by the Group and the vendors. The vendors should also additionally refund
            approximately RMB21.2 million share transfer consideration to the Group in according to the terms of the agreement
            for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming. The vendors subsequently applied for rehearing of the aforesaid judgement,
            and the matter will be reheard according to the court’s judgement in December 2019, but it has reached final
            judgement from Hubei Higher People’s Court (湖北省高級人民法院) that the appeal from the vendors has been
            rejected and uphold the verdict.

      Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2021, so far as the Directors were aware, the Group was not engaged in any
      litigation or claims of material importance, and no litigation or claims of material importance are pending or threatened
      against the Group.

48. MAJOR NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS
      During the year, the Group entered into new lease agreements for the use of leased properties and motor vehicles for fixed
      terms of 2 years to 5 years. On the lease commencement, the Group recognised approximately HK$3,960,000 of right-of-use
      assets and approximately HK$3,960,000 of lease liabilities.

      During the year, the Group entered into TRS transaction with Natixis and obtained interest on Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd.
      The Group recognised approximately HK$777,256,000 of interests in associates and corresponding financial liabilities under
      bank and other borrowings respectively.

      The Group entered in the above non-cash investing activities which are not reflected in the consolidated statement of cash
      flows.

49. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
      On 16 February 2022, the Company entered into a equity investment agreement with ITM Isotope Technology Munich SE in
      Germany, pursuant to which the Company will subscribe its newly issued shares at a consideration of EUR25 million. Details
      of the acquisition of the ITM Isotope Technology Munich SE are disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 16
      February 2022 and 27 December 2021.

50. COMPARATIVE INFORMATION
      Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform to current year’s presentation.

51. APPROVAL OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 17 March 2022.


204
