Contents
                                                 Pages
Corporate Information                             2
Letter to Shareholders                            3
Corporate Profile                                 6
Financial Summary                                 17
Management Discussion and Analysis                18
Corporate Governance Report                       59
Report of the Directors                           65
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior      76
Management
Independent Auditors’ Report                      78
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and      85
Other Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position      86
Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity       88
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows              90
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements    92
2      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Corporate Information

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                         AUDITORS
Dr. Tang Weikun (Chairman)                  HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
Mr. Zhou Chao (CEO)                         Certified Public Accountants
Mr. Yang Guang
Ms. Lam Chit Yee Jessica                    LEGAL ADVISERS
                                            As to Bermuda Law:
INDEPENDENT NONEXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
                                            Conyers & Dill Pearman
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie
Dr. Xing Li Na                              As to Hong Kong Law:
Dr. Pei Geng                                Loeb & Loeb LLP
Mr. Hu Yebi
                                            PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
COMPANY SECRETARY
                                            Conyers Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited
Mr. Foo Tin Chung, Victor                   Clarendon House, 2 Church Street
                                            Hamilton HM11
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                  Bermuda

Dr. Tang Weikun
                                            HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
Mr. Foo Tin Chung, Victor
                                            Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
AUDIT COMMITTEE                             Shops 1712–1716, Hopewell Centre
                                            183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie (Chairwoman)
Dr. Xing Li Na
                                            PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Dr. Pei Geng
Mr. Hu Yebi                                 HSBC
                                            Bank of China
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                      Bank of Communications

Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie (Chairwoman)
                                            REGISTERED OFFICE
Ms. Lam Chit Yee Jessica
Dr. Tang Weikun                             Clarendon House, 2 Church Street
Mr. Hu Yebi                                 Hamilton HM11, Bermuda

NOMINATION COMMITTEE                        PRINCIPAL OFFICE
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie (Chairwoman)        Units 3302, The Center
Mr. Zhou Chao (CEO)                         99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong
Mr. Hu Yebi

WEBSITE
www.grandpharm.com
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025       3


Letter to Shareholders

Dear Shareholders,

In 2025, the pharmaceutical industry faced temporary challenges, with revenue from manufacturing enterprises above a certain
scale and the Producer Price Index (PPI) both declining year-over-year. However, the value added of the pharmaceutical
manufacturing sector remained stable with steady progress, and the industry continued to build momentum amid these
adjustments. At the same time, China’s pharmaceutical industry has accelerated its transition from generic drugs to innovative
medicines, with domestically developed innovative drugs continuing to integrate into the global market. Amid this wave of
transformation, we firmly believe that innovation-driven development is the key to a company’s success in navigating economic
cycles, and that a global strategic footprint is the inevitable path for China’s innovative medicines to reach the world.

As the inaugural year of the Group’s strategic transformation and five-year development plan, we stood shoulder to shoulder with
the industry in 2025, persevered through challenges, and forged ahead through innovation. We successfully achieved our annual
operational targets, laying a solid foundation for high-quality, rapid growth in 2026 and beyond. In the cutting-edge sectors where
we have proactively expanded–including nuclear medicine, critical care, and innovative ophthalmic drugs–we have achieved
abundant R&D results, with over 30 milestone achievements. Several innovative first-in-class (FIC) and best-in-class (BIC) products
have made significant historic breakthroughs, including the sepsis treatment drug STC3141, the FAPI-targeted solid tumor
diagnostic drug GPN01530, and the GPC3-targeted liver cancer diagnostic drug GPN02006, have all demonstrated their potential,
showcasing a comprehensive burst of innovative strength.

In line with the Group’s strategic vision and development goals, the nuclear medicine oncology diagnostics and therapeutics
segment has delivered outstanding results, achieving both explosive growth and global expansion–growing nearly fifteenfold over
the past four years. Sales of the core product YiGanTai® have continued to surge, and the product secured new indications this
year, becoming the world’s first and only selective internal radiation therapy (SIRT) product approved by the FDA for dual
indications: unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) and liver metastases from colorectal cancer, fully demonstrating its
market potential. Meanwhile, with the successful completion and commissioning of the world’s first “zero-radiation” smart
radiopharmaceutical factory, we have achieved a critical leap from innovative R&D to large-scale production. We have fully
established a globally autonomous and controllable radiopharmaceutical industry chain ecosystem, enabling the benefits of
radiopharmaceutical innovations to reach a broader patient population more efficiently. To date, the Group has fully integrated the
entire nuclear medicine value chain–from early-stage research, clinical development, and regulatory submissions to
commercialization–solidifying its position among the global leaders in the nuclear medicine sector and establishing itself as a
driving force in global nuclear medicine innovation.

We consistently pursue differentiated innovation and are committed to building a world-leading nuclear medicine product
pipeline. Currently, the Group’s innovative nuclear medicine pipeline comprises nearly 30 projects, with in-house developed
products accounting for over 50% of the total, and four products are already in Phase III clinical trials. Among these, TLX591-CDx
has successfully met the endpoints of its domestic Phase III clinical trial and will formally enter the new drug application (NDA)
phase in 2026, with approval expected within the year; TLX591 and ITM-11 have entered international multicenter Phase III clinical
trials, with ITM-11 having enrolled its first patient; The Group’s independent R&D of radiopharmaceuticals GPN01530 and
GPN02006, leveraging novel targets and mechanisms, are establishing a foothold in the diagnosis of solid tumors and
hepatocellular carcinoma, demonstrating best-in-class potential. Notably, GPN01530 has become the Group’s first independent
R&D of RDC product to receive FDA approval for clinical trials, providing a significant model for the international development of
the Group’s radiopharmaceutical products.
4       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Letter to Shareholders

In the field of critical care, STC3141–a first-in-class blockbuster product independently developed by the Group with global
proprietary rights–has successfully met its primary endpoints in a Phase II clinical trial in China. With a novel therapeutic mechanism
centered on restoring immune homeostasis, this product precisely addresses the significant unmet medical need in sepsis–a
market valued at tens of billions of dollars–and has successfully overcome long-standing R&D challenges and clinical bottlenecks in
this field. Currently, we are actively engaging with international regulatory authorities, including the U.S. FDA, to optimize the
international multi-center clinical protocol and are fully advancing the preliminary preparations for its global Phase III clinical trials.
In the future, this product is expected to fill the clinical gap in sepsis treatment and provide a breakthrough, novel therapeutic
solution for nearly 50 million sepsis patients worldwide.


As spring blossoms yield autumn’s harvest, our efforts bear abundant fruit. We are fully committed to efficiently translating
innovative achievements into commercialization. In 2025, we will continue to leverage synergies across our diversified business
segments: asthma products such as Enerzair® Breezhaler® and Atectura® Breezhaler® are accelerating market expansion; the
compound nasal spray Ryaltris® “Zero-Dose” has been approved, benefiting 250 million patients with allergic rhinitis; the first
generic version of fluticasone propionate nasal spray was launched, ending the originator’s 20-year market exclusivity; the dry eye
nasal spray OC-01 and TP-03 – the world’s first treatment for demodex blepharitis–were launched in mainland China and Macau,
respectively; The world’s only epinephrine nasal spray, Neffy® was approved for market launch, filling a gap in the out-of-hospital
emergency care market. With a series of products being launched in rapid succession, driving growth in both volume and quality
to create new momentum. These launches not only fill clinical gaps across various therapeutic areas and address unmet medical
needs, but also further solidify the Group’s product portfolio in its core fields. This will help the Group pioneer new high-growth
markets and capture vast blue-ocean growth opportunities, continuously injecting sustained core growth momentum into the
Group’s long-term, high-quality development.


Dedication leads to success; research and innovation never cease. We remain steadfast in our commitment to innovation and
continue to strengthen our R&D infrastructure. The Group’s independent innovation capabilities have steadily improved, with
frequent successes and abundant achievements across all major core business areas. GPN00153 (“CBT-001”), an innovative
treatment for pterygium, has completed patient enrollment for its international multicenter Phase III clinical trial; GPN00884,
designed to slow the progression of myopia in children, has enrolled its first patient in the domestic Phase IIa clinical trial;
GPN01360 and GPN01020, two Class 1.1 innovative traditional Chinese medicine drugs for the treatment of depression, has met the
endpoints of its Phase II clinical trial. With all core therapeutic areas advancing in tandem, the Group has demonstrated its world-
class global R&D capabilities and global clinical development strength, laying a solid foundation for long-term growth.


Through unwavering commitment to innovation and structural optimization, the Group has fully absorbed the temporary impact
of centralized procurement policies. Looking ahead to 2026, the Group will return to a trajectory of high-quality, rapid growth. This
robust resilience, which transcends industry cycles, stems from our long-term commitment to and steadfast implementation of our
innovation strategy. Currently, innovative and high-barrier products account for 50% of the Group’s revenue. In 2026, several
blockbuster innovative products will be launched and commercialized in succession, making innovation the core engine driving
the Company’s growth.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025       5


Letter to Shareholders

Moving forward, Grand Pharma will continue to anchor its development in innovation-driven growth and pursue global expansion:


We will continue to deepen our innovation-driven approach and accelerate clinical development in our core
therapeutic areas. Focusing on key fields such as radiopharmaceuticals, ophthalmology, and critical care, we will expedite the
clinical trials and market launch of priority projects. We will implement a differentiated strategy centered on specific targets and
indications, strengthen FIC and BIC innovation at the source, and expand our presence in cutting-edge areas such as
radiopharmaceuticals, precision interventional therapies for cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases, and the modernization of
traditional Chinese medicine.

We will resolutely advance our Go Global strategy and accelerate our global expansion. Adhering to our “dual filing in
China and the U.S.” strategy, we will drive the overseas development of our self-developed innovative drugs, such as GPN01530
and STC3141. Seizing the opportunity presented by the globalization of YiGanTai®, we will refine our overseas commercialization
network, establish a benchmark for “Intelligent Made in China” going global, and explore diverse international expansion pathways
to enhance Grand Pharma’s global influence.

Dear Shareholders and Friends, there are no shortcuts to pharmaceutical innovation; only by staying true to our original aspirations
and persevering with unwavering dedication can we achieve steady and sustainable progress. After years of dedicated effort, Grand
Pharma has established a leading position in our core therapeutic areas and laid a solid foundation for leapfrog development.

We firmly believe that the value of a pharmaceutical company lies in safeguarding lives through innovation and creating long-term
value through responsibility. Moving forward, we will remain patient-centered, with innovation as our guiding principle and
globalization as our driving force. We will deepen our focus on core sectors, strengthen our industrial foundation, provide superior
solutions for patients worldwide, create sustainable value for our shareholders, and contribute even more to pharmaceutical
innovation in China!

Thank you to all our shareholders for your companionship, trust, and support throughout our journey. In 2026, let us join hands and
embark on a new chapter together!
6      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Corporate Profile

GROUP POSITIONING
The Group is an international pharmaceutical company of technological innovation. Its core businesses cover three major areas,
namely nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment and cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and
treatment technology, pharmaceutical technology and biotechnology. Based on the pharmaceutical and biological industries, the
Group focuses on the needs of patients, and take technological innovation as the driving force. In response to the unmet clinical
needs, the Group will increase its investment in global innovative products and advanced technologies, enrich and improve its
product pipelines, consolidate and strengthen its industrial chain layout, and fully leverage the Group’s industrial strengths and
R&D capabilities to provide more advanced and diverse treatment solutions to patients worldwide.

With unremitting efforts in recent years, the Group has laid a more solid foundation for development, consolidated its operation
scale, gradually optimized its business structure, continued to improve its operation mode, accelerated its pace of transformation
and upgrading, and made various achievements in innovative layout. The Group’s profitability continues to improve and help
facilitate R&D and innovation; its good ability in mergers and acquisitions and integration continues to consolidate the scale of
development; the integration of raw materials and preparations improves the structure of the industrial chain; and the
diversification of business and entities has effectively enhanced the comprehensive advantages.

“Maintain stable growth, strive in innovation and strategic planning”, the Group will stick with the development concept of
“comprehensive strengths, innovation leading and global expansion” and the strategy of “dual-wheel driving development of
independent R&D, global expansion and dual-cycle operation”, the Group has formed a new pattern of domestic and international
cycles that synergize with each other, and is committed to becoming an international pharmaceutical company of technological
innovation, delivering on its promises for doctors and patients, and making significant contribution to the society.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025           7


Corporate Profile

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT




               131
                                                      Approximately

                Projects                          HK$1.46          billion
                                                    investment in R&D
                                                                                                                8
                                                                                                          R&D centers
             under research
                                                     and new projects




                         Achieved 65
                            significant
                                                                                         5
                                                                                 Technology
                            milesontes                                            platforms


OVERVIEW OF 131 R&D PROJECTS                                 OVERVIEW OF 39 INNOVATIVE PROJECTS BY
                                                             AREAS

                                                                   Nuclear medicine anti-tumor      Cerebro-cardiovascular
 Innovation projects                                               diagnosis and treatment          precision interventional
 39, 30%                                                           15, 38%                         diagnosis and treatment
                                                                                                                  8, 21%
                                                                Others
                                                                2, 5%




                                                                7, 18%
                                                                ENT




                                   92, 70%                      2, 5%                                             5, 13%
                          Generic drug projects                 Cerebro-cardiovascular                       Respiratory and
                                     and others                 emergency                        critical and severe diseases
8          Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Corporate Profile

INNOVATIVE PRODUCT PIPELINE STRATEGIC PLAN
As of 12 March 2025, the R&D progress of the Group’s innovative product pipelines is as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                            R&D progress
      Field             Sector                    Direction                           Product                      Indication                        IND/Model                                            NDA/
                                                                                                                                         Preclinical              Phase I     Phase II     Phase III                  Launch
                                                                                                                                                     Inspection                                        Registration

                                                                                    TLX591
                                                                                                                  Hemodialysis
                                                                              （177Lu-rosapatumab）
                                                                                   TLX591-CDx
                                                                                                           Prostate cancer – diagnosis
                                                                                 （68Ga-PSMA-11）
                                                                                     TLX250                    Clear cell renal cell
                                                                              （177Lu-girentuximab）                 carcinoma
                                                                                   TLX250-CDx                  Clear cell renal cell
                                                                               （89Zr-girentuximab）           carcinoma – diagnosis
                                                                                  TLX101（131I-IPA）                Glioblastoma
                                        Radionuclide-drug conjugate
                                                                                                            Gastroenteropancreatic
                                                   (RDC)
                                                                                      TOCscan®              neuroendocrine tumor
                                                                                                                  – diagnosis
                         Nuclear
                      medicine and                                                                          Gastroenteropancreatic
                                                                                       ITM-11
   Technologies on     anti-tumor                                                                           neuroendocrine tumor
nuclear medicine and diagnosis and                                                                           Malignant tumor bone
                                                                                       ITM-41
 anti-tumor diagnosis  treatment                                                                                  metastases
    and treatment                                                                    GPN01530                Solid tumor - diagnosis
       as well as
                                                                                                           Hepatocellular carcinoma -
cerebrocardiovascular                                                                 GPN2006
                                                                                                                  diagnosis
        precision
    interventional                                                            Y-90 microsphere injection      Primary liver cancer
    diagnosis and                                                             Thermosensitive embolic       Vascular-rich solid organ
       treatment                                                                  agent product                      tumors
                                                                                                             Cerebral arteriovenous
                                           Interventional treatment                     Kona
                                                                                                                 malformations
                                                                                      AuroLase                  Prostate cancer
                                                                                      UPro-SEEK                      UI-MRD
                                                                                       UI-MRD                 Urothelial carcinoma
                                                              Vascular
                                              Access                                    aXess                     Hemodialysis
                                                            intervention
                   Cerebrocardiovascular  management
                                                          Neurointervention          GPN01037                Intracranial stenosisss
                          precision
                                         Structural heart
                       interventional                     Structural heart
                                           disease and                                 Saturn                 Mitral regurgitation
                         diagnosis                             disease
                                           heart failure
                      and treatment
                                                                                                              HPV-16-positive solid
                                        Heart failure      Heart failure              CoRisma
                                                                                                                    tumors
                                                                                GPN00153（CBT-001）                  Pterygium
                                                                                                             Anti-inflammatory and
                                                                                     GPN00833
                                               Ophthalmology                                                        analgesic
                         ENT                                                                                Myopia prevention and
                                                                                     GPN00884
                                                                                                                   control
 Pharmaceutical
                                                                                     GPN01360                      Depression
  Technology                            Traditional Chinese Medicine
                                                                                     GPN01020                Neurological Disorders
                   Respiratory and
                                                Severe disease                        STC3141                         Sepsis
                   severe disease
                                                                                                              HPV-16 positive solid
                   mRNA platform                     Tumor                          ARC01 (A002)
                                                                                                                    tumors



      Mainland China                              Overseas
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025     9


Corporate Profile

MAJOR EVENTS
As of this report, the Group’s major product development and corporate development are as follows:

                      ● GPN01020, a Category 1.1 innovative traditional Chinese medicine for the prophylactic treatment of
                        migraine, has submitted a Phase II clinical study application to the NMPA and received approval.
       MARCH          ● GPN01768 (TP-03, Lotilaner Ophthalmic Solution, 0.25%), a global innovative ophthalmic drug for the
                        treatment of Demodex blepharitis, received marketing approval from the NMPA. Notably, the approval
                        was granted without any request for supplementary information during the review process, achieving a
                        “zero deficiency” approval.

                      ●   TLX591-CDx, a global innovative RDC drug for the diagnosis of prostate cancer, has submitted an NDA
      JANUARY             to the NMPA and the application has been accepted.

                      ● Neffy® (Adrenaline Nasal Spray), for the treatment of severe allergic reactions, received marketing
                        approval from the NMPA.
     DECEMBER         ● The Phase III clinical study conducted in China for TLX591-CDx, a global innovative RDC drug for the
                        diagnosis of prostate cancer, has achieved positive topline results and successfully met its primary
                        clinical endpoint.
                      ● The self-developed global innovative blockbuster RDC product GPN01530 submitted a Phase I/II clinical
                        study application to the FDA for the diagnosis of solid tumors and received approval, providing an
                        important paradigm for the international development of the Group’s radiopharmaceutical pipeline.
                      ● The Phase II clinical study conducted in China for GPN01360, a Category 1.1 innovative traditional
                        Chinese medicine for the treatment of depression, successfully achieved its clinical endpoint.

                      ●   Ryaltris® Compound Nasal Spray, a global innovative product for the treatment of allergic rhinitis,
     NOVEMBER             received marketing approval in China. The approval was granted without any request for supplementary
                          information during the review process, achieving a “zero deficiency” approval.

                      ● The Phase IIa clinical study conducted in China for GPN00884, a global innovative ophthalmic drug for
                        delaying the progression of myopia in children, has completed the first patient enrollment.
      OCTOBER
                      ● The registrational clinical study conducted in China for the global innovative temperature-sensitive
                        embolic agent product GPN00289 for transarterial chemoembolization of primary liver cancer has
                        completed the enrollment of all patients.

                      ● A new specification (20ml:50mg) of treprostinil injection, a product for the treatment of pulmonary
                        arterial hypertension, has received a drug registration certificate from the NMPA.
     SEPTEMBER        ● The global innovative radiotherapeutic product SIR-Spheres® Yttrium-90 microsphere injection has
                        obtained CE Mark certification for a new indication in Europe, expanding the applicable scope of this
                        therapy from the original indications of unresectable HCC and unresectable mCRC to include multiple
                        indications such as unresectable ICC, mNET, or other liver metastases.
10   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Corporate Profile


                    ● TLX591, a global innovative RDC drug for the treatment of prostate cancer, submitted an application to
                      the NMPA to join an international multi-center Phase III clinical trial and received approval.
      JULY          ● OC-01, the world’s first innovative product for the treatment of dry eye disease, completed its first batch
                      of commercial prescriptions following its official approval in mainland China.
                    ● The global innovative radiotherapeutic product SIR-Spheres® Yttrium-90 microsphere injection received
                      early formal FDA approval for a new indication for the treatment of unresectable hepatocellular
                      carcinoma, based on breakthrough interim results from the DOORwaY90 clinical trial.

                    ●   The international multi-center Phase III clinical study conducted in China for CBT-001 (GPN00153), an
      JUNE              innovative improved new drug for the treatment of pterygium, has completed the enrollment and
                        dosing of all patients.

                    ●   GPN01768 (TP-03, Lotilaner Ophthalmic Solution, 0.25%), a global innovative ophthalmic drug for the
                        treatment of Demodex blepharitis, received marketing approval from the ISAF of the Macao Special
      MAY               Administrative Region of the PRC.
                    ●   The Group’s world-leading radiopharmaceutical R&D and production base located in Wenjiang District,
                        Chengdu, received a Class A Radiation Safety License issued by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment
                        of the People’s Republic of China.
                    ●   The Phase III clinical study conducted in China for TLX591-CDx, a global innovative RDC drug for the
                        diagnosis of prostate cancer, has completed the enrollment and dosing of all patients.
                    ●   TLX591, a global innovative RDC drug for the treatment of prostate cancer, submitted an application to
                        the NMPA to join an international multi-center Phase III clinical trial and the application has been
                        accepted.
                    ●   The Phase II clinical study conducted in China for STC3141, a global innovative drug for the treatment of
                        sepsis, has successfully reached its clinical endpoint.

                    ● The early detection product for urological tumors, UI-SEEK®, achieved its first commercial prescription in
      APRIL           mainland China, marking the formal entry into clinical application of the only approved early detection
                      product for urothelial carcinoma in mainland China utilizing a dual mechanism of methylation and gene
                      mutation.
                    ● Fluticasone propionate nasal spray, for the treatment of allergic rhinitis, received a drug registration
                      certificate from the NMPA. This product is the first generic drug to be commercialized in China and has
                      been included in the National Medical Insurance Catalogue and the National Essential Medicines List.
                    ● The innovative RDC drug GPN02006 achieved breakthrough clinical results in an investigator-initiated
                      clinical study (IIT clinical study) conducted in China for the diagnosis of HCC.

                    ●   The Phase III clinical study (COMPOSE study) conducted in China for the innovative RDC drug ITM-11 for
     MARCH              the treatment of well-differentiated, aggressive Grade 2 and Grade 3, SSTR+ GEP-NETs has completed
                        the first patient enrollment and dosing.

                    ●   The registrational clinical study conducted in China for the global innovative temperature-sensitive
                        embolic agent product GPN00289 for transarterial chemoembolization of primary liver cancer has
     JANUARY
                        completed the first patient enrollment.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025    11


Corporate Profile

THE GLOBAL LAYOUT OF THE GROUP



   Cardionovum GmbH
   ITM Isotope Technologies Munich SE
   GERMANY                                                                Cloudbreak Bio-Pharmaceutical Science
                                                                          and Technology (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.

   eTheRNA Immunotherapies NV               XELTIS AG                     Formosa Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
   BELGIUM                                  HOLLAND                       Corxel Pharmaceuticals Hong Kong
                                                                          Limited

   Conavi Medical Inc.                            ALK-Abelló A/S
   CANADA                                         DENMARK                 CHINA




                                                                                                  JAPAN
                                                                                                  Mitsubishi Tanabe
                                                                                                  Pharma Corporation
                                                                                                  Eisai Co., Ltd.




                                        ITALY                    INDIA
                                        InnovHeart S.r.l         Glenmark Specialty S.A.
   AMERICA
   Sirtex Medical US Holdings, Inc.
                                        AUSTRALIA
   CardioFocus, Inc
   Tarsus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.         Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd
   Nanospectra Biosciences, Inc.        Griffith University
   CoRISMA MCS Systems, Inc             The Australian National University
   FastWave Medical Inc
   BlackSwan Vascular, Inc.             Telix Pharmaceuticals Limited
   Polyembo Inc.                        Grand Medical Pty Ltd
12      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Corporate Profile

SUBSIDIARIES
The Group’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:

Company name and percentage of equity interest                   Positioning and functions


Grand Pharma (China) Co., Ltd. 99.84%                            Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                   pharmaceutical products
Wuhan Wuyao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 99.18%                      Manufacture of pharmaceutical raw materials
Wuhan Grand Hoyo Co., Ltd. 97.67%                                Research and development, manufacture and sales of amino
                                                                   acid series products
Hubei Grand Life Science & Technology Co., Ltd. 97.43%           Research and development, manufacture and sales of taurine
                                                                   products
Hubei Grand Biotechnology Co., Ltd. 65.04%                       Research and development, manufacture and sales of amino
                                                                   acid series products
Hubei Grand Fuchi Pharmaceutical & Chemicals Co., Ltd. 89.60%    Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                   agrochemicals, fine chemicals and chemical medicine
Hubei Grand EBE Pharmaceutical Company Limited 99.84%            Manufacture and sales of ophthalmic pharmaceutical
                                                                   products
Wuhan Kernel Bio-tech Co., Ltd. 91.56%                           Research and development, manufacture and sales of bio-
                                                                   technology products series
Grand Pharmaceutical (Xiantao) Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 99.84%   Manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical products
Grand Pharmaceutical Huangshi Feiyun Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.    Research and development, manufacture and sales of
59.90%                                                             pharmaceutical products
Wuhan Grandpharma Group Sales Co., Ltd. 99.84%                   Sales of pharmaceutical products
Beijing Huajin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 71.88%                   Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                   pharmaceutical products
Beijing Grand Johamu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 96.84%             Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                   pharmaceutical products
Tianjin Jingming New Technology Development Co., Ltd. 73.18%     Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                   pharmaceutical products
Zhu Hai Cardionovum Medical Device Co. Ltd. 77.98%               Sales of medical devices
Grand Beilin (Xi’an) Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 99.84%             Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                   pharmaceutical products
Grand Pharmaceutical Technology (Wuhan) Co., Ltd. 99.84%         Research and development
Grand Medical Pty Ltd 100%                                       Research and development
Yuanda Bafeng (Hubei) Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 99.84%            Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                   pharmaceutical products
Nanjing AuroRNA Biotech Co., Ltd. 74.88%                         Research and development
BlackSwan Vascular, Inc. 87.5%                                   Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                   pharmaceutical products
Chongqing Duoputai Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd. 89.86%    Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                   pharmaceutical products
Grand Johamu (Jiangxi) Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 96.84%           Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                   pharmaceutical products
Jiangxi Baian Baiyu Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd. 96.84%   Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                   pharmaceutical products
Grand Pharmaceutical (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. 99.84%                  Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                   pharmaceutical products
                                                                                          Annual Report 2025     13


Corporate Profile


Company name and percentage of equity interest           Positioning and functions


Nanjing Kainite Medical Technology Co., Ltd. 59.81%      Development of neurological intervention
Grand Beilin (Qinghai) Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 79.87%   Manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical products
Grand Wuyao (Jiangsu) Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 78.35%    Manufacture and sales of APIs
Grand Pharmaceutical (Beijing) Co., Ltd. 99.84%          Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                           pharmaceutical products


The principal associates of the Group are as follows:

Company name and percentage of equity interest           Positioning and functions


Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd 57.98%                            Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                           pharmaceutical product
Shanghai Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 55.00%    Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                           pharmaceutical product
Cardionovum GmbH 33.33%                                  Research and development, manufacture and sales of devices
14        Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Corporate Profile

DEFINITIONS
During the period under review, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall have the meanings set out below:

“APERTO® OTW”                   Paclitaxel Releasing Hemodialysis Shunt Balloon Dilatation Catheter

“ARDS”                          Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome

"CAFs"                          Cancer associated fibroblasts

"CBT-001"                       GPN00153

“ccRCC”                         Clear cell renal cell carcinoma

“COVID-19”                      2019 novel coronavirus disease

“EMA”                           European Medicines Agency

“FAP”                           Fibroblast activating protein

“FDA”                           United States Food and Drug Administration

“GABA-C1”                       Gamma-aminobutyric acid-gated chloride channels

“GEP-NETs”                      Gastroenteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumors

“GPC-3”                         Phosphoinositide glycoprotein 3

“Grand Pharma Sphere”           Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Limited

“HCC”                           Hepatocellular carcinoma

“HPV-16”                        Human papillomavirus type 16

“ICC”                           Intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma

“ICS”                           Inhaled Glucocorticoid

“IIT clinical study”            Investigator-initiated clinical study

“IND”                           Investigational New Drug Application

“IVUS”                          Intravascular ultrasound

“LABA”                          Long-acting β2 agonist

“LAMA”                          Long-acting muscarinic antagonist

“LNP”                           Liposomal nanoparticles
                                                                                          Annual Report 2025     15


Corporate Profile


“MR”                 Mineralocorticoid receptor

“MRA”                Mineralocorticoid receptor antagonist

“mCRC”               Colorectal cancer liver metastases

“mNET”               Liver metastases caused by neuroendocrine tumors

“mRNA”               messenger RNA

“NDA”                New drug application

“NMPA”               National Medical Products Administration

“OC-01”              Varenicline Tartrate Nasal Spray

“OCT”                Optical coherence tomography

“PPV”                Overall positive predictive value

“PSA”                Prostate specific antigen

“RDC”                Radionuclide-drug conjugate

“RESTORE DEB®”       Paclitaxel Releasing Coronary Balloon Dilatation Catheter

“SIRT”               Selective internal radiation therapy

“Sirtex”             Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd

“SSTR+”              Somatostatin receptor-positive

“Tarsus”             Tarsus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

“Telix”              Telix Pharmaceuticals Limited

“TP-03”              GPN01768 (lotilaner ophthalmic solution 0.25%)

“AuroRNA Biotech”    Nanjing AuroRNA Biotech Co., Ltd.

“ISAF”               The Pharmaceutical Administration Bureau of the Macao Special Administrative Region Government

“Baoding Jiahe”      Baoding Jiahe Fine Chemical Co., Ltd.

“Greater Bay Area”   The Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area
16         Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Corporate Profile


“Hubei Grand”                    Hubei Grand Fuyuan Life Technology Co., Ltd.

“Nanjing Fund”                   Nanjing Chuangyi Dongyin Equity Investment Partnership

“Nanjing Kainite”                Nanjing Kainite Medical Technology Co., Ltd.

“Grand Beilin (Qinghai)”         Grand Beilin (Qinghai) Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Qinghai Yixin Pharmaceutical Co.,
                                 Ltd.)

“Shanghai Hongsheng”             Shanghai Hongsheng Enterprise Management Partnership

“WMU”                            WenZhou Medical University

“Grand Beilin (Xi’an)”           Grand Beilin (Xi’an) Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Xi’an Beilin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.)

“Xudong Haipu”                   Shanghai Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Company Limited

“Pediatrix Therapeutics”         Pediatrix Therapeutics Technology (Shanghai) Co. Ltd.

“Neffy®”                         Adrenaline nasal spray Neffy®

“Yuanda Jiufu”                   Hebei Yuanda Jiufu Biotechnology Co., Ltd.

“Grand Pharm (China)”            Grand Pharma (China) Co., Ltd., a company incorporated in the PRC, being a subsidiary of the
                                 Company owned as to 99.84%
                                                                           Annual Report 2025    17


Financial Summary

RESULTS
                                              Year ended 31 December
                             2025          2024             2023           2022              2021
                           HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000           HK$’000


Revenue                  12,283,271    11,644,892     10,529,590        9,562,285        8,597,975
Profit before tax         1,494,081     2,852,363      2,344,197        2,516,893        2,785,832
Income tax                 (249,778)     (386,304)      (448,755)        (418,642)        (380,800)

Profit for the year       1,244,303     2,466,059      1,895,442        2,098,251        2,405,032


ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                              Year ended 31 December
                             2025          2024             2023           2022              2021
                           HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000           HK$’000


Total assets             27,166,804    24,991,165     22,515,326       22,371,061       21,057,030
Total liabilities        (9,987,119)   (8,465,827)    (7,244,810)      (8,162,401)      (7,614,168)

Net assets               17,179,685    16,525,338     15,270,516       14,208,660       13,442,862
18     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

GROUP POSITIONING
The Group is an international pharmaceutical company of technological innovation. Its core businesses cover three major areas,
namely nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment and cerebrocardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and
treatment technology, pharmaceutical technology and biotechnology. Based on the pharmaceutical and biological industries, the
Group focuses on the needs of patients, and takes technological innovation as the driving force. In response to the unmet clinical
needs, the Group will increase its investment in global innovative products and advanced technologies, enrich and improve its
product pipelines, consolidate and strengthen its industrial chain layout, and fully leverage the Group’s industrial strengths and
R&D capabilities to provide more advanced and diverse treatment solutions to patients worldwide.

With unremitting efforts in recent years, the Group has laid a more solid foundation for development, consolidated its operation
scale, gradually optimized its business structure, continued to improve its operation mode, accelerated its pace of transformation
and upgrading, and made various achievements in innovative layout. The Group’s profitability continues to improve and help
facilitate R&D and innovation; its good ability in mergers and acquisitions and integration continues to consolidate the scale of
development; the integration of raw materials and preparations improves the structure of the industrial chain; and the
diversification of business and entities has effectively enhanced the comprehensive advantages.

“Maintain stable growth, strive in innovation and strategic planning”, the Group will stick with the development concept of
“comprehensive strengths, innovation leading and global expansion” and the strategy of “dual-wheel driving development of
independent R&D, global expansion and dual-cycle operation”. The Group has formed a new pattern of domestic and international
cycles that synergize with each other, and is committed to becoming an international pharmaceutical company of technological
innovation, delivering on its promises for doctors and patients, and making significant contribution to the society.

BUSINESS REVIEW AND PROSPECTS
During 2025 up to the date of this report, the Group had a total of 65 significant milestones, including 32 innovative products, 20
generic products, 6 API products; 3 investment projects for industry layout; and 4 major construction projects. Meanwhile, the
Group’s nuclear medicine anti-tumor segment’s Yttrium-90 microsphere injections and liquid embolic agent Lava™, the respiratory
and critical and severe diseases segment’s Enerzair® Breezhaler®, Atectura® Breezhaler® and Budesonide Nasal Spray, and the
cerebro-cardiovascular emergency segment’s Nengqilang® Coenzyme Q10 Tablets have entered a rapid volume growth phase,
successfully contributing to the update and iteration of the Group’s product portfolio and becoming a new driving force for the
Group’s steady performance growth.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025      19


Management Discussion and Analysis

Innovative products
Nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment:

–    The early detection product for urinary system tumors, UI-SEEK® achieves its first commercial prescription in Mainland China.
     It marks that the only urothelial carcinoma early detection product with dual mechanism of methylation + gene mutation
     currently approved for commercialized in China has officially entered clinical application;
–    Based on the breakthrough interim data from the DOORwaY90 clinical trial, the globally innovative radioactive product SIR-
     Spheres® Y-90 resin microsphere injection, has received approval from the United States Food and Drug Administration
     (“FDA”) ahead the schedule, for a new indication for the treatment of unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma (“HCC”). At the
     same time, it has obtained CE certification in Europe, which expands the scope of application of this treatment from
     unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma (“HCC”)and unresectable colorectal cancer liver metastases (“mCRC”)，to multiple
     indications, including unresectable intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma (“ICC”), liver metastases caused by neuroendocrine
     tumors (“mNET”) or other liver metastases;
–    The global innovative radiopharmaceutical TLX591-CDx for the diagnosis of prostate cancer has successfully achieved the
     clinical endpoint in its Phase III clinical study in China. The New Drug Application (NDA) for this product has officially
     submitted an application and was accepted by the National Medical Products Administration of the People’s Republic of
     China (“NMPA”);
–    The global innovative temperature-sensitive embolization agent GPN00289 completed all patient enrollment in its
     registrational clinical study in China;
–    The Phase III clinical trial (“COMPOSE study”) of the innovative radiopharmaceutical ITM-11 for the treatment of well-
     differentiated, invasive Grade 2 and 3 gastroenteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumors (“GEP-NETs”) that are somatostatin
     receptor-positive (SSTR+) has completed the first patient enrollment and administration in China;
–    The globally innovative radiopharmaceutical TLX591 for the treatment of prostate cancer, submitted an application to the
     National Medical Products Administration of the People’s Republic of China (“NMPA”) to join an international multi-center
     Phase III clinical trial and received approval;
–    The global innovative radiopharmaceutical YiGanTai® Yttrium-90 microsphere injection has received approval from NMPA for
     a Phase II clinical trial for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) and has completed the first patient enrollment
     and administration;
–    The independently developed, blockbuster, globally innovative radionuclide-drug conjugate GPN01530, has submitted
     application to conduct a Phase I/II clinical study for the diagnosis of solid tumors, and has been approved by FDA;
–    The innovative radiopharmaceutical GPN02006 has achieved breakthrough clinical results in a investigator-initiated clinical
     study (IIT clinical study) conducted in China for the diagnosis of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC).
20      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

Respiratory and critical and severe disease:

–      Globally innovative combination product Ryaltris® Compound Nasal Spray for treatment of allergic rhinitis, has approved to
       be commercialized in China;
–      The globally innovative drug STC3141 for the treatment of sepsis has successfully reached the clinical endpoint in its Phase II
       clinical trial in China;
–      The innovative drug GPN00204 for the treatment of respiratory diseases has completed the first patient enrollment and
       administration in its Phase I clinical trial in China;
–      Innovative medicine for treating respiratory diseases GPN00187 has completed phase I clinical study conducted in China and
       achieved the clinical endpoint;

ENT:

–      The globally pioneering innovative product tartaric acid varenicline nasal spray (“OC-01”) for the treatment of dry eye
       syndrome has completed the first batch of commercial prescriptions following its formal approval in mainland China;
–      TP-03, a globally innovative ophthalmic drug for the treatment of demodicosis blepharitis, has been approved for
       commercialization by the ISAF and NMPA;
–      The innovative ophthalmic device GPN00646 has been approved for commercialization by the NMPA;
–      The innovative improved new drug CBT-001 for the treatment of pterygium has completed patient enrollment in the
       international multi-center Phase III clinical trial conducted in China;
–      The Phrase II clinical trial in China of class 1.1 innovative traditional Chinese medicine GPN1360 successfully reaches the
       clinical endpoint;
–      Phase IIa clinical study conducted of the global innovative ophthalmic drug GPN00884 used to delay the progression of
       myopia in children, has completed the first patient enrollment, after the completion of phase I clinical trial in China;
–      An application of class 1.1 innovative traditional Chinese medicine GPN01020 for Phase II clinical trials was submitted to the
       NMPA and was approved.

Cardiovascular emergency care:

–      Neffy®, adrenaline nasal spray for severe allergic reactions was approved for commercialization by NMPA.

Generic products
There were 20 products that have been approved for marketing by the NMPA.

API products
There were 6 API products approved for commercialization by the NMPA.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025       21


Management Discussion and Analysis

Industry layout
In the field of precision intervention for cardiovascular diseases, the Group has completed the acquisition of a 30.64% equity stake
in Nanjing Kainite Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Kainite”) and completed the equity change registration. As a result, the
Group now holds a 59.91% equity stake in Nanjing Kainite, which has become a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Group.
Nanjing Kainite serves as a critical component in the Group’s integrated platform for the independent R&D, production, and sales of
high-end medical devices. It undertakes core tasks such as innovative R&D, product iteration, domestic production, and market
promotion for the Group’s non-powered medical device products. This acquisition will help the Group achieve its strategic plan of
“integrated treatment for cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases” in the cardiovascular and cerebrovascular precision
intervention diagnostics and treatment segment, while also injecting new momentum into the segment’s performance growth.

In the field of ENT, the Group has completed the acquisition of an 80% equity stake in Grand Beilin (Qinghai) Pharmaceutical Co.,
Ltd. (formerly known as Qinghai Yixin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.), (“Grand Beilin (Qinghai)”) and obtained exclusive product rights
for multiple traditional Chinese medicine formulations, including Dan Zhen Headache Capsules and Li Shu Kang Capsules. Grand
Beilin (Qinghai) has become a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Group. Through this acquisition, the Group will conduct a
comprehensive integration of Grand Beilin (Qinghai). The products of both parties have strong synergistic effects, enabling a strong
alliance of resources, enriching the Group’s product pipeline, further consolidating and enhancing the Group’s comprehensive
market competitiveness in the field of traditional Chinese medicine for chronic disease treatment, and providing a driving force for
the Group’s sustained performance growth.

In the field of biotechnology, the Group has completed the acquisition of the entire equity interest in Hebei Jiufu Biotechnology
Co., Ltd and Baoding Jiahe Fine Chemical Co., Ltd. This transaction will comprehensively empower the development of the Group’s
biotechnology segment across the entire industrial chain, from upstream to downstream. By leveraging the Target Company’s
mature biomanufacturing technology, the upstream division will integrate deeply with the Group’s eight synthetic biology
technology platforms to solidify technological barriers. At the same time, its stable supply of raw material will secure upstream
provision, optimize the cost, and enhance industrial chain security; Midstream, the Target Companies specialized product pipeline
– will enrich the Group’s product matrix, consolidate the high-quality amino acid portfolio, supporting the strategy of diversifying
development; Downstream, integrate the Target Companies’ established customer base and the Group’s global biotechnology
sales network, this will accelerate market penetration for the health-focused end products. The Transaction will comprehensively
strengthen the Group’s integrated industrial chain layout in the biotechnology sector, enhance core competitiveness and global
market influence, and lay a solid foundation for implementing the diversification strategy in biotechnology.

Additionally, the Group has made significant progress in its research and development and the construction of production bases.
22      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



 Management Discussion and Analysis

 R&D and Production bases:
 Grand Pharmaceutical’s Radiopharmaceutical R&D and Production Base（遠大醫藥放射性藥物研發及生產基地）, located in
 Wenjiang District, Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China, was completed and accepted in April 2025, obtained a Class A Radiation
 Safety Licence issued by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment in May, and officially commenced operations at the end of June.
 This facility is the world’s first fully integrated closed-loop nuclear medicine supply chain platform, covering the entire value chain
 from “isotope production – nuclear medicine R&D – manufacturing – clinical trials – commercialization”. It has established end-to-
 end management capabilities spanning the entire lifecycle from early-stage R&D to clinical translation to commercialization, with
 R&D efficiency leading globally. It addresses the ‘bottleneck’ challenges in nuclear medicine, achieving 100% domestic production
 to break free from reliance on imports. Fourteen high-standard GMP production lines meet the demand for multi-product, large-
 scale production. Established a fully intelligent management system, featuring nuclear-grade safety and unmanned intelligent
 manufacturing, achieving “zero radiation leakage”, “zero pollution discharge”, and “zero occupational exposure exceeding
 standards”, meeting the standards of the world’s top nuclear facilities. We have established a world-class research, production,
 quality, and operational system, making it one of the most comprehensive and highly automated intelligent factories in the world
 in terms of isotope variety and automation levels. This R&D and production base will further solidify the foundation of the Group’s
 nuclear pharmaceutical industry, accelerate the implementation of global innovative R&D pipelines, drive the Group’s high-quality
 development in the nuclear pharmaceutical sector, cultivate high-value blockbuster products, and lay a solid foundation for the
 domestic production of the Group’s radioactive drugs.

The Construction Project (Phase I) of Yongsheng Preparation Factory of Grand Pharmaceutical（遠大醫藥永晟製劑工廠建設項目
（一期）), located in Yangxin County, Huangshi City, Hubei Province, China, has successfully entered the final inspection phase. This
production facility has been designed and constructed in accordance with the world’s leading pharmaceutical quality management
standards. Once completed and operational, it will further expand the Group’s overall production capacity in pharmaceutical
technology, optimize production layouts, provide manufacturing support for the implementation of future high-end formulation
projects, and strengthen the Group’s industrial chain for high-end formulation manufacturing. At the same time, the facility will
serve as the core vehicle for the Group’s internationalization strategy in the pharmaceutical technology sector. It will
comprehensively advance certification efforts for the U.S. FDA and EU GMP systems, fully align with leading international
pharmaceutical production and quality control standards, and establish a specialized, standardized production system that meets
the market access requirements of major global markets. Leveraging the facility’s high-standard production capabilities and
international compliance framework, the various high-end pharmaceutical products manufactured at the facility will gradually gain
access to major global pharmaceutical markets, including North America and the EU, facilitating product globalization and
expanding the Group’s global footprint. This will further enhance the Group’s international competitiveness and brand influence in
the pharmaceutical technology sector, enabling the Group to actively participate in the global division of labor within the
pharmaceutical industry and achieve high-quality development driven by both domestic and international markets.

 The civil engineering works for the construction project of the large-scale health and nutrition products production base located in
 Huangshi City, Hubei Province, China, have entered trial production and commissioning phase. By adopting a green circular
 economy model and an intelligent production system, the project aims to establish a high-end health and nutrition products
 production line compliant with international standards, with the goal of creating an intelligent demonstration factory recognised
 by domestic and international clients through audits. Upon completion, the base will serve as the core production facility for the
 Group’s amino acid division’s high-end health and nutrition products, continuously expanding the product pipeline of the amino
 acid division and creating synergies with existing products to enhance the division’s growth momentum and risk-resilience. This
 will further solidify the Group’s industry leadership in the health and nutrition sector and provide strategic support for the Group’s
 sustainable development in the biotechnology field.

 The second phase of the amino acid production base in Xiantao City, Hubei Province, China, has entered the trial production and
 commissioning phase. After the production base is completed, it will further expand the production capacity of a number of high-
 quality amino acid varieties of the Group and provide sustainable momentum for the Group’s amino acid segment to grow
 profitably in the future.
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025        23


Management Discussion and Analysis

BUSINESS INTRODUCTION
The Group has strong technological innovation strength, outstanding internationalization strength, solid industrial foundation,
complete industrial chain and significant comprehensive advantages in the integration of raw materials and preparations. The
Group has more than 130 products included in the National Essential Drug List (2018 version) (「國家基本藥物目錄」        （2018年版）)
and more than 260 products included in the National Reimbursement Drug List for Basic Medical Insurance, Work-Related Injury
Insurance and Maternity Insurance (2025 version) (「國家基本醫療保險、工傷保險和生育保險藥品目錄（2025年版）」).

Nuclear Medicine Anti-tumor Diagnosis and Treatment as well as Cerebro-cardiovascular Precision
Interventional Diagnosis and Treatment Technology
By fully capitalizing “accurate and stable business development capabilities at home and abroad, the introduction and digestion of
international leading technologies, excellent marketing and sales capabilities”, the Group is aiming at the frontier areas of
technological innovation and focusing on the layout of the “nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment” and “cerebro-
cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment” segments. It has become a leading enterprise in nuclear medicine
anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment in China, and a comprehensive cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and
treatment technology platform with international cutting-edge technologies.

Nuclear Medicine Anti-tumor Diagnosis and Treatment Segment
In the nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment segment, the Group has achieved a comprehensive layout in the fields
of R&D, production, distribution, and sales, with over 1,000 employees worldwide. The Group has established a global nuclear
medicine industry chain layout based on its R&D centers in Boston and Chengdu, production facilities in Boston, Frankfurt,
Singapore, and Chengdu, and a sales network covering over 50 countries and regions worldwide.

The Group has established a world-class tumor intervention technology platform and a RDC technology platform. The Group
adheres to the treatment concept of integrated oncology diagnosis and treatment. Currently, the Group has 16 innovative
products in the pipeline at the R&D registration stage, covering five radionuclides including 68Ga, 177Lu, 131L, 90Y, 89Zr as well as seven
cancers including liver cancer, prostate cancer and brain cancer. The early stages of R&D focused primarily on RDC drugs, with a
product pipeline now comprising more than 10 products. In terms of product types, it covers two types of radionuclide drugs for
diagnosis and therapy, providing patients with global leading anti-tumor solutions with multi-indication treatment options, multi-
means and integrated diagnosis and treatment.
24     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

Global R&D efforts for innovative products within the segment are progressing smoothly. In China, YiGanTai® Yttrium-90
microsphere injection was successfully launched in January 2022 for the treatment of liver metastases from colorectal cancer, and
in May 2025, it received approval from the NMPA to conduct a Phase II registrational clinical trial for the treatment of unresectable
hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC); The global innovative temperature-sensitive embolization agent GPN00289 completed the
enrollment of all patients in its registrational clinical study in October 2025. Overseas registration-wise, SIR-Spheres® Yttrium-90
microsphere injection was formally approved in the United States for a new indication, used to treat unresectable HCC; The Group’s
independently developed and globally innovative GPN01530, is a small molecule RDC drug that targets fibroblast activating protein
(“FAP”). It has been approved by the FDA to conduct a Phase I/II clinical study for the diagnosis of solid tumors, which is the
Group’s first self-developed RDC product that receives FDA approval for clinical trials. The successful approval of the GPN01530
clinical trial provides an important paradigm for the international development of the Group’s nuclear medicine product pipeline.
At the same time, it fully demonstrates the Group’s comprehensive strength in the construction of cutting-edge nuclear medicine
technology platforms, international clinical development, and registration applications, etc. To date, the Group has five RDC drugs
approved for clinical studies worldwide, with one of them having entered the NDA phase, and three having entered the Phase III
clinical stage, including TLX591-CDx for diagnosing prostate cancer, TLX591 for treating prostate cancer, TLX250-CDx for
diagnosing clear cell renal cell carcinoma, and ITM-11 for treating GEP-NETs; Additionally, the globally innovative diagnostic
radiopharmaceutical targeting GPC-3 based on radionuclide-antibody conjugation technology GPN02006, which the investigator-
initiated clinical study (IIT clinical study) conducted earlier in China, has achieved a milestone breakthrough. It has also granted an
oral presentation at the 2025 Annual Meeting of the Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging (SNMMI). The product has
great potential and is expected to become the world’s first hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) diagnostic RDC product targeting the
GPC-3 target. In the future, the Group will continue to strengthen the R&D in and establishment of the nuclear medicine anti-tumor
diagnosis and treatment segment, as well as enrich and improve the product pipeline and industrial layout, forming a nuclear
medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment product cluster with the core of YiGanTai® Yttrium-90 microsphere injections, which
continuously consolidates the Group’s global leading position in the field of nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment.

Core products
YiGanTai® Yttrium-90 microsphere injections, the global innovative product:
The Group’s global blockbuster innovative product, YiGanTai® Yttrium-90 microsphere injections, received marketing approval from
the NMPA in January 2022 for the treatment of patients with unresectable colorectal cancer liver metastases who have failed
standard therapy. In July 2025, based on the breakthrough interim results of the DOORwaY90 clinical trial, the FDA granted
accelerated approval for the new indication of treating unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). It is the first and currently the
only FDA-approved selective internal radiation therapy (“SIRT”) product for the dual indications of unresectable HCC and liver
metastases from colorectal cancer. It has been used by more than 150,000 people in over 50 countries and regions around the
world. It is also recommended by the treatment guidelines issued by different international authoritative organizations such as
Barcelona Clinic Liver Cancer Guidelines (BCLC), National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN), European Society for Medical
Oncology (ESMO) Clinical Practice Guideline for diagnosis, treatment and follow-up of hepatocellular carcinoma (2025 edition),
European Association for the Study of the Liver EASL Guideline on hepatocellular carcinoma (2025 Edition) European Association
for the Study of the Liver (EASL), National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE), etc. And it has been included in several
authoritative clinical practice guidelines in China, including the “CSCO Guidelines for Diagnosis and Treatment of Primary Liver
Cancer (2024 Edition)” (《CSCO原發性肝癌診療指南（2024版）》), Guidelines for Diagnosis and Comprehensive Treatment of
Colorectal Cancer Liver Metastases (2025 Edition)” (《結 直 腸 癌 肝 轉 移 診 斷 和 綜 合 治 療 指 南（ 2025版）》), “Clinical Practice
Guidelines for Liver Cancer and Liver Transplantation in China (2021 Edition)” (《中國肝癌肝移植臨床實踐指南（2021版）》), etc.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025       25


Management Discussion and Analysis

In May 2022, YiGanTai® Yttrium-90 microsphere injections was officially commercialized in China. The treatment of liver
malignancies in China has entered a new “Y-90 era”. Since the official commercialization of YiGanTai®, over 90 hospitals have
completed the nuclide transfer procedures, its official surgeries have been carried out in over 60 hospitals in 22 provinces and cities
in China. In order to speed up the implementation and popularization of YiGanTai® microsphere injections precise interventional
therapy in China, the Group, based on the surgeon supervision and training system approved by the Chinese NMPA and the U.S.
FDA, concentrated global resources to provide comprehensive training to surgeons in China on patient screening knowledge,
surgical operation skills, and prognosis assessment methods, helping doctors to master and accumulate clinical experience to
ensure a wider, safe and effective applications of the product, and assisted domestic doctors in conducting multiple personalized
practical trainings by well-known overseas clinical experts. At present, 9 surgery, treatment and training centers have been
established. The Group has trained more than 1,200 doctors in 70 hospitals on the surgery theory or skills of YiGanTai®, more than
290 doctors have obtained the surgeon registration for YiGanTai®. Among which, 124 doctors have obtained the operation
qualification of independent surgery through strict one-to-one training by international and domestic renowned experts, and 120
doctors have been qualified as assistants in surgical operation. Another 25 experts have obtained the qualification of training
instructor, which will further accelerate the clinical popularization of YiGanTai® radioactive interventional operation.

Since its commercialization, YiGanTai® Yttrium-90 microsphere injection has been included in over 50 inclusive insurances such as
Beijing Puhui Health Insurance（北京普惠健康保）, Shanghai Hu Hui Bao（上海滬惠保）, Wuhan Fuhankang（武漢福漢康）,
Chongqing Yukuaibao（重慶渝快保）, Nanjing Ning Hui Bao（南京寧惠保）and 3 special medical insurances, which covers more
than 24 provincial-level administrative regions and over 100 cities with a significant increase in the accessibility of such product to
patients with liver cancer.

In 2025, researchers in mainland China published a wealth of high-value real-world data on Yigantai® Yttrium-90 Microspheres
Injection: at the American Society of Clinical Oncology Gastrointestinal Cancers (ASCO GI) Symposium, the American Society of
Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting, the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO Asia) Annual Meeting, the Asia-Pacific
Primary Liver Cancer Experts Alliance (APPLE) Conference, the Annual Meeting of the Asia-Pacific Hepato-Pancreato-Biliary
Association (A-PHPBA), the Annual Meeting of the Asian Oncology Society (AOS), and the Annual Meeting of the Asia-Pacific
Association for the Study of the Liver (APASL), among other leading international academic conferences in the fields of oncology
and hepatology, with a cumulative total of 27 poster presentations and 3 oral presentations. Concurrently, related research findings
have been consistently published in internationally renowned journals. Among these, a study comparing Transcatheter Arterial
Chemoembolization (TACE) in patients with high tumor burden was published in the International Journal of Surgery; a
retrospective study systematically evaluating the dual effects of Yttrium-90 (Y-90) resin microspheres on tumor shrinkage and
contralateral hepatic lobe hyperplasia was published in a recent retrospective study.

The above cover the treatment of liver cancer patients at all stages, for early-stage patients, it can undergo radioactive liver
segment ablation; for intermediate-stage patients, helps downstaging to liver transplantation/hepatectomy，demonstrating
potent tumor shrinkage effects even for tumors larger than 10 cm or 15 cm; for advanced patients, combination therapy with
systemic treatment/, TACE, Hepatic Artery Infusion Chemotherapy (HAIC), etc. Compared to traditional treatments, which require
longer treatment durations, this approach offers comprehensive care for patients with complex conditions. The “Chinese Protocol”
for Yttrium-90 (Y-90) resin microsphere therapy is gaining increasing attention and recognition from the international academic
community, thanks to its consecutive appearances at top-tier international academic conferences and in authoritative journals, as
well as the presentation of its significant findings.
26     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

LavaTM, a global innovative liquid embolic agent

LavaTM is the first innovative liquid embolic agent approved for the treatment of peripheral vascular arterial hemorrhage in the
United States. Its radiopacity makes the product less prone to artifacts during the imaging process, thus giving a better imaging
effect. LavaTM can be easily prepared in 2 minutes, while it takes about 20 minutes to prepare similar products, saving doctors’
preparation time in emergency situations and increasing the probability of patient survival; the solid embolization upon conversion
offers two viscosities which can be used flexibly for patients with different conditions. Lava TM can create synergies with
radioisotopes brachytherapy and interventional therapies. The product was approved for commercialization in the United States in
April 2023 and its formal commercialization commenced in October of the same year.

The early detection product for urothelial carcinoma, UI-SEEK®
This product employs a dual-target design combining methylation and gene mutations. According to data from a registrational
clinical study involving over 1,000 cases, UI-SEEK® demonstrates a sensitivity of 92.5% and a specificity of 95.8%. The clinical results
are excellent, and the test is non-invasive, unaffected by external factors such as haematuria or stones, thereby aiding in the early
detection, diagnosis, treatment, and benefits for patients with urothelial carcinoma. The product has been approved for market
launch by the NMPA and achieved its first commercial prescription in April 2025. It is currently the only approved product in China
with a dual mechanism of methylation and gene mutation for early detection of urothelial carcinoma. Additionally, it is the only
product recommended in authoritative guidelines such as CSCO Urothelial Carcinoma Diagnosis and Treatment Guidelines (2024
Edition) (《CSCO尿路上皮癌診療指南（2024版）》), the Expert Consensus on Early Detection and Treatment of Bladder Cancer
(2024 Edition) (《膀胱癌早診早治專家共識（2024版）》), and the Technical Expert Consensus of the China Cancer Screening
Center (《中國癌症篩查中心技術專家共識》). UI-SEEK® achieves precise, non-invasive early diagnosis of urothelial carcinoma
patients with ‘a single urine sample’, demonstrating exceptional performance.

Innovative R&D pipeline
The products of the nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment segment are mainly divided into two categories:
interventional therapy and RDC.

Interventional therapy:

GPN00289, a global innovative temperature sensitive embolic agent:
GPN00289 is an NMPA innovative medical device approved temperature sensitive embolic material for the treatment of vascular–
rich benign and malignant tumors. At room temperature, the gel has good flowability and is delivered to the vasculature of the
diseased tissue through a microcatheter. The gel is then solidified in situ at body temperature from the peripheral vessels to the
main donor vessel to achieve embolization of the diseased tissue. It is suitable for the embolization of various vascular-rich solid
organ tumors, especially benign and moderate malignant tumors in the liver. The product completed the enrollment of all patients
in the registration clinical study in October 2025. Currently, clinical study is progressing smoothly.

KonaTM, a global innovative liquid embolic agent
The product, for the treatment of preoperative embolization of cerebral arteriovenous malformations, is developed with a transient
radiopacity that diminishes over time, which can present clear post-operative organ visualization. In addition, with its drug loading
potential, KonaTM can load other chemical or radiopharmaceuticals to develop new drug-device combination products, so as to
provide more diversified treatment options for the treatment of other tumors or vascular diseases. Currently, an application for
Premarket Approval (PMA) has been submitted to the FDA for KonaTM.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025       27


Management Discussion and Analysis

AuroLase®, a global innovative solid tumor ablation therapy
AuroLase® is a global innovative therapeutic technology for prostate cancer tissue ablation that uses a new type of optically
tunable nanoparticle, delivered intravenously and enriched in the tumor, to selectively absorb laser energy and convert light into
heat, thereby precisely destroying the tumor and the blood vessels supplying it without severely damaging the surrounding
healthy tissue. AuroLase® therapy can maximize treatment outcomes while minimizing the side effects associated with surgery,
radiation and alternative focal therapies compared to surgery, radiation or traditional alternative focal therapies. Currently, an
application for PMA has been submitted to the FDA for the product.

RDC drugs:

There are currently 10 product candidates under research, and a number of products have made important progress during the
period.

TLX591/TLX591CDx, global innovative products for prostate cancer diagnosis and treatment:
TLX591 is a therapeutic RDC drug targeting prostate-specific membrane antigen (PSMA), and its early overseas clinical studies have
shown positive treatment outcomes, with a median imaging progression-free survival (rPFS) of 8.8 months and a good safety
profile. The product has undergone international multi-center Phase III clinical trials overseas, and in April 2025, an application to
join the international multi-center Phase III clinical trials was submitted to the NMPA. The application was formally approved by the
NMPA in July of the same year. TLX591-CDx is diagnostic RDC drugs targeting PSMA, which could form an integrated radiotherapy
portfolio with TLX591 for prostate cancer. TLX591-CDx was approved for commercialization in Australia in November 2021 and in
the United States in December of the same year. It was approved for commercialization in Canada in October 2022; in March 2023,
it was approved in the United States for an expanded indication for screening prostate cancer patients eligible for PSMA-targeted
radiopharmaceutical therapy, and in October 2024, it was successively approved for the expanded indication in Australia and
Canada; In 2025, TLX591-CDx has been approved for commercialization in Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Cyprus, the Czech Republic,
Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Malta, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Slovakia, Spain,
Sweden, and the United Kingdom. The phase III study in China of TLX591-CDx has successfully achieved the clinical endpoint in
December 2025. According to top-line clinical results, the overall positive predictive value (“PPV”) was 94.8% for detection of
tumors with TLX591-CDx (confidence intervals, CI: 85.9%-98.2%). The PPV was 100.0% in the prostate bed and in extra-pelvic soft
tissue, lymph nodes, and organ metastases (non-bone); 94.7% in the pelvic region outside of the prostate bed, including lymph
nodes; and 87.0% in bone metastases. At the same time, patients with suspected biochemical recurrence (BCR) were assigned to
groups according to their baseline prostate specific antigen (“PSA”) level in this trial. TLX591-CDx PET imaging demonstrated high
PPV in all patient groups, including at very low PSA levels. This suggests that PET imaging detection of TLX591-CDx has very
positive clinical significance for the early diagnosis of prostate cancer patients with suspected biochemical recurrence. In addition,
more than two-thirds (67.2%) of patients experienced a change in their treatment plan following TLX591-CDx PET/CT or PET/MRI
compared with the initial plan at baseline. This indicates that PET imaging with TLX591-CDx had a meaningful impact on clinical
decision-making, potentially leading to improved treatment strategies for participants with BCR. At present, the New Drug
Application (NDA) for TLX591-CDx has been officially accepted by the NMPA.
28     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

TLX250/TLX250CDx, global innovative products for the treatment of clear cell renal cell carcinoma:
TLX250 and TLX250-CDx form an integrated radiotherapy portfolio for clear cell renal cell carcinoma (ccRCC). TLX250-CDx was
granted a breakthrough therapy by the FDA in July 2020, and the overseas phase III clinical study successfully met clinical
endpoints in November 2022. According to the study results, for the patients with renal masses suggested by computerized
tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) but unable to determine whether it is ccRCC, the sensitivity and specificity
of positron emission tomography (PET) imaging with TLX250-CDx in the diagnosis of ccRCC reached 86% and 87% respectively,
which far exceeded the preset threshold required by the FDA (both sensitivity and specificity higher than or equal to 70%). Its
positive predictive value has reached 93%. For early ccRCC in stage T1a, which is currently difficult to diagnose (the tumor is
confined to the kidney with the largest tumor diameter smaller than or equal to 4 cm), the sensitivity and specificity of TLX250-CDx
diagnosis reached 85% and 89% respectively. These breakthrough clinical results demonstrate that TLX250-CDx is expected to
provide a highly accurate and non-invasive diagnostic solution for ccRCC, and has the potential to become a new clinical
diagnostic standard for ccRCC. Currently, the new drug application submitted by TLX250-CDx to the FDA has been accepted and
entered into priority review. Moreover, clinical studies of TLX250-CDx on a number of extended indications such as CAIX-positive
solid cancer, bladder and Urothelial carcinoma are progressing worldwide. In terms of registration in China, the product completed
the first patient enrollment and dosing in Phase III clinical trials in November 2024. TLX250 is undergoing phase II clinical study
overseas.

ITM-11/TOCscan®, a global innovative product for the treatment of gastroenteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumors (“GEP-NETs”):
ITM-11 and TOCscan® form an integrated radiotherapy portfolio for GEP-NETs. ITM-11 has received an orphan drug status from FDA
and European Medicines Agency (“EMA”), and its Phase III clinical study (COMPETE) overseas has reached its primary clinical
endpoint in January 2025. For the registration in China, the product was approved by the Chinese NMPA in April 2023 for use in the
treatment of unresectable, progressive, SSTR+ GEP-NETs. In March 2024, it was approved by the NMPA to join an international
multi-center Phase III clinical study (COMPOSE International Multi-center Study) targeting high-grade invasive Grade 2 and Grade 3,
SSTR+ GEP-NETs, and the first patient was enrolled and dosed in March 2025; Additionally, the product received approval from the
Chinese NMPA in December 2024 to initiate a Phase III bridging clinical trial for the treatment of well-differentiated Grade 1 or 2,
SSTR+ GEP-NETs. The product is expected to achieve comprehensive coverage of all stages of GEP-NET disease progression.
TOCscan® has been approved for commercialization in Germany, Austria and France in 2018.

TLX101, a global innovative product for glioblastoma treatment:
TLX101 is a RDC drug for the treatment of glioblastoma multiforme. It can pass through the blood-brain barrier entering the brain
freely, and targets the overexpressed L-type amino acid transporter 1 (LAT–1) in glioblastoma to precisely irradiate cancer cells, and
promote their apoptosis to achieve therapeutic effect. The product has been granted orphan drug designation by the FDA and is in
Phase I/II clinical research stage overseas. In April 2023, the phase I clinical study of TLX101 to be conducted in China was approved
by the NMPA.

ITM-41, a global innovative product for the treatment of bone metastasis in malignant tumors:
ITM-41 is a therapeutic RDC drug that targets bone metastasis in malignant tumors by conjugating no-carrier-added 177 Lu with
zoledronic acid. The product can precisely target hydroxyapatite at the metastasis site, inhibiting bone metastasis from malignant
tumors while minimizing radiation to normal tissues, greatly improving patient survival and potentially further reducing skeletal
related events in patients with severe bone metastases. The product is currently in the pre-clinical research stage.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025       29


Management Discussion and Analysis

GPN01530, a global innovative solid tumors diagnostic product
GPN01530 is a small molecule RDC drug that targets fibroblast activating protein (“FAP”). FAP is one of the important markers of
cancer-associated fibroblasts (“CAFs”), participating in processes such as extracellular matrix remodeling, regulation of tumor cell
proliferation, and tumor immunosuppression, thus promoting tumor growth and invasion. It is a novel and specific target for tumor
diagnosis and treatment. Studies have shown that FAP is not expressed or is expressed at low levels in normal tissues, but is highly
expressed in 90% of epithelial tumor tissues and CAFs in various tumor microenvironments. GPN01530 optimizes the structure of
the FAP ligand, improving its uptake in tumor tissues, while reducing its uptake in normal tissues. Preclinical studies have shown
that this product, compared to other FAP-targeted ligands, exhibits rapid tumor targeting, higher tumor uptake, and superior
pharmacokinetic properties. Furthermore, ongoing IIT human studies have demonstrated a favorable safety profile for GPN01530,
rapid background clearance, strong and sustained lesion uptake, and superior clinical image contrast and accurate detection rate of
positive lesions compared to 18F-FDG. Based on these preclinical and clinical results, this product significantly improves the
diagnostic efficacy of FAP-targeted RDC drugs, and provide a brand-new tumor diagnosis solution for a large number of solid
tumor patients. At present, the product has been approved by the FDA to conduct a Phase I/II clinical study for the diagnosis of
solid tumors.

GPN02006, a global innovative hepatocellular carcinoma diagnostic product
GPN02006 is a globally innovative diagnostic radiopharmaceutical based on radiopharmaceutical-antibody conjugation technology,
targeting phosphoinositide glycoprotein 3 (“GPC-3”). It exhibits high specificity and affinity for the GPC-3 target, with good safety
profiles, making it suitable for precise diagnosis of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Currently, drug development targeting the GPC-
3 target is still in the early stages of research and development globally, with no drugs targeting this target yet available on the
market. The investigator-initiated clinical study (IIT clinical study) of GPN02006 conducted in China achieved breakthrough progress
in April 2025, and the clinical results were presented at the Chengdu 2025 Future XDC New Drug Conference and the North
American Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging Annual Meeting. The clinical study data demonstrated that
GPN02006 exhibits excellent safety and imaging efficacy: No drug-related adverse reactions were reported in any of the participants
after administration, demonstrating excellent safety and tolerability; high-quality imaging can be achieved within 30 minutes after
administration, fully meeting the clinical demand for rapid diagnosis of hepatocellular carcinoma. The drug has three significant
advantages in terms of imaging quality: 1) extremely low background signal; 2) high specificity of uptake in HCC lesions; and 3)
superior diagnostic contrast. Based on its unique molecular targeting mechanism, the drug can achieve: 1) early precise localization
of HCC lesions; 2) dynamic assessment of treatment response; and 3) Early warning of recurrence and metastasis, providing robust
molecular imaging evidence for clinicians to develop personalized treatment plans; Compared to current HCC diagnostic protocols,
GPN02006 demonstrates superior diagnostic efficacy in detecting early-stage, small HCC lesions. This product has the potential to
improve the current clinical challenges of low early diagnosis rates and difficulties in monitoring recurrence and metastasis in HCC
patients. Currently, the clinical registration development of this product is being actively advanced.
30       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



 Management Discussion and Analysis

 Cerebro-cardiovascular Precision Interventional Diagnosis and Treatment Segment
The Group adheres to the treatment concept of “precision treatment” and conducts comprehensive layout in three directions,
namely channel management, structural heart disease and heart failure, to build a high-end medical device product cluster. At
present, the segment has reserved over 30 products, of which 25 products in channel management have been approved for
commercialization in China. One product in the chronic disease management category has been approved for commercialization
in China, and one product in the field of structural heart disease has been approved for commercialization in China. The Group’s
multi-polar renal artery radiofrequency ablation system, Platinum Wisdom IberisTM, developed in collaboration with Shanghai An
Tong Medical Technology Co., Ltd.（上海安通醫療科技）, was approved for commercialization by the NMPA in February 2025. The
transcatheter mitral valve clip system NeoNova® and coronary artery shockwave system DEEPQUAKE-C TM, developed in
collaboration with Jiangsu Zhenyi Medical Technology Co., Ltd., were approved for market launch by the NMPA in February 2025
and June 2025, respectively. The intracranial aneurysm co-embolization stent, developed in collaboration with Jiangsu Ced Medical
Technology Co., Ltd.（江蘇暢醫達醫療科技有限公司）, received marketing approval from the NMPA in August 2025, while the
varicose vein radiofrequency ablation system, developed in collaboration with Anhui Yingte Weiluo Medical Technology Co., Ltd.
（安徽穎特微絡醫療科技有限公司）, received marketing approval from the NMPA in October 2025.While other products are also
being actively promoted for clinical registration in China in order to achieve the stage-by-stage commercialization for innovative
products in the coming years, driving the business in this segment to achieve steady growth.

 The Group has completed the comprehensive construction of the “active + passive” innovative device platform in this segment.
 Among them, the Active Equipment R&D and Production Base in Optics Valley, Wuhan and the Passive Equipment R&D and
 Production Base in Changzhou have been put into use. The Shanghai Device R&D Center, which focuses on the field of structural
 heart disease, has been put into use. At present, the Group has carried out technology cooperation with clinical centers or R&D
 platforms in the Unites States, Canada, Germany, Italy and Switzerland, and gradually started a new process of globalized R&D. The
 segment has over 300 employees and nearly 50 R&D team members, with over 75% of them holding master’s degrees and doctoral
 degrees. With a comprehensive background in medicine, pharmacy, materials, machinery, electronics, etc., it helps to achieve stable
 and long– term development in R&D and innovation. The Group is committed to developing this segment into a leading “cerebro-
 cardiovascular precision interventional therapy platform” in China and worldwide.

 Core Products
 RESTORE DEB®, a coronary drug-coating balloon:
 RESTORE DEB® is the first drug-coating balloon with the dual indications of original coronary artery disease mutation and stent
 restenosis in China. Its clinical research results were published in the important journal JACC (Journal of the American College of
 Cardiology) Cardiovascular Interventions in the field of cardiovascular disease. The unique SAFEPAX patented technology ensures a
 uniform and stable drug coating with a low shedding rate. Since its launch, it has been recognized by a large number of clinicians
 and patients and has a good market reputation, and its clinical status was also affirmed in the guidelines and expert consensus
 such as the “Guidelines for Treatment of Percutaneous Coronary Intervention”（中國經皮冠狀動脈介入治療指南）and the
 Chinese Expert Consensus on Clinical Application of Drug Coated Balloon（藥物塗層球囊臨床應用中國專家共識）.

 APERTO® OTW, a drug coated balloon for dialysis access:
 APERTO® OTW is the first drug-coating balloon for the indication of arteriovenous fistula stenosis in dialysis patients. This product
 has the dual characteristics of high pressure resistance and drug coating. Compared with ordinary high pressure balloon, APERTO®
 OTW has a significant advantage in the passing rate of target lesions for six months after surgery, which will greatly contribute to
 the extension of the life time of fistula and the improvement of the quality of life of dialysis patients. Its clinical research results are
 published in “American Journal of Kidney Diseases”, an important journal in the field of kidney disease treatment.
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025        31


Management Discussion and Analysis

NOVASIGHTTM, an intravascular dual mode imaging system, and its domestically produced product NOVASYNCTM:
NOVASIGHTTM and NOVASYNCTM combine two imaging technologies, namely intravascular ultrasound (“IVUS”) and optical
coherence tomography (“OCT”) and can simultaneously show the ultrasound and optical image with the same direction, axis and
phase, which, on one hand, better provides doctors with histological and morphological information on intravascular plaque and
vascular wall, facilitating doctors to provide patients with more accurate treatment options. On the other hand, it also reduces the
diagnosis and treatment procedures for patients and reduces their medical burden. NOVASIGHT TM is the first intravascular
ultrasound and optical dual mode imaging system approved by the FDA of the United States. It has been commercialized both in
Canada and Japan. NOVASYNCTM is the domestically produced successor to NOVASIGHTTM. It inherits excellent performance and
high quality of NOVASIGHTTM, achieves compatibility between domestic and imported products, and further reduces production
costs, thereby benefiting more patients with coronary heart disease. These two products have a promising prospect in the field of
coronary artery imaging and intracavitary interventional surgery.

Lu Ci®, the first domestically produced adjustable intracranial thrombectomy stent product:
Lu Ci® features a circular wire braided structure design, allowing manual adjustment to the ideal diameter outside the body to
match the target vessel. During stent implantation, the entire process is visible and radiopaque, enabling surgeons to better adjust
the stent based on the location and total length of the thrombus to better adapt to the occluded vessel, thereby achieving a
higher vascular recanalization rate. The adjustable characteristics of Lu Ci enhance the stent’s ability to engage with the thrombus,
improving surgical efficacy, while also reducing vascular damage and enhancing surgical safety. Additionally, Lu Ci is fully
radiopaque, facilitating precise manipulation by physicians. The commercialization of Lu Ci provides a new option for thrombus
removal therapy in acute ischemic stroke.

Multi-polar renal artery radiofrequency ablation system Platinum Wisdom IberisTM
Utilizing advanced renal nerve ablation technology, the system delivers the ablation catheter precisely to the renal artery via
minimally invasive intervention. Radiofrequency energy is then used to ablate the renal sympathetic nerves, effectively blocking the
transmission of overly excited renal sympathetic nerve signals, thereby achieving stable blood pressure regulation. IberisTM has
demonstrated excellent clinical efficacy in the treatment of patients with uncontrolled primary hypertension. and related research
findings have been published in full in the top-tier international cardiovascular academic journal Circulation (Impact Factor: 35.5),
receiving high recognition from the international academic community. It is currently the only renal artery denervation ablation
(RDN) product globally that has obtained EU CE certification and features a dual-access design via the radial and femoral arteries.

Domestic coronary and peripheral shockwave systems DEEPQUAKE-CTM and DEEPQUAKETM
By releasing non-focused pulsed acoustic pressure waves to the affected area during low-pressure balloon expansion, DEEPQUAKE-
CTM effectively and safely destroys both superficial and deep calcified plaques in the vascular wall. It is indicated for the treatment of
adult coronary artery calcification lesions with coronary artery stenosis ≥50% prior to stent implantation. DEEPQUAKETM is indicated
for the treatment of calcified lesions in the iliac artery, femoral artery, iliofemoral artery, popliteal artery, renal artery, and below-the-
knee artery in adult patients with vascular stenosis ≥50%. DEEPQUAKE-CTM and DEEPQUAKETM feature a unique product design,
both with high pulse energy and five-level adjustable energy settings, enabling more targeted fragmentation of stubborn calcified
tissue; both have a greater number of electrode arrangements, ensuring more uniform energy distribution and enhancing
treatment safety and efficacy; Additionally, DEEPQUAKE-C TM uses flexible integrated electrodes, with thinner and more flexible
electrodes improving balloon passability. DEEPQUAKETM offers higher energy, more electrodes, and longer specifications, enabling
coverage of extensive diffuse calcification lesions. These two products are expected to provide patients with coronary and
peripheral vascular calcification lesions with more diverse treatment options.
32     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

Domestic Transcatheter Mitral Valve Clip System NeoNova®
This product enables edge-to-edge mitral valve repair for patients with mitral regurgitation via an interventional approach,
improving cardiac function, reducing surgical trauma, and shortening recovery time. The product is easy to operate and has good
safety. It uses an elastic self-locking mechanism that allows the clamp arms to automatically adapt to the valve strength and lock
automatically, ensuring stable clamping while maximizing the avoidance of the risk of valve tears during and after surgery; The
‘I-shaped’ clamp design allows flexible adaptation to complex scenarios such as chordal entanglement and transvalvular crossing at
the commissure; it offers stable bending control with a smaller radius, reducing the surgical space required within the atrium and
providing greater operational flexibility. This product is expected to offer a new treatment option for patients with mitral
regurgitation.

First Domestically Produced Braided Intracranial Aneurysm Co-embolization Stent Blue Whale™
Suitable for intracranial aneurysms patients aged 18 and older. This device consists of a delivery system, and a nickel-titanium
braided self-expanding stent. With its innovative structural and performance design, it overcomes the limitations of existing
products, better adapts to complex anatomical structures, and meets diverse clinical needs. Utilizing a 16-strand nickel-titanium
monofilament braiding process, it balances robust radial support with excellent flexibility and conformability. The V-shaped
occlusion design at both the proximal and distal ends ensures secure anchoring within the vessel and prevents displacement;
Leveraging unique winding and radiopaque technology, four radiopaque wires are uniformly wound around the stent. Four
radiopaque markers at the proximal end, combined with V-shaped reinforcement at the distal end, ensure clear tracking
throughout the procedure, providing the operator with precise visualization. In terms of manipulation and delivery, the stent offers
excellent controllability and can be retrieved even after 80% deployment, enabling precise implantation. Stents with a diameter of
3 mm or less can be delivered and deployed via a 17-gauge microcatheter, significantly enhancing maneuverability and delivery
performance; Compared to laser-cut stents, its metal coverage has been increased to 18%, enabling moderate blood flow diversion.
The angiographic aneurysm occlusion rate exceeds 95%, optimizing treatment outcomes. This product is expected to offer a new
treatment option for patients with intracranial aneurysms.

First Intravascular Radiofrequency Closure System with Integrated Infusion Capability Yinrong™
Indicated for the treatment of varicose veins of the great saphenous vein in the lower extremities (limited to superficial veins). With
multiple innovative designs, it transforms the clinical treatment experience, delivering benefits to both patients and clinicians. Its
pioneering integrated infusion and ablation solution allows for seamless switching between the two functions via a foot pedal,
significantly reducing procedure time and effectively mitigating the potential risks associated with separate operations. In terms of
treatment adaptability, Yinrong™ supports flexible switching between 3cm and 7cm catheter lengths, allowing a single catheter to
cover both treatment needs and precisely match the personalized clinical scenarios of different patients. Additionally, the product
features an innovative intelligent catheter detection function that comprehensively evaluates catheter electrical performance prior
to the procedure, ensuring surgical safety. Furthermore, Yinrong™ is available in 12 different specifications and models, enabling it
to effectively address complex clinical scenarios and market competition while covering a broader range of diagnostic and
therapeutic needs and patient populations.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025       33


Management Discussion and Analysis

Innovative and R&D pipeline
aXess, a global innovative endogenous tissue repair product:
aXess is a global innovative endogenous tissue repair product for end-stage renal disease (ESRD) patients with arteriovenous graft
(AVGs) for hemodialysis treatment. The product is expected to provide safer and more effective blood access for dialysis patients by
providing a basic structural framework for autologous tissue repair of patients, accelerating the establishment of dialysis access, and
reducing the incidence of thrombosis and related complications. aXess can further synergize with APERTO® OTW in the field of
hemodialysis. The pivotal clinical trial for this product in the United States received Breakthrough Device designation from the FDA
in November 2024, while the pivotal clinical trial conducted in Europe successfully met its clinical endpoints in October 2025 and
submitted its CE mark application in November 2025. Specific results show that, compared to standard therapy, aXess achieved
significant improvements across all key clinical metrics. Compared to other arteriovenous grafts, aXess demonstrated superior
patency rates for both primary and secondary endpoints, with fewer interventions. Compared to autologous arteriovenous fistulas
(AVFs), aXess had a lower reintervention rate and exhibited high resistance to infection; Regarding safety, among all 120 patients,
only one case of (partial) graft removal related to puncture site infection occurred, indicating that aXess possesses extremely high
resistance to infection; aXess enables near-immediate puncture, with a bleeding complication rate of less than 0.02% across more
than 15,000 dialysis treatments. These data demonstrate that aXess possesses excellent safety and efficacy profiles, outperforming
current standard therapies in all aspects. Regarding registration in China, the product is currently in the preclinical development
stage.

Saturn, a global innovative mitral valve replacement system:
Saturn is a global innovative medical device for mitral valve replacement. The product is implanted in an interventional manner via
a room septum to minimize surgical trauma and shorten post-operative recovery time, and innovatively combines annular
reconstruction technology with valve replacement technology to enhance device adaptability and suitability for all common mitral
valve structures. The product underwent a clinical study using the transcatheter approach in Europe in 2020 and completed patient
enrollment in 2022. In May 2024, the first patient enrollment for clinical study using the femoral vein approach was completed in
Europe. Meanwhile, the registration of the product in China is also under active progress.

CoRISMA, a global innovative ventricular assisted device:
CoRISMA is a fully implanted transcatheter ventricular assisted medical device for the treatment of class III and end-stage heart
failure. By adopting the world’s most advanced energy transmission technology for wireless power supply, it provides a minimally
invasive, safe, power-line infection-free and complication-free treatment for patients with end-stage heart failure through minimally
invasive surgery. Currently, the Group is working with an innovative medical device company incubated by Yale University on
product development.
34     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

PHARMACEUTICAL TECHNOLOGY
With years of experience in the respiratory and critical and severe disease, ENT and cerebro-cardiovascular emergency fields, the
Group currently has a number of products with high entry barrier and exclusive products with leading market shares, a strong
brand name and a solid market position, and also reserves a number of innovative products.

Through an innovation model combining global technology cooperation and independent R&D, the Group has established the
International R&D Center in Optics Valley, Wuhan, the Glycomics R&D Center in Australia and the mRNA R&D Center in Aoluo,
Nanjing in the field of pharmaceutical technology. These R&D centers and technology platforms will continue to empower and
provide continuous technological support for the Group’s R&D and innovation in the field of pharmaceutical technology.

Respiratory and Critical and Severe Disease Segment
The Group’s products on sale in the respiratory and critical and severe disease segment covers a wide range of indications such as
rhinitis, bronchitis, pneumonia, asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, etc. The core products, Qie Nuo (Eucalyptol,
Limonene and Pinene Enteric Soft Capsules), Compound Nasal Spray Ryaltris®, Enerzair® Breezhaler® and Atectura® Breezhaler® are
exclusive products nationwide, which are in the leading position in their respective segments.

The innovative strategic plan in this field focuses on the unmet significant clinical needs, with a number of products under
research, covering sepsis and Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome (“ARDS”) etc. In the future, the Group will continue to adopt the
R&D concept of independent R&D and global expansion to create a full-cycle management product cluster for chronic airway
diseases and a pipeline of products for critical and severe diseases, so as to continuously strengthen the Group’s industry position
in this field.

Respiratory products
The main products include Qie Nuo®, Enerzair®, Breezhaler® and Atectura®, Breezhaler®, new compound nasal spray Ryaltris®,
Budesonide Nasal Spray etc.

Qie Nuo®:
It is a soluble and phlegm-free drug for viscosity, and is suitable for acute and chronic rhinosinusitis as well as respiratory diseases
such as acute and chronic bronchitis, pneumonia, bronchial dilation, pulmonary abscess, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease,
bacterial infection in the lungs, tuberculosis, and silica lungs. It can also be used for bronchoscopic angiography to facilitate the
discharge of contrast medium. It is an exclusive product in China independently developed by the Group with two separate types
of drugs for adult and children’s use and was included in China’s National Reimbursement Drug List in 2017 and China’s National
Essential Drug List in 2018 respectively, and was listed in the Top Brands of the Health Industry in 2025（二零二五年健康產業品
牌榜）, Potential Brands in China’s Pharmaceutical Retail Market 2024（2024年度中國藥品零售市場潛力品牌）, top Brands of
Family Medicine in China 2022-2023（2022-2023年中國家庭常備藥上榜品牌）. Currently, there are dozens of guidelines and
expert consensus recommending the use of viscosity dissolving promotors for clinical use. Among them, more than 10 guidelines
and expert consensus explicitly recommend eucalyptol, limonene and pinene enteric soft capsules or its active ingredients for
clinical treatment, such as Guidelines for the diagnosis, treatment and management of cough in China (2024 Edition)《中國咳嗽基
層診療與管理指南（ (2024年版）》), the Expert Consensus on the Diagnosis and Treatment of Adult Bronchiectasis in China (2021
Edition) (《中國成人支氣管擴張症診斷與治療專家共識（2021版）》), Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Secretory
Otitis Media in Children (2021 Edition) (《兒童分泌性中耳炎診斷和治療指南（2021版）》), the Guidelines for Rational Use of
Drugs for Chronic COPD in Primary Care (2020 Edition) (《慢性阻塞性肺疾病基層合理用藥指南(2020版）》), Chinese Guidelines
for Perioperative Airway Management in Thoracic Surgery (2020 Edition)（《中國胸外科圍手術期氣道管理指南（2020版）》）,
Diagnosis and Treatment of Primary Fibromotor Dyskinesia: Chinese Expert Consensus（《原發性纖毛運動障礙診斷與治療中國
專家共識》）, Expert Consensus on Classification and Diagnosis of Rhinitis and Nasal Medication Regimen（《鼻炎分類和診斷及鼻
腔用藥方案的專家共識》）and Expert Consensus on Childhood Recurrent Respiratory Infections（《兒童反復呼吸道感染專家共
識》）, etc. Its clinical status is prominent, and the level of recognition among doctors and patients is high, continuing to lead the
market of oral cough relieving and phlegm relieving drugs.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025       35


Management Discussion and Analysis

 Enerzair® Breezhaler® (indacaterol acetate, glycopyrronium bromide and mometasone furoate powder for inhalation II) and
 Atectura® Breezhaler® (indacaterol acetate and mometasone furoate powder for inhalation II, III):
 Enerzair® Breezhaler® is the first triple combination inhalation preparation for asthma indications approved in China for the
 maintenance treatment of asthma in adults not adequately controlled with the maintenance combination treatment of long-acting
 beta2 adrenergic agonist (LABA) and inhaled corticosteroid (ICS). The product has clear efficacy, is convenient to use, and has
 achieved breakthroughs in three aspects: (1) using an optimized drug combination of ICS, LABA and long-acting muscarinic
 receptor antagonist (LAMA) (i.e. mometasone furoate/indacaterol acetate/glycopyrronium bromide), the three effective ingredients
 can provide synergy benefit, and compared with the conventional high dose ICS-LABA and high dose ICS-LABA combined with
 LAMA opened triple combination, Enerzair® Breezhaler® can effectively improve the clinical symptoms and lung function of patients
 with moderate to severe asthma, and significantly reduce the risk of acute attacks; (2) dosing once a day, which significantly
 facilitates the patient and is expected to improve the compliance; (3) using the advanced Breezhaler® inhalation device, which is
 easy to operate, and provides patients with triple confirmation of dosing as audible, tasteable, and visible, enhancing patients’
 confidence that the complete dose has been taken. The ARGON phase III clinical study of the product shows that, compared with
 high dose Salmeterol-Fluticasone powder for inhalation combined with Tiotropium Bromide Spray opened triple combination,
 Enerzair® Breezhaler® significantly reduce the annualized rate of moderate exacerbations (based on 24 weeks data) by 43Atectura®
 Breezhaler® is an innovative combination of ICS mometasone furoate and LABA indacaterol acetate for the maintenance treatment
 of adult and 12years old above adolescent patients with asthma. Atectura® Breezhaler® also has the characteristics including “visible
 and controllable, precise inhalation, once a day” etc. It can significantly improve the lung function of patients and reduce the risk of
 acute attacks, and is a new choice for optimal treatment of asthma patients. The phase III clinical study of the product shows that,
 compared with the conventional high dose Salmeterol-Fluticasone powder for inhalation, Atectura® Breezhaler® can significantly
 improve the risk of acute attack in patients, and the risk of severe, moderately severe and all acute attack categories is reduced by
 approximately 26%, 22% and 19% respectively. Both products have been included in the Chinese Expert Consensus on the
 Standardized Application of Inhalation Devices for Stable Chronic Airway Diseases (2023 Edition) (《穩定期慢性氣道疾病吸入裝
 置規範應用中國專家共識（2023版）》), Chinese Expert Consensus on the Diagnosis and Management of Severe Asthma (2024
 Edition) (《重度哮喘診斷與處理中國專家共識（2024版）》), Guidelines for the Prevention and Treatment of Bronchial Asthma
 (2024 Edition) (《支氣管哮喘防治指南（2024年版）》), the Global Strategy for Asthma Management and Prevention (2025 Edition)
(《全球哮喘管理和預防策略（2025版）》) and other authoritative clinical guidelines and expert consensus documents both
 domestically and internationally. Additionally, both products have been officially included in the Category B drug management
 scope of China’s National Basic Medical Insurance, Work Injury Insurance, and Maternity Insurance Drug Directory (《國家基本醫療
 保 險、工 傷 保 險 和 生 育 保 險 藥 品 目 錄》), providing new treatment options for individuals undergoing long-term asthma
 therapy.

New Compound Nasal Spray Ryaltris®:
Ryaltris® is a novel antihistamine and corticosteroid combination nasal spray for the treatment of moderate to severe seasonal AR in
adult and pediatric patients 6 years of age and older, and moderate to severe perennial AR in adult and pediatric patients 12 years
of age and older. Authoritative clinical guidelines and expert consensus documents both domestically and internationally, such as
Chinese Guideline for Diagnosis and Treatment of Allergic Rhinitis (2022 Edition) (《中國變性鼻炎診斷與治療指引(2022版）》),
Clinical Consensus on Classification and Diagnosis of Rhinitis and Nasal Medication Regimen (2019 Edition) (《鼻炎分類及診斷及
鼻腔用藥方案(2019版）》), ARIA Clinical Pathway for Allergen Immunotherapy (2019 Edition), (《ARIA變應原免疫治療的醫療路
徑（2019版）》), recommend intranasal antihistamines and intranasal corticosteroids as the first-line treatments for allergic rhinitis.
As a combination formulation, Ryaltris offers patients a more convenient and effective treatment option, improves patient
adherence, and provides a new therapeutic option for AR patients in China. The product received FDA approval in January 2022
and was approved by the NMPA in November 2025. Additionally, it has been approved for marketing in multiple countries and
regions, including Australia, Russia, South Korea, the United Kingdom, and the European Union, demonstrating significant market
potential.
36      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

 Budesonide Nasal Spray:
 It is a nasal corticosteroid medication with potent local anti-inflammatory and anti-allergic effects, which can directly act on the
 nasal mucosa to relieve rhinitis symptoms. It is used for the treatment of seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis, perennial non-
 allergic rhinitis; it can also be used to prevent the recurrence of nasal polyps after nasal polyp removal and for symptomatic
 treatment of nasal polyps. As a first-line medication for allergic rhinitis, it has been included in multiple clinical guidelines and
 expert consensus documents such as the product has been included in clinical guidelines such as Guidelines for the Chinese
 Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Chronic Sinusitis (2024 Edition) (《中國慢性鼻竇炎診斷與治療指南（2024版）》),
 Chinese Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Allergic Rhinitis (2022 Revised Edition) (《中國變應性鼻炎診斷和治療指
 南（2022年，修訂版）》), Chinese Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Allergic Rhinitis in Children (2022 Revised Edition)
(《兒童變應性鼻炎診斷和治療指南（2022年，修訂版）》), the Expert Consensus on the Treatment of Allergic Rhinitis with Nasal
 Corticosteroids (《鼻用糖皮質激素治療變應性鼻炎專家共識》), and the Expert Consensus on the Classification, Diagnosis, and
 Nasal Medication Regimens for Rhinitis (《鼻炎分類和診斷及鼻腔用藥方案的專家共識》). This product is the first generic in
 China and is expected to alter the competitive landscape in the market for products with the same generic name, which has been
 dominated by foreign companies.

 Fluticasone propionate Nasal Spray:
 It is a nasal corticosteroid medication with potent local anti-inflammatory and anti-allergic effects, it directly acts on the nasal
 mucosa to alleviate nasal inflammation symptoms. It is indicated for the prevention and treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis
 (including hay fever) and perennial allergic rhinitis. It is a first-line treatment for allergic rhinitis and is included in the Chinese
 Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Chronic Sinusitis (2024 Edition) (《中國慢性鼻竇炎診斷與治療指南（2024版）),
 Chinese Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Allergic Rhinitis (2022 Revised Edition) (《中國變應性鼻炎診斷和治療指
 南（2022年，修訂版）》), Chinese Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Allergic Rhinitis in Children (2022 Revised Edition)
(《兒童變應性鼻炎診斷和治療指南（ 2022年，修訂版）), the Expert Consensus on the Treatment of Allergic Rhinitis with Nasal
 Corticosteroids (《鼻用糖皮質激素治療變應性鼻炎專家共識》), and the Expert Consensus on the Classification, Diagnosis, and
 Nasal Medication Regimens for Rhinitis (《鼻炎分類和診斷及鼻腔用藥方案的專家共識》). This product is the first generic in
 China and is expected to alter the competitive landscape in the market for products with the same generic name, which has been
 dominated by foreign companies.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025       37


Management Discussion and Analysis

Innovative R&D pipeline
Based on unmet clinical needs, the Group has reserved a number of global innovative drugs for the indications of sepsis, ARDS, etc.

STC3141, a global innovative drug for the treatment of severe diseases:
STC3141 is a small molecule compound with a novel mechanism of action independently developed by the Group, which can be
used to reverse organ damage caused by excessive immune responses by neutralizing extracellular free histones and neutrophil
traps and is applicable to multiple severe disease indications. STC3141 is the world’s first sepsis treatment solution centered on
rebuilding immune homeostasis, representing a major upgrade in treatment dimensions. Building on existing symptomatic
supportive treatments such as anti-infection, fluid resuscitation and organ function maintenance, it precisely regulates the core
cause of the disease, which is immune dysregulation, to help the body restore balance. This is expected to fill the current clinical
gap in sepsis treatment targeting the underlying cause. The product has a novel mechanism, and the results of related preclinical
research have been published in “Nature Communications” and “Critical Care”, both top academic journals with far-reaching
academic influence, in February 2020 and November 2023, respectively. At present, the product has been granted 7 clinical
approvals in four indications of sepsis, ARDS, severe COVID-19 infection (“COVID-19”), and ARDS caused by COVID-19 in five
countries around three continents including China, Australia, Belgium, United Kingdom and Poland. Four patient-specific clinical
studies were completed and have successfully met the clinical endpoints. Previous Phase Ib clinical studies conducted in Australia
and Belgium for the treatment of sepsis, a Phase Ib clinical study conducted in China targeting acute respiratory distress syndrome
(ARDS), and a Phase IIa clinical study conducted in Europe for the treatment of severe COVID-19 infection have all demonstrated
that STC3141 exhibits good safety and tolerability. Additionally, it has shown positive signals in helping patients wean off
ventilators, discontinuing vasopressors, and shortening ICU hospitalization duration. The Phase II clinical study targeting sepsis
conducted in China successfully achieved its primary clinical endpoint in May 2025. Clinical results showed that the SOFA scores of
the drug treatment group on day 7 were significantly lower than baseline, particularly in the high-dose group, with a reduction
significantly greater than that of the placebo group, and the difference was statistically significant and clinically meaningful; the
trends for secondary endpoints were consistent with the primary endpoint and met expectations. Additionally, STC3141
demonstrated good safety and tolerability, with pharmacokinetic characteristics also in line with expectations. These study results
confirm the efficacy and safety of STC3141 in the treatment of sepsis, marking a new breakthrough in critical care medicine. The
success of this clinical study is expected to usher in a new era in sepsis treatment.
38     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

ENT segment
In the ENT segment, the Group’s treatment areas include diseases in multiple fields such as ophthalmology, otolaryngology, and
stomatology, covering chemical preparations, Chinese drug preparations and health products, including prescription drugs, OTC
drugs, medical devices, consumer goods and other major categories. We have established a professional marketing team centered
on customer needs and guided by academic expertise, forming a nationwide marketing network. This segment adheres to a
development strategy combining traditional Chinese and Western medicine with integrated pharmaceutical and medical device
therapies, continue to refine our portfolio of product clusters that promote the coordinated development of traditional Chinese
patent medicines, innovative ophthalmic drugs, and OTC retail products. In the traditional Chinese patent medicine sector, the
Group leverages the core strengths of traditional Chinese medicine in the treatment of chronic diseases and continues to deepen
its expertise. Building upon the consolidation and enhancement of our otolaryngology product portfolio, we have successfully
expanded our business into therapeutic areas such as cardiovascular and cerebrovascular chronic diseases and neurology through
strategic initiatives including the Maixuekang series, Dan Zhen Headache Capsules, and other TCM products with significant
competitive advantages, we have successfully expanded our business into therapeutic areas such as cardiovascular and
cerebrovascular chronic diseases and neurology. This has enabled a strategic transformation of our TCM business from a single
focus on ENT to a comprehensive approach to chronic disease treatment; In the OTC retail sector, the Group is actively building
China’s leading eye health consumer brand, providing professional, safe, and convenient eye health solutions; In the field of
innovative ophthalmic drugs，through a combination of collaborative introductions and independent R&D, the Group has
developed a portfolio of globally innovative products for the treatment of “dry eye syndrome”, “demodicosis blepharitis”, “post-
surgical anti-inflammatory” and “analgesic therapy” in ophthalmology, “pterygium”, and “myopia”, establishing a differentiated
competitive advantage. These products are expected to provide patients with more treatment options and improve their quality of
life. At the same time, by continuously strengthening the development of our clinical evidence-based medicine framework and
professional academic promotion system, we provide clinical experts with comprehensive disease management protocols and
detailed product service solutions. Moving forward, this division will continue to focus on cutting-edge innovation areas, further
enhance its industry influence, and achieve new breakthroughs in its business domains.

ENT products
The ENT core products of the Group include He Xue Ming Mu tablets, Jinsang Series (Jinsang Kaiyin Tablet/Capsule/Pill/Granules,
Jinsang Qingyin Tablet/Capsule/Pill/Granules, Jinsang Liyan Tablet/Capsule/Pill/Granules, Jinsang Sanjie Tablet/Capsule/Pill/
Granules), Maixuekang (Maixuekang capsules and Maixuekang enteric-coated tablets), Rui Zhu (polyvinyl alcohol eye drop) and Nuo
Tong (Xylometazoline Hydrochloride), Dan Zhen Headache Capsules, Valinic acid tartrate nasal spray etc.

He Xue Ming Mu tablets:
which is produced by three classical formulae, namely the Siwutang（四物湯）, Erzhiwan（二至丸）and Shengpuhuangtang（生蒲
黃湯）, has the functions of cooling blood hemostasis, moisturising dryness and removing blood stasis, and nourishing liver and
eye-brightening, and is mainly used for the treatment of retinal disease caused by the cloudy liver and the heat-burn winding.
Since He Xue Ming Mu tablets have been the exclusive product in China, the State Protected Chinese Medicine, the National
Reimbursement Drug List and the National Essential Drug List for the last 30 years since its commercialization, the Group has
accumulated a large number of clinical research data and application experience in the field of retinal hemorrhage, which has been
included in a number of guidelines/consensus such as Guidelines for the Prevention and Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes in
Traditional Chinese Medicine (2024 Edition) (《2型糖尿病中醫防治指南（2024版）), Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of
Pathological Myopia with Macular Hemorrhage in Traditional Chinese Medicine (2022 Edition) (《病理性近視眼底病變黃斑出血
中醫診療指南（2022版）), and the Expert Consensus on Clinical Application of He Xue Ming Mu Tablets for the Treatment of Wet
Age-related Macular Degeneration (《和血明目片治療濕性年齡相關性黃斑變性臨床應用專家共識》) and provides valuable
literature support for clinical use of the products.
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025        39


Management Discussion and Analysis

Jinsang Series Products:
They are exclusive products nationwide, covering all the diseases of the throat, among which, Jinsang Sanjie Capsule is used for the
treatment of chronic hoarseness disease caused by heat and poisoning storage and airtight blood stasis (vocal nodules, polyp of
vocal cords, thickening of mucosa of vocal cords) and the resulting hoarseness. Jinsang Sanjie Capsule has been widely used in
clinical application for more than 30 years since its commercialization. Jinsang Liyan Capsule is the only Chinese patent medicine
for the treatment of throat diseases caused by intraocular obstruction of liver depression and phlegm and humidification. It is also
an ideal medicine for the treatment of pharyngeal symptoms in clinical operation, gastroesophageal reflux pharyngitis, and chronic
and thick pharyngitis. Jinsang Kaiyin Capsule is designed for the rapid effect of acute pharyngitis as well as throat redness, swelling,
heat, pain and hoarning caused by acute pharyngitis. This series of product has received widespread clinical recognition. Guidelines
for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Common Diseases in Otorhinolaryngology of Traditional Chinese Medicine (《中醫耳鼻咽喉科
常 見 病 診 療 指 南》), Guidelines for the Rational Use of Traditional Chinese Medicines for Promoting Blood Circulation and
Removing Blood Stasis (《活血化瘀類中成藥合理用藥指南》), the Clinical Drug Guidelines (《臨床用藥指南》) for the diagnosis
and treatment of clinicians, he authoritative monographs of the Manual for Common Traditional Chinese Medicine of
Otorhinolaryngology (《常見眼耳鼻咽喉科中成藥手冊》) and the Practical Otorhinolaryngology Head and Neck Surgery (《實用
耳鼻咽喉頭頸外科學》), etc., has been included in numerous clinical pathways and expert treatment guidelines. In January 2022,
the Expert Consensus on the Clinical Application of Jinsang Sanjie Capsules for the Treatment of Vocal Nodules and Polyp of Vocal
Cords (《金嗓散結膠囊治療聲帶小結、聲帶息肉臨床應用專家共識》) was issued by the Chinese Association of Traditional
Chinese Medicine, which has also provided new support for the evidence-based development of Jinsang Sanjie products. Jinsang
Sanjie and Jinsang Kaiyin Capsules are products on the National Reimbursement Drug List. Jinsang Kaiyin and Qingyin are dual
cross-over products with both prescription and over-the-counter drugs.

Duoputai®, Maixuekang capsules and Maixuekang enteric-coated tablets:
It has the effects of anticoagulation, antithrombosis, antifibrosis, and improvement of blood circulation, and can be used in the
treatment of cerebro-cardiovascular diseases such as coronary heart disease, acute cerebral infarction, ischemic stroke, and unstable
angina. It is included in the National Reimbursement Drug List and the Essential Drug List, and is currently the only Chinese patent
medicine that is labeled with antithrombin activity units in China (each capsule/tablet is equivalent to 14 units of antithrombin
activity). It has been included in many authoritative clinical guidelines, such as the Clinical Evidence-Based Practice Guidelines for
Integrated Traditional Chinese and Western Medicine Rehabilitation for Stroke, Guidelines for Integrated Traditional Chinese and
Western Medicine Prevention and Treatment of Stroke, Guideline for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Cerebral Infarction with the
Integrated Traditional Chinese and Western Medicine, the Clinical Practice Guideline for Chinese Medicine in the Treatment of
Idiopathic Membranous Nephropathy, and the Expert Consensus on the Use of Maixuekang Capsule (Enteric-coated Tablet) for
Patients with Cardiovascular and Cerebrovascular diseases in Clinical Practice.

Rui Zhu® (polyvinyl alcohol eye drop):
It is a single-piece preservative-free artificial tear and currently the first-line drug for the treatment of dry eye. It is recommended by
experts such as the Expert Consensus on Prevention and Control of Cataract Surgery in China (2021 Edition) (《中國白內障圍手術
期乾眼防治專家共識（2021年版）》), the Expert Consensus on Sterily Surgery in China (2020 Edition) (《中國乾眼專家共識（2020
年版）》), the Expert Consensus on Refractive Surgery in Laser Corneal Surgery in China (2019 Edition) (《中國激光角膜屈光手術
圍手術期用藥專家共識(2019年版）》), and the Expert Consensus on Diagnosis and Treatment of Functional Disorder of Bleacne
in China (2017 Edition) (《我國瞼板腺功能障礙診斷與治療專家共識（2017年版）》). Rui Zhu has good brand recognition and
was awarded the China Well-known Trademark in 2017; and was awarded the CPEO Gold Award for nine consecutive years from
2016 to 2024, namely the “Healthy Industry Brand List”.
40      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

Nuo Tong (xylometazoline hydrochloride nasal spray/nasal drops):
It is a nasal decongestant to relieve nasal congestion, and is suitable for relieving nasal congestion caused by acute and chronic
rhinitis, sinusitis, allergic rhinitis, hypertrophic rhinitis and other nasal disorders. It does not contain hormones or ephedrine and is
suitable for both adults and children. Nuo Tong is divided into two dosage forms: nasal drops and nasal spray, of which the nasal
spray is the exclusive domestic dosage form and is the leading product among its generic counterparts. The product has been
included in clinical guidelines such as Chinese Expert Consensus on the Diagnosis and Treatment of Chronic Sinusitis in Children
(Hangzhou, 2024) (《兒童慢性鼻竇炎的診斷和治療中國專家共識（杭州，2024）》), Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment
of Allergic Rhinitis in China (Revised Edition 2022) (《中國變應性鼻炎診斷和治療指南（2022年，修訂版）》), Guidelines for the
Diagnosis and Treatment of Allergic Rhinitis in Children (Revised Edition 2022) (《兒童變應性鼻炎診斷和治療指南（2022年，修
訂版）》).

Dan Zhen Headache Capsules:
Formulated from classic prescriptions such as Si Wu Tang, Tian Ma Gou Teng Yin, and Tong Qiao Huo Xue Tang, these capsules
have the effects of calming the liver and subduing wind, dispersing blood stasis and unblocking meridians, and relieving spasms
and pain. They are indicated for the treatment of headaches, back pain, neck stiffness, irritability, and anger caused by liver yang
hyperactivity and blood stasis obstructing the meridians. This product has a clear clinical indication and is supported by robust
evidence-based research. Its therapeutic scope encompasses primary headaches, secondary headaches, and headache prevention,
offering broad clinical application prospects. It is a nationally exclusive product listed in the National Medical Insurance Directory
and the National Essential Medicines List, and has been included in clinical guidelines such as the Chinese Guidelines for the
Integrated Traditional and Western Medicine Prevention and Treatment of Migraine (2022 Edition) (《中國偏頭痛中西醫結合防
治指南（2022年版）》).

Valinic acid tartrate nasal spray (“OC-01”):
It is a highly selective acetylcholine receptor agonist that activates the trigeminal nerve parasympathetic pathway to increase
natural tear secretion, thereby achieving the therapeutic effect for dry eye syndrome. According to the results of the Phase III
clinical study of OC-01, compared with the control group, OC-01 demonstrated statistically and clinically significant improvements
in tear secretion in patients with dry eye syndrome. with a significant increase in natural tear secretion compared to baseline (a
higher proportion of participants showed an increase of 10 millimetres or more in Schirmer scores compared to baseline), and
demonstrated good safety and tolerability. The product was approved for marketing in the United States in October 2021 and is
currently the first and only preservative-free, multi-dose, sterile-packaged nasal spray approved for the treatment of mild, moderate,
and severe dry eye syndrome globally; In terms of registration in China, the product was approved for marketing in the Macau
Special Administrative Region of China in February 2023; In April 2023, it was introduced as an imported clinically urgent
medication in the Hainan Lecheng Medical Pilot Zone; in December 2023, the first prescription was issued in the Guangdong-Hong
Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area at the University of Hong Kong-Shenzhen Hospital; in November 2024, it was approved for
commercialization by the Chinese NMPA; and in the same month, it was approved for market launch in Taiwan, China; In July 2025,
the first commercial prescriptions were issued in mainland China following formal approval. Currently, the product is included in
authoritative clinical guidelines and consensus documents such as the Chinese Expert Consensus on the Clinical Diagnosis and
Treatment of Dry Eye (2024 Edition) (《中國乾眼臨床診療專家共識（2024版）》) and the 2023 Edition of the Clinical Practice
Guidelines for Dry Eye (2023版《乾眼臨床實踐指南》) published by the American Academy of Ophthalmology.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025       41


Management Discussion and Analysis

TP-03, a globally innovative ophthalmic formulation for the treatment of demodex blepharitis TP-03 (lotilaner ophthalmic solution
0.25%):
is a non-competitive antagonist selective for gamma-aminobutyric acid-gated chloride channels (“GABA-Cl”). By selectively
inhibiting GABA-Cl in Demodex mites, TP-03 paralyzes and kills the mites, which are the root cause of Demodex blepharitis. The
product is highly lipophilic, which promotes its absorption into the oils of eyelash follicles where mites reside. Currently the
product has completed two pivotal clinical studies in the United States, both trials met the primary endpoint and all secondary
endpoints, with statistical significance and no serious treatment-related adverse events. and was approved for commercialization
by the United States Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) in July 2023. It is the first and only drug approved by the FDA for
Demodex blepharitis. It was approved for marketing by the Macau Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Authority in May
2025 and approved for marketing by NMPA in March 2026.

Innovative R&D pipeline
The Group reserved four innovative drugs in the direction of clear clinical needs for anti-inflammatory and pain relief after
ophthalmology surgery, pterygium, myopia, demodex blepharitis and meibomian gland disease with demodex mites etc.:

GPN00833, an improved new drug hormone nano-suspension eye drops for anti-inflammatory and pain relief after ophthalmology
surgery:
Its main active ingredient, clobetasol propionate, is a potent glucocorticoid, and has efficient local anti-inflammatory and strong
capillary contraction effect. Its unique nano-preparation technique effectively eliminates the low bioavailability and safety risks
caused by low water solubility of hormones products. This product received marketing approval from the US FDA in March 2024.
Regarding its registration in China, the product completed its Phase III clinical study in November 2024 and successfully achieved
clinical endpoints. Compared to the control group, the product demonstrated statistically significant and clinically meaningful
differences in anti-inflammatory and analgesic effects. The product also demonstrated good safety and tolerability, and its
pharmacokinetic profile met expectations. Currently, the product is in the New Drug Application (NDA) preparation stage.

GPN00153, an improved new drug for the treatment of pterygium (CBT-001):
It is an innovative and improved product, Nintedanib, which is used for the treatment of pulmonary fibrosis. It inhibits
neovascularization and tissue fibrosis. Currently, the phase II clinical trial has been completed in the United States with high safety
and significant clinical efficacy, which can inhibit the growth of pterygium and control the aggravation of the disease. The global
phase III clinical trial for CBT-001 has conducted in June 2022 and it has been approved to conduct phase III clinical trial in China by
the NMPA in March 2023, and all patients were enrolled in June 2025.

Novel ophthalmic preparation GPN00884 for delaying the progression of myopia in children:
It is an innovative drug with a new mechanism jointly developed by the Group and the Eye Hospital of Wenzhou Medical University
(“WMU”). Compared with low-concentration atropine eye drops, GPN00884 eye drops have no mydriasis effect, no adverse
reactions such as photophobia and decreased accommodation, and the dosing period is not limited, which can improve patient
compliance. The product has been approved to conduct phase I clinical study in China in March 2024, which was accepted by the
NMPA, completed the Phase I clinical study in March 2025, and completed the enrollment of the first patient in Phase IIa clinical
trial conducted in China in October 2025.
42     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

In addition, the Group’s traditional Chinese medicine division has also developed Class 1 innovative TCM drugs for use in chronic
disease management:

An Innovative Traditional Chinese Medicine for the Treatment of Depression GPN01360:
This is a Class 1.1 innovative TCM for the treatment of depression (liver stagnation and spleen deficiency syndrome). Based on the
ancient classic formula “Xiaoyaosan（逍遙散）”, it was developed and optimized through modern pharmacological and clinical
research. The prescription consists of 12 TCM herbs, including Bupleurum, Turmeric Root Tuber, and Finger Citron, with the effects
of soothing the liver and strengthening the spleen, relieving depression, and calming the mind. This TCM is mainly used to treat
depression of the liver stagnation and spleen deficiency type, of which the typical symptoms include low mood, slow thinking,
decreased willpower, irritability, anxiety, insomnia, forgetfulness, poor appetite, and fatigue. Preliminary human clinical studies
involving nearly 100 people have shown that GPN01360 demonstrates favorable efficacy and safety in improving depressive
symptoms, relieving anxiety and insomnia, and regulating spleen and stomach function. In December 2025, this TCM reached its
clinical endpoint in Phase II clinical trials conducted in China. Research findings indicate that GPN01360 demonstrates good safety
and efficacy in the treatment of depression, and shows significant improvement in symptoms such as anxiety and insomnia
associated with depression. Currently, the registration process for further studies of this product is proceeding smoothly.

An Innovative Traditional Chinese Medicine for the Preventive Treatment of Migraines GPN01020:
This is a Class 1.1 innovative TCM drug intended for the prophylactic treatment of migraine (characterized by blood stasis
obstruction). Derived from an in-house formulation developed at a Grade A Level 3 medical institution, it has been in clinical use for
over 30 years. Its primary functions and indications include promoting blood circulation and removing blood stasis, as well as
regulating qi and tonifying deficiency. It is suitable for vascular-neurogenic headaches, traumatic headaches, hypertension, and
cerebral arteriosclerosis associated with qi deficiency and blood stasis. The product’s primary historical clinical applications have
included primary headaches (such as tension-type headaches and migraines) and secondary headaches (such as vascular
headaches and neurovascular headaches). Results from preliminary human experience studies involving hundreds of participants
indicate that GPN01020 demonstrates good efficacy and safety in reducing the number of migraine attack days and attack
frequency, as well as in improving migraine-related symptoms. Currently, the product has been approved by the NMPA to proceed
with Phase II clinical trials.

Cerebro-cardiovascular emergency segment
The Group’s cerebro-cardiovascular emergency segment specializes in both emergency care and chronic disease management. In
terms of emergency care, the Group is listed as a “national essential drug production base”, an “emergency medicines manufacturer
for national ready reserve” and a “national centralized production base and construction unit for minority-variety medicines (drugs
in short supply)”, etc. with over 30 varieties, 14 of which are included in the national emergency drugs catalogue of China, while 16
of which are included in the shortage drugs catalogue, which has ranked the top in the industry in terms of product pipeline. Our
products cover three major emergency scenarios, namely in-hospital emergency care, pre-hospital emergency care and civilian
emergency care. Through this, we continue to provide cerebro-cardiovascular emergency patients in China with a portfolio of safe
and effective products with application in multiple scenarios and various choices. In terms of chronic disease management, core
products such as Nengqilang, Limetone® eplerenone tablets, Herbesser（合貝爽®及合心爽®）continue to lead the segmented
market. Currently, the Group will continue to invest in and develop products in the fields of cerebro-cardiovascular emergency and
chronic disease treatment that are in urgent clinical need through a combination of independent innovation and research and
development and making breakthroughs in difficult generic technologies.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025      43


Management Discussion and Analysis

Cerebro-cardiovascular emergency products
The products mainly cover the fields of blood pressure control, vascular active drugs, myocardial metabolism, heart failure and
anticoagulation. The main products include Li Shu An (norepinephrine bitartrate injection, epinephrine hydrochloride injection),
Herbesser (Diltiazem Hydrochloride Tablets/Diltiazem Hydrochloride Sustained-Release Capsules, Diltiazem Hydrochloride
Injection), Nengqilang (coenzyme Q10 tablets), Nuo Fu Kang (methoxamine hydrochloride injection), eplerenone tablets, etc.

Herbesser（合貝爽®及合心爽®）, diltiazem hydrochloride tablets/diltiazem hydrochloride extended-release capsule, diltiazem
hydrochloride injection):
As a classic calcium channel blocker with proven clinical efficacy and high safety, it is available in oral, sustained-release, and
injectable formulations, effectively meeting the clinical needs of patients with cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases such as
hypertension and coronary artery disease. It has been included in numerous authoritative clinical guidelines and domestic and
international expert consensus, including Clinical Management Guidelines for Antihypertensive Drugs in the Perinatal Period (2025
Edition) (《圍產期降血壓藥物臨床應用管理指引（2025版）》), Comprehensive Management Guidelines for Cardiomyopathy in
China (2025 Edition) (《中國心肌病變綜合管理指引（2025版）》), Comprehensive Management Guidelines for Chronic Kidney
Disease in the Elderly (2025 Edition) (《老年慢性腎臟病綜合管理指引（2025版）》), Chinese Expert Consensus on the Diagnosis,
Treatment, and Management of Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy in Children (2025 Edition) (《中國兒童肥厚型心肌病變診斷治療
與管理專家共識（2025版）》), Expert Consensus on Intra-procedural Coronary Artery Thrombolysis During Percutaneous Coronary
Intervention for Acute ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction (2025 Edition) (《急性ST段上升型心肌梗塞經皮冠狀動脈介入治療術
中冠狀動脈內溶栓專家共識（2025版）》), British Renal Association Clinical Practice Guidelines: Blood Pressure Management in
Adult, Paediatric, and Adolescent Dialysis Patients (2025 Edition) (《英國腎臟病協會臨床實務指引：成人、兒童及青少年透析
病患的血壓管理（2025版）》), ACC/AHA/ACEP/NAEMSP/SCAI Guidelines for the Management of Patients with Acute Coronary
Syndrome (2025 Edition) (《ACC/AHA/ACEP/NAEMSP/SCAI急性冠狀動脈症候群病患管理指引（2025版）》).

Nengqilang® (Coenzyme Q10 Tablets):
It is used to improve myocardial metabolism and energy supply, promoting oxidative phosphorylation and protecting the
structural integrity of biological membranes. For patients with chronic heart failure, this drug can significantly improve symptoms
of shortness of breath and fatigue, effectively combining with conventional treatment to improve patient prognosis and quality of
life. Over the past 30 years since its launch, it has been included in numerous authoritative guidelines and domestic and
international expert consensus documents, including《the Expert Recommendations for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Fulminant
Myocarditis in Children (2025 Edition) (《兒童暴發性心肌炎診治專家建議（2025版）》),), Comprehensive Management Guidelines
for Cardiomyopathy in China (2025 Edition) (《中國心肌病變綜合管理指引（2025版）》), Expert Consensus on the Comprehensive
Prevention and Treatment of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder Following Traumatic Brain Injury (2025 Edition) (《顱腦衝擊傷後創傷
後 應 激 障 礙 綜 合 防 治 專 家 共 識（ 2025版）》), Chinese Expert Consensus on the Diagnosis, Treatment, and Management of
Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy in Children (2025 Edition) (《中國兒童肥厚型心肌病變診斷治療與管理專家共識（2025版）》),
Guidelines for the Management of Cyclic Vomiting Syndrome in Children (2025 Edition) (《兒童週期性嘔吐症候群治療指引（2025
版）》), Expert Consensus on the Diagnosis and Treatment of Severe Fever with Thrombocytopenia Syndrome (2025 Edition) (《重症
發燒伴血小板減少症候群診治專家共識（2025版）》), Chinese Guidelines for the Clinical Diagnosis and Treatment of Myocarditis
in Adults (2024) (《中國成人心肌炎臨床診斷與治療指引2024》), Chinese Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Chronic
Alcohol-Related Brain Damage (2024 Edition) (《慢性酒精相關性腦損傷的中國診療指引（2024版）》), Chinese Expert Consensus
on the Diagnosis and Treatment of Hereditary Ataxia (2024 Edition) (《中國遺傳性共濟失調診治專家共識（2024版）》), Chinese
Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Heart Failure (2024 Edition) (《中國心力衰竭診斷和治療指南（2024版）》), etc.
44     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

Nuo Fu Kang®, the methoxamine hydrochloride injection:
It is used for the treatment of low blood pressure during general anesthesia and to prevent the occurrence of abnormal heart rate,
to treat low blood pressure induced by the internal obstruction of the vertebral tube and to terminate arrays of ventricular
hyperactivity. The product is the first generic drug of the Group in China and has been commercialized for more than 30 years. It
has been recommended for use by guidelines and expert consensus, including Expert Consensus on the Practice of Enhanced
Recovery after Cesarean Section Anesthesia (2022) (《剖 宮 產 術 後 加 速 康 復 麻 醉 實 踐 專 家 共 識（ 2022版）》), the Expert
Consensus on Obstetric Anesthesia in China (2020 Edition) (《中國產科麻醉專家共識(2020版）》), and the Consensus on the
Clinical Management of Chinese Experts in the Peripheral Anesthesia Period of Non-cardiac Surgery in Patients with Cardiac Disease
(2020 Edition) (《心 臟 病 患 者 非 心 臟 手 術 圍 麻 醉 期 中 國 專 家 臨 床 管 理 共 識(2020版）》), the Guiding Opinions on the
Management of Peripheral Anesthesia in Chinese Geriatric Patients (2020 Edition) (《中國老年患者圍術期麻醉管理指導意見(2020
版）》), the Expert Consensus on Perioperative Use of α1 Adrenergic Receptor Agonists (2017 Edition) (《α1腎上腺素能受體激動
劑圍術期應用專家共識(2017版）》), Expert Consensus on Anesthesia Management for Interventional Treatment of Cranial and
Brain Diseases in China (2016 Edition)《中國顱腦疾病介入治療麻醉管理專家共識（ (2016版）》).

 Limetone® eplerenone tablets（力美通®依普利酮片）:
 It is a new MRA drug. It can block heart disease and vascular damage caused by excessive activation of mineralocorticoid receptor
 (“MR”) by binding to the MR. ESC Guidelines: Management of Cardiovascular Disease and Pregnancy (2025 Edition) (《ESC指南：心
 血 管 疾 病 和 妊 娠 的 管 理（2025版）》), ACC/AHA/ACEP/NAEMSP/SCAI Guidelines for the Management of Patients with Acute
 Coronary Syndrome (2025 Edition) (《ACC/AHA/ACEP/NAEMSP/SCAI急性冠狀動脈綜合症患者管理指引（2025版）》), TES Clinical
 Practice Guidelines: Primary Aldosteronism (2025 Edition) (《TES臨床實務指引：原發性醛固酮增多症（2025版）》), AHA/ACC/
 AANP/AAPA/ABC/ACCP/ACPM/AGS/AMA/ASPC/NMA/PCNA/SGIM Guidelines for the Prevention, Detection, Evaluation, and
 Management of Hypertension in Adults (2025 Edition),(《AHA/ACC/AANP/AAPA/ABC/ACCP/ACPM/AGS/AMA/ASPC/NMA/PCNA/
 SGIM成人高血壓預防、檢測、評估與管理指引（2025版）》), Expert Consensus on the Evaluation and Management of High-
 Volume Loads in Patients with Hypertension (2025 Edition) (《高血壓患者高容量負荷的評估與管理專家共識（2025版）》),
 Guidelines for Prevention and Treatment of Hypertension in China (2024 Edition) (《中 國 高 血 壓 防 治 指 南（ 2024版）》), the
 Guidelines for Diagnosis and Treatment of Heart Failure in China (2024 Edition) (《中國心力衰竭診斷和治療指南）                       （2024版）》,
 Chinese Expert Consensus on Blood Pressure Management of Refractory Hypertension (《難治性高血壓血壓管理中國專家共識》),
 the Multidisciplinary Expert Consensus for Clinical Application of Mineralocorticoid Receptor Antagonists in China (2022 Edition)
(《鹽皮質激素受體拮抗劑臨床應用多學科中國專家共識（2022版）》) and many other well-known clinical guidelines and
 expert consensus at home and abroad recommend the clinical use of MRA drugs in the treatment of cardiovascular diseases such
 as heart failure and hypertension. Compared with the first-generation MRA drug Spironolactone, Eplerenone has higher MR
 selectivity and lower affinity for androgen receptor and progesterone receptor, so it has fewer side effects and is a safe and
 effective new generation of MRA drug. This product was approved for commercialization by the NMPA in August 2023, bridging
 the gap of second-generation selective mineralocorticoid receptor antagonist drugs in China. In May 2024, the first prescription was
 completed, and the commercialization was officially realized in China. In November 2024, it was officially included in China’s
 National Basic Medical Insurance, Work-related Injury Insurance and Maternity Insurance Drug List (2024 Edition) (《國家基本醫療
 保險、工傷保險和生育保險藥品目錄（2024版）》).
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025       45


Management Discussion and Analysis

Adrenaline Nasal Spray Neffy®
It is available in two specifications: the 2mg strength was approved for commercialization in the United States and the European
Union in August 2024 and was approved for commercialization in China in December 2025; the 1mg specification was approved
for commercialization in the United States in March 2025. The 1mg and 2mg specifications were approved for commercialization in
Japan in September 2025. Neffy® is the first non-injectable treatment product approved by FDA for the treatment of type I allergic
reactions (including severe allergic reactions). It uses an innovative nasal spray delivery method, which is convenient to use,
compact and easy to carry, and can be administered by the patient or others in the event of an allergic reaction The product has a
shelf life of up to 30 months, which can significantly reduce waste caused by expired medicines, and alleviate the economic and
medication burden on patients. Its pivotal clinical study results show that subjects treated with Neffy® or approved adrenaline
injection products had comparable blood concentrations of adrenaline, and Neffy® has been shown to have a rapid onset of action
and provide short-term symptom relief in patients with allergic reactions. With its unique portability and user-friendly operation,
Neffy® is expected to quickly penetrate various out-of-hospital scenarios, including homes, schools, and travel, and fill the gap in
the availability of emergency medications for severe allergic reactions in out-of-hospital settings.

Runmodelin® Treprostinil Injection:
This is a rare disease drug for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. It is a synthetic analogue of endogenous
prostacyclin. By acting on specific prostaglandin receptors and antagonizing thromboxane A2, it promotes vascular smooth muscle
relaxation, reduces thrombosis, inhibits vascular wall cell proliferation, and thereby increases blood flow and reduces cardiac stress.
This product, when used in combination with existing treatments, can significantly improve patients’ long-term survival. Its use is
recommended by authoritative domestic and international guidelines, including the ESC Guidelines: Management of
Cardiovascular Disease and Pregnancy (2025 Edition) (《ESC指南：心血管疾病和妊娠的管理（2025版）》), the Expert Consensus
on Joint Management of Targeted Drug Therapy for Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension (2025 Edition) (《動脈性肺動脈高壓標靶藥
物治療醫學共管專家共識（2025版）》), the Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Acute Pulmonary Embolism (2025
Edition) (《急性肺栓塞診斷與治療指南（2025版）》), the Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Chronic Thromboembolic
Pulmonary Hypertension (2024 Edition) (《慢性血栓栓塞性肺動脈高壓診斷與治療指南（2024版）》), the ESC/ERS Guidelines for
the Diagnosis and Treatment of Pulmonary Hypertension (2022 Edition) (《 ESC/ERS肺動脈高壓診斷與治療指南（2022版）》), the
Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Pulmonary Hypertension (2021 Edition) in China (《中國肺動脈高壓診斷與治療指
南（ 2021版）》). Runmodelin® is one of only two treprostinil products currently approved for marketing in China. In January 2023, it
was officially included in China’s “National Basic Medical Insurance, Work-related Injury Insurance, and Maternity Insurance Drug List
(2022 Edition)”, significantly improving patient accessibility and reducing the treatment burden, benefiting a large number of
patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension.

Pharmaceutical Raw Materials Segment
The Group’s pharmaceutical raw materials segment has a rich product pipeline and significant advantages in terms of product
concentration. Our bulk APIs and specialty APIs are sold in parallel, with sales channels spread all over the world. As an important
link in the front-end of the integrated supply chain of raw materials and preparations, the Group now owns several modernized
production bases of pharmaceutical raw materials with complete equipment, superb technique, outstanding industrialization
capability and standardized quality control. The Group focuses on the R&D of API production in five major areas, namely cerebro-
cardiovascular, anti-infection, antipyretic analgesic, the digestive system and anti-tumor, and fully supports the production of
preparations and R&D work in the field of pharmaceutical technology, so as to ensure high quality standard and consistency of the
Company’s preparations at the source, and truly realize the integration of upstream and downstream industrial advantages.
46     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

mRNA platform
The Group has established a world-leading mRNA technology platform centered on Nanjing AuroRNA Biotech Co., Ltd. (“AuroRNA
Biotech”). As a clinical-stage mRNA drug development company focused on multi-target technology, AuroRNA Biotech’s product
pipeline concentrates on two major therapeutic areas: oncology and infectious diseases. One of its core pipeline candidates, ARC01
(a therapeutic mRNA vaccine for HPV16-positive solid tumors therapeutic mRNA vaccine), received an Investigational New Drug
(IND) designation in 2024 and has officially commenced clinical trials. To date, the project has successfully completed dose-
escalation across multiple dose groups, and several enrolled patients have demonstrated clinical partial response (PR), positioning it
to potentially become the world’s first therapeutic mRNA vaccine for cervical cancer. In 2025, AuroBio entered into a strategic
partnership with Hubei Jiangxia Laboratory to jointly advance the R&D of ARP02 (therapeutic vaccine for herpes simplex virus).
Currently, both parties are steadily conducting preclinical research collaboration and have simultaneously initiated an IIT clinical
study to accelerate the translation of project outcomes.

AuroRNA Biotech has established a mature and comprehensive suite of core technologies and formulation capabilities covering the
entire mRNA production process, developing a high-yield (＞10 g/L), high-quality (dsRNA ＜0.05%), and low-cost IVT process.
Through process optimization, the company has resolved the issue of heterogeneity in multi-antigen LNPs, achieving a narrow
particle size distribution. Additionally, AuroRNA Biotech has established multiple quantitative testing platforms, including digital
PCR, qPCR, and HPLC, and has developed a comprehensive quality assessment system and set of standards.

Biotechnology
The Group pursues the concept of green, low-carbon and sustainable development and promotes high-quality development of the
segment with the world’s leading innovative technology in synthetic biotechnology. The amino acid products and biopesticides
are the core business in the field of biotechnology, and it is positioned as a global premium service provider of high-quality amino
acids and high-end biopesticides. The Group’s development in the biological field focuses on technological innovation and the
construction of high-quality systems. We are comprehensively advancing the international registration process by establishing
technical and quality barriers, thereby strengthening the Group’s overall competitiveness in the international market. Currently, the
Group has more than 90 R&D personnel in the biotechnology field, with professional backgrounds in cross-disciplinary disciplines
such as microbiology, applied chemistry, biochemistry, pharmacology and food science, hold over 300 invention patents and has
led and participated in the formulation of more than 70 national, industrial and group standards, with approximately 50 standards
published. We have a complete domestic and international quality system certification, and have won many honors such as
National Green Factory（國家級綠色工廠）, the National Manufacturing Individual Champion Demonstration Enterprise（國家製
造業單項冠軍示範企業）, National-level “Little Giant” Enterprises（國家級專精特新「小巨人」企業）, the National Intellectual
Property Demonstration Enterprise（國 家 知 識 產 權 示 範 企 業）, the China Light Industry Green Manufacturing Engineering
Technology Research Centers for Sulfur-containing Amino Acids（中國輕工業含硫氨基酸綠色製造工程技術研究中心）.

Amino acids segment
The Group has been cultivating in the field of amino acids for more than 20 years and has always adhered to the spirit of
technological innovation, taking synthetic biology as the core, it pioneered a world’s leading innovative technology in China based
on biotechnology method to produce various amino acids by biological method, which filled the gap in the industry. The Group
has undertaken the project for national industrial strong foundation engineering and the industrial foundation transformation
project of the PRC, and is the first company in China to be approved for the “Same production line, same standard, same quality”
three-in-one certification for amino acids, to ensure the safety and stability of the supply chain and industrial chain of high-quality
amino acids in China.

The Group has always adhered to the core business philosophy of “new technology, high quality, industrial chain, and
internationalization” and has continued to strengthen the expansion of the amino acid industry. Based on pharmaceutical-grade
amino acids and by leveraging our industrial advantages, the Group continues to expand into diversified amino acids.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025       47


Management Discussion and Analysis

New technology:
Focusing closely on the field of synthetic biology and after years of scientific research, at present, we have built eight technology
platforms, including synthetic biology, enzyme engineering, fermentation engineering, process optimization, quality research and
application transformation, while taking initiatives in construction of cell factory, fine control of fermentation processes, and
research of the full technology chain of separation and purification. Through the innovation and integration of several technology
areas, we have had an integrated synergistic system with new product development, new technology engineering, industrialization
and application solutions, which provides strong support for continuous innovation and industrial implementation, and some of
the technologies have filled the domestic gaps in China. Currently, the Group has established long-term deep cooperation
relationship with a number of scientific research institutions such as Wuhan University, Huazhong University of Science and
Technology, Tianjin University of Science and Technology and Huazhong Agricultural University, under which, a new amino acid
fermentation technology and an enzyme expression system were developed. Meanwhile, the technological development of cell
culture media-level amino acid has been further deepened, providing raw material guarantee for the research of self-produced cell
culture medium. We have applied the technologies of molecular biology and proteomics to modify the structure of biological
enzymes, thus effectively improving the activity of biological enzymes and the yield and quality of the products. Among them, the
fermentation process with strain construction optimization as the core and the enzyme conversion process with immobilized
enzymes as the core can not only replaces the traditional chemical synthesis process, improving process safety and production
convenience, but also significantly reduces carbon dioxide emissions during the production process, which fully demonstrates the
development concept of energy saving, emission reduction and green environment protection of emission peak and carbon
neutrality, generating great economic and environmental benefits. The industrial technology highway built by the Group in the
amino acid segment is beginning to take shape, which has laid a solid foundation for Original technological innovation and
product industrialization.

The Group attaches great importance to the construction of R&D team and the close integration of production and research. At
present, the amino acid segment has a core technical team led by talents from the 100 Talents Plan of Hubei Province（湖北省百
人計劃）. The innovative model of combining production, academia, research and application in this segment, as well as the
echelon of technical innovation talents with clear division of labor and complementary strengths, has yielded fruitful results with
the number of granted invention patents ranking at the leading level in the same industry.

High quality:
The Group’s amino acid products have a complete quality certification system at home and abroad. Many core products have
passed the drug/food system certification and registration in Europe, the United States, Japan, Southeast Asia, China and other
countries and regions, including European Union GMP certification, EU REACH registration, Export to European Union WC
certification, the US FDA certification, KFDA Registration in Korea, the ISO quality management system certification, the FSSC22000
food system certification, FAMI-QS feed certification, IP non-GMO certification, the HALAL certification, the KOSHER certification, etc,
not only ensuring the compliance of overseas operations of core products, but also laying the foundation for the subsequent
expansion of new market applications of products. Meanwhile, the Group has also made efforts to increase registration in new
economies such as South America, paving the way for the globalization of the Group’s core products. Our comprehensive system
certification and registration have demonstrated the Group’s strong competitiveness for business expansion in overseas markets.
48     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

Industry chain:
The Group has nearly 50 types of various amino acids and their derivatives. It has 26 registered amino acid APIs and is the
pharmaceutical company with the largest number of registered amino acid APIs in China. At the same time, the Group has also
added a number of food-grade and feed-grade amino acid products, opening up growth space through differentiated paths and
demonstrating the dual-wheel drive effectiveness of market breakthroughs and product innovation. The rich amino acid product
cluster can better meet the customized needs of the downstream market, provide one-stop services of multiple varieties and
specifications, and enhance customer adhesion in high-end application scenarios. In addition to raw material products, the Group
is also actively expanding its pharmaceutical products. Two of the self-developed functional dietary supplements, have obtained
the U.S. FDA approval and have been commercialized in the United States. The Group already has over 10 independently
developed functional foods approved for commercialization in China.

Internationalization:
The sales network of the Group’s amino acid segment covers more than 140 countries and regions worldwide, including
mainstream markets in Europe, the United States, Japan, Southeast Asia and China, with overseas business accounting for about
40% of the total. Among which, some of our amino acid varieties ranking among the top three in terms of market share. Relying on
technological breakthroughs and cost advantages, the core products have long served domestic and international high-quality
customers including Fortune 500 companies, and established long-term and stable cooperative relationships with customers in the
upstream and downstream of the industrial chain as well as a high brand awareness and market reputation worldwide, which has
laid a solid customer base for the continuous and rapid growth of the segment’s performance.

In the future, the Group will continue to rely on its world-leading new bio-method manufacturing technology in the field of high-
quality amino acids, solid industrial base and industrial accumulation, rich amino acid product clusters, high-standard quality
certification systems, strong international registration and commercialization capabilities, with a focus on high-end parenteral
nutrition preparations, innovative peptide drugs, cell culture base and other pharmaceutical-related high value-added fields, as well
as functional dietary supplements such as sports protection, special medical and infant food, beauty and pet food and other large
health consumer areas. The extensive market space and huge development potential of the downstream segment will provide the
Group’s amino acid segment with strong and sustainable development momentum.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025      49


Management Discussion and Analysis

FINANCIAL REVIEW
Revenue and profit
For the twelve months ended 31 December 2025, the business of the Group grew steadily and recorded a revenue of
approximately HK$12,283.27 million (same period last year: HK$11,644.89 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 5.5%.
Excluding the impact of centralized procurement, revenue in RMB terms1 increased by 14.8% year-on-year. Revenue from
innovative and barrier products2 accounted for approximately 50% of total revenue (compared to 40% in the last year),
representing an increase of nearly 10 percentage points. During the current period under review, the profit for the period
attributable to the owners of the Company was approximately HK$1,240.87 million (same period last year: HK$2,468.38 million).
During the period, the Group’s aggregate fair value changes and disposal of investment in Telix amounted to a total loss of
HK$253.38 million (revenue for same period last year: HK$707.72 million), a year-on-year decrease of HK$961.10 million compared
to the same period last year. If the impact of the Telix investment on profits is excluded, the normalized profit for the period
attributable to the owners of the Company2 was approximately HK$1,494.26 million (same period last year: HK$1,760.65 million),
which was mainly due to the price reduction in centralized procurement and the decrease of over HK$600.00 million in gross profit
of the relevant products as compared to the same period last year. To mitigate the impact of centralized procurement price
reductions, the Group stepped up its promotion of core innovative products and proactively increased strategic marketing
investments. Marketing and promotion-related expenses for the year rose by over HK$500 million year-on-year, fully supporting the
academic promotion and commercialization of its core innovative products, while continuing to build a professional, academic-
driven high-end marketing system. The phased impact of centralized procurement price reductions on the Group has now been
fully absorbed, and both annual revenue and gross profit increased compared with the previous year. Benefiting from the
continuous improvement and rapid deployment of the Group’s product pipeline in recent years, the aforementioned adverse
effects have been completely digested. While the related strategic investments have had a temporary impact on the profit
attributable to owners of the Company during the period, they have effectively reinforced the market foundation of core barrier
products and accelerated the product commercialization process. These investments are expected to lay a solid foundation and
provide strong momentum for the sustained growth of the Group’s medium – to long-term operating performance.

During the period, the Group recorded a revenue of HK$1,282.08 million from the nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and
treatment and cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment technology products, representing an
increase of 57.1%, as compared with the same period of 2024 (approximately HK$816.21 million). In particular, we recorded a
revenue of HK$948.87 million from the nuclear medicine anti-tumor sector, representing an increase of 61.0%, as compared with
the same period of 2024 (approximately HK$589.46 million). The increase was primarily attributable to revenue growth driven by
the rapid rise in clinical demand for core products and the swift ramp-up of new products, while the cerebro-cardiovascular
precision interventional diagnosis and treatment segment recorded revenue of approximately HK$333.21 million.

During the period, the Group recorded a revenue of approximately HK$7,294.29 million, from pharmaceutical technology products,
almost remaining the same as compared with the same period of 2024 (approximately HK$7,317.84 million). In particular, we
recorded a revenue of approximately HK$1,830.48 million from the respiratory and critical and severe disease segment,
representing an increase of 7.1% as compared with the same period of 2024 (approximately HK$1,709.26 million), mainly due to the
continued growth in clinical demand for core products, the volume growth of the innovative products Enerzair® Breezhaler® and
Atectura® Breezhaler®, as well as the rapid volume ramp-up of the new products budesonide nasal spray and fluticasone
propionate nasal spray following their launch; a revenue of approximately HK$2,979.36 million from the ENT segment, representing
an increase of 10.2% as compared with the same period of 2024 (approximately HK$2,704.30 million), mainly due to the sustained
growth in clinical demand for core products and the revenue contribution from new products; and a revenue of approximately
HK$1,820.14 million from the cerebro– cardiovascular emergency sector, representing a decrease of 16.4%, as compared with the
same period of 2024 (approximately HK$2,176.24 million), mainly due to the fact that some products have been affected by the
centralized procurement. Excluding the impact of the price reduction in centralized procurement, the cardiovascular emergency
treatment sector recorded a year-on-year increase of 48.3%.
50        Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

During the period, the Group recorded a revenue of approximately HK$3,706.91 million from biotechnology products, representing
an increase of 5.6%, as compared with the same period of 2024 (approximately HK$3,510.84 million). In particular, we recorded a
revenue of approximately HK$2,767.36 million from the amino acid segment (including taurine), remaining almost the same as
compared with the same period of 2024 (approximately HK$2,762.28 million).

Notes:

1        Products subject to price reductions under the centralized procurement program are defined as those included in the 10th batch of the National
         Centralized Procurement Program, as well as those covered by the Alliance for the Centralized Procurement of Medicines Prone to Shortages and
         Critical Emergency Medicines.

2        Innovative and barrier products refer to the Company’s original research products, products with exclusive market position, products with exclusive
         commercialization rights, and first-to-market generic products that break foreign monopolies.

3        Normalized profit attributable to owners of the Group for the period excludes the impact of fair value changes and disposal gains on the Telix
         investment. In 2020, the Group invested approximately AUD35.40 million in Telix, subscribing for approximately 20.95 million Telix shares at AUD1.69
         per share. In August 2022, the Group sold 10 million Telix shares at AUD7.25 per share, receiving cash proceeds of AUD72.5 million. In addition to fully
         recovering its investment, the Group received an additional AUD37.5 million (equivalent to approximately HK$200 million) in cash. In February 2025,
         the Group sold approximately 4.95 million Telix shares at AUD28.90 per share, receiving cash proceeds of approximately AUD142.59 million
         (equivalent to approximately HK$689 million). As of 31 December 2025, the Telix share price was AUD 11.20 per share, and the Group still held 6
         million Telix shares, with a shareholding value of approximately AUD67.20 million (equivalent to approximately HK$350 million).


Distribution costs and administrative expenses
For the twelve months ended 31 December 2025, the Group’s distribution costs and administrative expenses were approximately
HK$3,806.89 million and HK$1,389.09 million respectively as compared to approximately HK$3,256.89 million and HK$1,365.37
million. The distribution costs during the current period increased by approximately HK$550.00 million, which was mainly due to
the increased marketing efforts for new products during the year. The administrative expenses also increased by approximately
HK$23.72 million as compared to the corresponding period of last year mainly due to the consolidation of new subsidiaries and an
increase in business during the period.

Finance costs
For the twelve months ended 31 December 2025, the Group’s finance costs were approximately HK$162.34 million as compared to
approximately HK$180.24 million for the corresponding period in 2024. The decrease in finance costs was due to a decrease in the
overall interest rate as a result of loan replacement.

R&D and project investment
For the twelve months ended 31 December 2025, the Group continuously invested resources in the stages of research project and
introduction of innovative projects. If including the R&D expenses and also the capitalized R&D expenses, prepayments for new
projects and other investments, the Group’s investment in R&D and various projects is approximately HK$1,460 million.

Receivables and payables
As of 31 December 2025, trade and other receivables of the Group amounted to approximately HK$4,679.49 million, representing
an increase of HK$1,224.90 million as compared to the balance in 2024,，This is mainly a result of the increase in business during
the current period. Therefore, the current balance of trade receivables and notes receivable is HK$894.69 million compared to the
balance at the end of last year.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025       51


Management Discussion and Analysis

As of 31 December 2025, the Group’s trade and other payables amounted to approximately HK$3,936.68million, representing an
increase of HK$1,008.60 million as compared to the balance in 2024., mainly due to the increase in trade and bills payables of
approximately HK$601.07 million as a result of the increase in business during the period. Furthermore, in order to cope with the
expansion of business scope, we accrued additional selling and operating expenses such as salaries, marketing and promotion
expenses and R&D expenses amounted to approximately HK$378.05 million.

Significant investments
The Group’s investments with value over 5% of value of its total assets are considered as significant investments. As of 31
December 2025, our significant investments include (i) Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Limited (“Grand Pharma Sphere”) and (ii)
Shanghai Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Company Limited (“Xudong Haipu”).

Grand Pharma Sphere is the holding company of a group of companies principally engaged in the research and development,
manufacturing and sales of nuclear medicine and tumor intervention products. The Group effectively owned approximately 57.98%
equity interests of it. For the twelve months ended 31 December 2025, the Group’s share of profit in Grand Pharma Sphere was
approximately HK$37.19 million (for the twelve months ended 31 December 2024: profit attributable to the Company
approximately HK$16.63 million).

Xudong Haipu and its subsidiaries is a group of companies principally engaged in the manufacturing and sales of pharmaceutical
injections of various volumes. The Group effectively owned 55% equity interests of it. For the twelve months ended 31 December
2025, the Group’s share of profit in Xudong Haipu was approximately HK$66.10 million (for the twelve months ended 31 December
2024: HK$123.77 million).

The quote fair value of significant investments in associates is not available, since the significant associates are private entities and
do not have quoted market prices. The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in the consolidated financial
statements of the Group using the equity method of accounting.

The Group may consider to make investments in these associates due to different criteria, mainly including:

1.    Looking for opportunities to enter into new markets and expand product pools. For instance, the investment in Grand
      Pharma Sphere offered an opportunity for the Group to venture into the field of nuclear drug anti-tumor, and investment in
      other associates may help the Group get into other markets like grasp advanced technology and step into the global market
      of cardiovascular interventional medical devices;

2.    Looking for synergy effect to the Group’s existing products and markets. For example, Xudong Haipu’s core product line may
      create synergy with the Group’s preparation products, and enrich the Group’s core product pool in the areas of emergency
      medications and cerebro-cardiovascular and respiratory products. It can also strengthen the Group’s product quality, market
      share and brand in those areas; and

3.    Seeking opportunities to cooperate with companies in early R&D stage and obtain the commercial rights for products with
      strong potentials.

For further details of the product research and development and business prospects of these associates, please refer to the section
with heading “Business Review and Prospects” above.
52     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

Research and development
The Group has sufficient innovation pipeline. During the Period, there were accumulatively 131 projects under research and 39
innovation projects, which were in different stages from preclinical to new drug commercialization applications. The pipeline layout
was reasonable, forming a good echelon effect.

R&D center
Currently, the Group is involved in and has established a number of R&D technology platforms and R&D centers around the world:

In the field of pharmaceutical technology, the International R&D Center in Optics Valley（光谷國際研發中心）in Wuhan, China is
the main R&D body of the Group in the pharmaceutical technology field in China, providing technical support for the R&D of the
Group’s high-end preparation products; the Glycomics technology platform is located at the R&D center in Australia, focusing on
the development of antiviral drugs; the mRNA technology platform is located in Nanjing, China, focusing on the development of
anti-tumor and anti-infective mRNA drugs, and will further expand into the fields of rare disease and protein replacement therapy
in the future.

In the segment of nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment, the tumor intervention technology platform and the RDC
technology platform involve the Boston R&D Center in the United States and the Chengdu Radiopharmaceutical Research and
Development Center in China, respectively.

Regarding the cardiovascular and cerebrovascular precision interventional diagnostics and treatment segment, the Group’s high-
end medical device R&D technology platform consists of the Equipment R&D and Production Base in Optics Valley, Wuhan, the
Production Base in Changzhou, and the Shanghai Device R&D Center.

R&D team
As a technology-based innovative pharmaceutical enterprise, the Group has long been committed to building a high-end
innovative R&D talent system to promote the global development of innovative projects. During the year, the Group, together with
its associates, has a total of more than 510 R&D personnel, of which nearly 390 are master’s degree and doctoral degree holders,
accounting for approximately 75%. All professional leaders and core team members of each segment have academic backgrounds
in clinical medicine or pharmacy, while some of whom also have overseas education or working experience.

Development of generic drugs
During the period under review, the Company obtained drug registration certificates from the NMPA for its products of compound
tropicamide eye drops, phenylephrine hydrochloride injection, minoxidil topical solution, neostigmine methylsulfate injection,
flumazenil injection, epinephrine hydrochloride injection, praproprofen eye drops, dexrazoxane for injection, pasireotide diaspartate
injection, finasteride tablets, fluticasone propionate nasal spray and ethanolamine tablets.

Consistency Evaluation
During the period under review, tropicamide compound eye drops, phenylephrine hydrochloride injection, minoxidil topical
solution, neostigmine methylsulfate injection, flumazenil injection, isoproterenol hydrochloride injection, praproprofen eye drops,
dexrazoxane for injection, sodium ibandronate injection, pasireotide diaspartate injection, isoproterenol hydrochloride injection,
praproprofen eye drops, dexrazoxane for injection, sodium ibandronate injection, pasireotide diaspartate injection, finasteride
tablets, fluticasone propionate nasal spray, eltrombopag ethanolamine tablets, aminophylline injection, phentolamine mesylate
injection, metoprolol tartrate injection. New applications were made for compound polyethylene glycol (3350) electrolyte oral
solution, acetylcysteine injection, metronidazole gel, fudosteine tablets, terbutaline sulfate inhalation solution, dexrazoxane for
injection, linaclotide tablets, oseltamivir phosphate capsules、baloxavir marboxil tablets, rebredine hydrochloride oral solution,
ivinabasin injection, iodine carbon injection, iodoxamine granules. Currently, the Group has a total of 64 products approved or
deemed to have passed the consistency evaluation, with another 21 products under review.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025      53


Management Discussion and Analysis

Intellectual Property Protection
During the period under review, the Group had an addition of 124 patent applications. There were 87 new patents being granted,
of which 46 were invention patents, accounting for 53%, and 5 new foreign patents being granted. The Group has accumulated
1,017 valid patents, of which 585 are valid invention patents. The Group attaches great importance to the protection of intellectual
property rights in independent innovation projects, with 262 patents in the field of innovation. It has filed 64 new patent
applications in innovative fields such as anti-infection, oncology, medical devices, and mRNA technology platforms, accounting for
52% of the Group’s total new applications. Among them, core patents in the anti-infection field have been authorized in China, the
United States, Europe, Japan, South Korea, Israel, Singapore, Australia, and other regions.

Commercialization Capability
The Group’s performance continued to improve, and the continuous commercialization of innovative products and profit
contribution cannot be separated from the continuous improvement of commercialization capabilities. As at the date of this report,
the Group had over 5,000 sales personnel, of which more than 4,000 were in the pharmaceutical area (including OTC), covering
more than 60,000 hospitals and primary medical and healthcare institutions in China, of which more than 13,000 were ranked
hospitals. In the OTC area, we had over 1,000 sales personnel with a reach of more than 460,000 pharmacies in China. The cerebro-
cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment segment had a sales team comprising over 160 staff, covering
approximately 1,700 hospitals. The nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment segment has over 780 sales personnel
worldwide, with its global sales network covering more than 50 countries and regions. It has also actively conducted the hospital
admission and academic promotion of YiGanTai® Yttrium-90 microsphere injections in China.

International Standard
The Group continues to accelerate the pace of globalization and has a number of independently operating overseas companies in
the fields of nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment, cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and
treatment, and critical and severe diseases, etc. The Group has advanced overseas clinical trials of a number of global innovative
products and obtained 8 clinical approvals in five countries, including the United States, Australia, Belgium, Poland and the United
Kingdom, involving a number of indications such as primary liver cancer, solid tumor and sepsis. Currently, the Group has over 330
employees overseas.

Material Investment, M&A and Cooperation
The Group continued to implement the development strategy of “self-development + global expansion”, further exploring high–
quality innovative projects around the world to expand the Group’s product pipeline and enhance the Group’s comprehensive
strengths and putting vigorous efforts in transformation towards innovation and internationalization. During the reporting period,
the Group has carried out the following material investment, M&A and cooperation:

•     Acquisition of the Remaining Equity Interest in Nanjing Kainite（南京凱尼特）
      In March 2025, Grand Pharmaceuticals (China) Co., Ltd. (“Grand Pharmaceuticals (China)”)（遠大醫藥（中國）有限公司）,
      a subsidiary of the Group, acquired the 30.64% equity interest in Nanjing Kainite held by Nanjing Chuangyi Dongyin Equity
      Investment Partnership（南 京 創 熠 東 銀 股 權 投 資 合 夥 企 業）(“Nanjing Fund”) and Shanghai Hongsheng Enterprise
      Management Partnership（上海洪升企業管理合夥企業）(“Shanghai Hongsheng”) for RMB109.3848 million. The equity
      change registration has now been completed, and the Group now holds a 59.91% stake in Nanjing Kainite, making it a non-
      wholly owned subsidiary of the Group. Nanjing Kainite is a key component in the Group’s development of an integrated
      platform for independent R&D, production, and sales of high-end medical devices. It undertakes the Group’s core tasks,
      including innovative R&D, product iteration, localized production, and market promotion of its passive device products. This
      acquisition will help realize the Group’s strategic plan for “heart and brain co-treatment” in its cardiovascular precision
      interventional diagnostic and treatment segment, while also providing new momentum for the segment’s performance
      growth.
54    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

•    Acquisition of Equity Interest in Grand Beilin (Qinghai)
     In March 2025, Grand Beilin (Xi’an) Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Xi’an Beilin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.) (“Grand
     Beilin (Xi’an)”, a subsidiary of the Group, signed an equity acquisition agreement with the original shareholders of Grand
     Beilin (Qinghai) Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Qinghai Yixin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., “Grand Beilin
     (Qinghai)”). Pursuant to the agreement, upon satisfaction of certain conditions, Grand Beilin (Xi’an) will acquire 80% of the
     equity interest in Grand Beilin (Qinghai) for a total consideration of RMB392 million. This acquisition will also grant rights to a
     number of exclusive Chinese patent medicines, including Dan Zhen Headache Capsules and Li Shu Kang Capsules. The
     equity change registration has been completed, and Grand Beilin (Qinghai) has become a non-wholly owned subsidiary of
     the Group. Through this acquisition, the Group will fully integrate Grand Beilin (Qinghai). The two companies’ products
     possess strong synergies, enabling a powerful combination of resources, enriching the Group’s product pipeline, further
     consolidating and enhancing the Group’s overall market competitiveness in the field of traditional Chinese medicine for
     chronic disease treatments, and driving the continued growth of the Group’s ENT segment.

•    Introduction of the World’s First Adrenaline Nasal Spray
     In December 2025, the Group entered into a product cooperation agreement with Pediatrix Therapeutics Technology
     (Shanghai) Co. Ltd.（祐兒醫藥科技（上海）有限公司, “Pediatrix Therapeutics”). The Group will acquire the exclusive
     commercialization rights in Mainland China through cooperative channels and the nonexclusive commercialization rights in
     Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for Neffy®, the world’s first adrenaline nasal spray for emergency treatment of type
     I allergic reactions (including severe allergic reactions) in adults and children weighing over 30kg (2mg specification) and
     children weighing 15-30kg (1mg specification). Neffy®, is the first noninjectable treatment product approved by the FDA for
     type I hypersensitivity reactions in 35 years. It is expected to improve the accessibility of adrenaline treatment products for
     patients with severe allergic reactions in China, and fill the gap in the use of emergency drugs for severe allergic reactions
     outside of hospitals. The Group will fully leverage its extensive departmental resources and established distribution network
     in the field of emergency care to accelerate its academic promotion and market education, facilitating products’ rapid sales
     growth. With its unique portability and user-friendly operation, Neffy® is expected to quickly penetrate various out-of-hospital
     scenarios, including homes, schools, and travel, becoming a new growth engine for the Group’s cerebro-cardiovascular
     emergency segment.

•    Acquisition of the Entire Equity Interests in Yuanda Jiufu and Baoding Jiahe
     In December 2025, the subsidiary of the Group, Grand Pharm (China) Company Limited (“Hubei Yuanda”) entered into a
     share purchase agreement with the former shareholders of Hebei Yuanda Jiufu Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (“Yuanda Jiufu”) and
     Baoding Jiahe Fine Chemical Co., Ltd. (“Baoding Jiahe”). Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, once the conditions are
     met, Hubei Yuanda will acquire the entire equity interests in Yuanda Jiufu and Baoding Jiahe for a total consideration of
     RMB316 million. The Transaction represents a significant strategic initiative by the Group to implement its core operational
     philosophy of ‘New Technologies, High Quality, Industrial Chain Integration, and Internationalization’, establishing multiple
     core advantages through industrial chain synergy. Upstream, the Target Companies’mature technologies in fermentation
     engineering and enzyme engineering will integrate deeply with the Group’s eight synthetic biology technology platforms,
     further solidifying technological barriers. Its stable supply of multiple core amino acid raw materials will directly secure
     upstream provision for the Group’s high-quality amino acid products, optimizing supply chain cost structures while
     enhancing industrial chain security and stability. Midstream, the Target Companies’ specialized amino acid product pipeline–
     including food-grade glycine, citrulline, and serine – will enrich the Group’s biotechnology product matrix, strengthen its
     high-quality amino acid portfolio, and support the Group’s strategy of diversifying amino acid extensions. Downstream, the
     Target Companies’ established client resources in human nutrition, personal care, and daily chemical sectors will
     complement the Group’s global biotechnology sales network. By integrating channel resources, this will accelerate market
     penetration for the Group’s health-focused end products, achieving synergistic industrial chain development. The Transaction
     will comprehensively strengthen the Group’s integrated industrial chain layout in the biotechnology sector, enhance core
     competitiveness and global market influence, and lay a solid foundation for implementing the Company’s diversification
     strategy in biotechnology.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025      55


Management Discussion and Analysis

INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Group has been committing to improving its corporate governance to ensure the long-term development. During the year,
the Group published annual reports, annual results announcements, and other announcements and circulars on the websites of
the Company and the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited, and issued voluntary announcements, so as to disclose the
latest business developments of the Group to shareholders and investors.

At the same time, the Group actively maintains close communication with investors through various channels, including securities
company roadshows, large-scale telephone conferences, one-on-one meetings and other diversified communication methods, to
introduce the Group’s business situation, development progress and overseas member companies’ businesses to investors, and
simultaneously releases the latest business updates through different media channels, aiming to build an open, two-way,
transparent and sincere communication platform, so that investors can keep abreast of the Group’s business progress and
development prospects. During the year, the Group actively communicated with the capital market and investors through
promotional activities such as results announcements and investor open days, and participated in a number of summits, forums,
strategy conferences and special roadshows held by large investment banks and securities companies, attracting hundreds of
institutional investors and analysts. Through communication with investors, the Group hopes to listen to more valuable opinions
and extensively collect feedback from investors by establishing an active and efficient information and communication mechanism,
so as to further enhance its corporate governance.

The Group’s investor relations management efforts have helped establish a high-quality corporate image and communicate its core
strategy of technological innovation, earning widespread recognition within the industry across multiple dimensions. In November
2025, the company was honored on E-Pharma Manager’s “2025 Top 20 Chinese Pharmaceutical Listed Companies in ESG
Competitiveness” list; in December 2025, it received the “Best Stock Connect Company Award” at the 10th Zhitong Finance Listed
Company Awards and the “Best Investor Relations Award for Hong Kong and U.S. Stocks” on the 2025 Tonghuashun Annual Listed
Company Rankings; In January 2026, the Group was honored on the 12th “Top 100 Hong Kong Stocks” Annual Pharmaceutical and
Healthcare Innovation Pioneer List, as well as the 2nd JuDongmi “Top 100 IRM Companies (Top 20)” and the 2nd JuDongmi “Top
100 ESG Companies (Top 20)”; in January 2025, the Investor Relations team was awarded the “Best Investor Relations Team Award”
by Huasheng Tong. In addition, the Group was included as a constituent stock of the “HKEX Tech 100 Index” in December 2025.

OTHER SIGNIFICANT MATTERS
Share Option Scheme
As at 31 December 2025, the Company did not adopt any share option scheme and no outstanding share options.

As at 31 December 2025, no share options were granted or exercised under any share option scheme, and there were no
outstanding share options.

Financial Resources and Liquidity
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had current assets of HK$8,307.53 million (31 December 2024: HK$8,025.52 million) and current
liabilities of HK$7,316.71 million (31 December 2024: HK$6,573.22 million). The current ratio was 1.14 at 31 December 2025 as
compared with 1.22 at 31 December 2024. The Group’s cash and bank balances as at 31 December 2025 amounted to HK$1,142.37
million (31 December 2024: HK$1,340.98 million), of which approximately 16.5% was denominated in Hong Kong dollars, United
States Dollars, Australian Dollars, Euros and other currencies, and 83.5% in RMB.
56      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

As at 31 December 2025, the Group had outstanding bank loans of approximately HK$4,669.48 million (31 December 2024:
HK$4,359.16 million) were granted by banks in the PRC and Hong Kong. All bank loans were denominated in RMB and HK$. The
interest rates charged by banks ranged from 2.20% to 4.98% (31 December 2024: 2.20% to 5.58%) per annum, in which
approximately HK$1,474.50 million bank loans were charged at fixed interest rate. The gearing ratio of the Group, measured by
bank borrowings as a percentage of shareholders’ equity, was approximately 27.2% as at 31 December 2025 while it was also
approximately 26.4% as at 31 December 2024.

Since the Group’s principal activities are in the PRC and the financial resources available, including cash on hand and bank
borrowings, are mainly in RMB and Hong Kong Dollars, the exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations is relatively low.

The Group intends to principally finance its operations and investing activities with its operating revenue, internal resources and
bank facilities. The Directors believe that the Group has a healthy financial position and has sufficient resources to satisfy its capital
expenditure and working capital requirement. The Group adopted a conservative treasury policy with most of the bank deposits
being kept in Hong Kong dollars, or in the local currencies of the operating subsidiaries to minimize exposure to foreign exchange
risks. As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not have foreign exchange contracts, interest or currency swaps or other financial
derivatives for hedging purposes.

PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
The Group’s financial condition, results of operations, and business prospects may be affected directly or indirectly, by a number of
risks and uncertainties pertaining to the Group’s businesses. To the best of knowledge and belief, the Directors consider that the
following are the key risks and uncertainties identified by the Group as at the date of this report.

Market Risks
Market risk is the risk that deteriorates profitability or affects ability to meet business objectives arising from the movement in
market prices, being foreign exchange rates and interest rates. The management of the Group manages and monitors these
exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.

Foreign Exchange Rates Risk
The Group mainly operates in the PRC with most of the transactions settled in RMB. During the year ended 31 December 2025, the
Group did not carry out other hedging activity against foreign currency risk. Any substantial exchange rate fluctuation of foreign
currencies against Renminbi may have a financial impact on the Group.

Interest Rate Risk
For interest-sensitive products and investments, the Group analyses its interest rate exposure on a dynamic basis and considers
managing the risk in a cost-effective manner when appropriate, through variety of means.

Liquidity Risk
Liquidity risk is the potential that the Group will be unable to meet its obligations when they fall due because of an inability to
obtain adequate funding or liquidate assets. In managing liquidity risk, the Group monitors cash flows and maintains an adequate
level of cash and cash equivalent to ensure the ability to finance the Group’s operations and reduce the effects of fluctuation in
cash flows.

Operational Risk
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external events.
Responsibility for managing operational risks basically rests with every function at divisional and departmental levels. Key functions
in the Group are guided by their standard operating procedures, limits of authority and reporting framework. The management will
identify and assess key operational exposures regularly so that appropriate risk response can be taken.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025      57


Management Discussion and Analysis

Investment Risk
Investment risk can be defined as the likelihood of occurrence of losses relative to the expected return on any particular
investment. Key concern of investment framework will be balancing risk and return across different investments, and thus risk
assessment is a core aspect of the investment decision process. Proper authorisation system has been set up and detailed analysis
will be made before approving investments. Regular updates on the progress of the investments of the Group would be submitted
to the Board.

Economic Environment
Most of the Group’s facilities, operations and its revenue are located in and derived from Mainland China and Hong Kong, the PRC.
The Group’s results of operations and financial condition therefore depend on the economies of Mainland China and Hong Kong,
the PRC. The economy of Hong Kong is significantly affected by the developments in the Mainland China and the Asia-Pacific
region. Mainland China’s economy may experience negative economic developments, and other regional economies may also
deteriorate.

The Group also has significant business across the PRC and part of its growth strategy is to expand into new regions. These regions
have also been adversely affected by the global economic slowdown and any continued slowdown may have an adverse effect on
the Group’s existing operations in, and planned expansion into, these regions.

Environmental Policies
The Group is committed to contributing to the sustainability of the environment and is committed to building an environmentally-
friendly corporation that pays close attention to conserving natural resources. The Group strives to minimize its environmental
impact by reducing water consumption and encouraging recycle of office supplies and other materials.

Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations
During the year ended 31 December 2025, as far as the Company is aware, there was no material breach of or non-compliance with
the relevant laws and regulations by the Group that have a significant impact on the business and operations of the Group.

Key Relationships
(i)     Employees

        Human resources are one of the greatest assets of the Group and the Group regards the personal development of its
        employees as highly important. The Group aims to continue to be an attractive employer for committed employees. The
        Group strives to motivate its employees with a clear career path and opportunities for advancement and improvement of
        their skills.

(ii)    Suppliers

        The Group has developed long-standing relationships with a number of suppliers and take a great care to ensure that they
        share its commitment to quality and ethics. The Group cautiously selects its suppliers and requires them to satisfy certain
        assessment criteria including experience, reputation and quality control effectiveness.

(iii)   Customers

        The Group is committed to offer quality products to its customers and keep them informed its latest business developments.
58     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

Employees and Remuneration Policy
As at 31 December 2025, the Group employed about 12,614 staff and workers in Hong Kong and the PRC (31 December 2024:
11,987). The Group remunerates its employees based on their performance and experience and their remuneration package will be
reviewed periodically by the management. Other employee benefits include medical insurance, retirement scheme, appropriate
training program and share option scheme.

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENT
Save as disclosed above, there was no other significant investment during the year.

CONTRACTUAL AND CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
As at 31 December 2025, the Group as lessor had operating lease commitments of HK$1.63 million (31 December 2024: HK$2.22
million).

As at 31 December 2025, the Group had capital commitments of HK$1,447.10 million (31 December 2024: HK$2,239.60 million).

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
As at 31 December 2025, the Directors were not aware of any material contingent liabilities.

APPRECIATION
On behalf of the board of Directors (the “Board”), I would like to express my gratitude to our management and staff for their
dedication and contribution to the Group, and our shareholders and business associates for their continued support throughout
the year.




Dr. Tang Wei Kun
Chairman

Hong Kong, 26 March 2026
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025       59


Corporate Governance Report

The Company has complied with all the applicable code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (the “Code Provisions”) as
set out in Appendix C1 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on the Stock Exchange during the year
ended 31 December 2025. This report also provides the status of the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance
Report as set out in Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules as follows:

DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out
in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct for securities transactions by Directors. Having made specific
enquiries of all Directors, the Directors have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code during the year ended
31 December 2025.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board is responsible for formulating and reviewing business strategies and directions, overseeing the management and
monitoring the performance of the Group. While the management is delegated by the Board to execute these business strategies
and directions and is responsible for the daily operations of the Group.

Currently, the Board comprises 4 executive Directors – Dr. Tang Weikun, Mr. Zhou Chao, Mr. Yang Guang and Ms. Lam Chit Yee
Jessica and 4 independent non-executive Directors – Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie, Dr. Xing Li Na, Mr. Hu Yebi and Dr. Pei Geng. Dr. Tang
Weikun is the Chairman and Mr. Zhou Chao is the Chief Executive Officer. There is no relationship among members of the Board.

The roles of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer are clearly defined and segregated to ensure independence and proper
checks and balances. Dr. Tang, as Chairman of the Board, with his strategic vision, provides leadership to the Board and gives
direction in the development of the Group, which is of added benefit to the check and balance mechanism of the Group. Mr. Zhou,
as the Chief Executive Officer, focuses on the day-to-day management of the Group’s business, and leads the management team of
the Group.

The Board believes that the balance between executive and non-executive Directors is reasonable and adequate to provide check
and balance that safeguard the interests of shareholders and the Group.

The Company has received annual confirmation of independence from all independent non-executive Directors in accordance with
Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers that all independent non-executive Directors are independent and meet the
independent guidelines set out in the Listing Rules.

All Directors are appointed for a term of one year and are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at the general meetings
in accordance with the Company’s Bye-Laws.

BOARD AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT DIVERSITY POLICY
The Company has implemented a board and senior management diversity policy with the aim to set out the approach to achieve
diversity in the Board and at the senior management level. The Company sees increasing diversity at Board and senior
management level as essential to supporting attainment of its strategic objectives and to achieve sustainable and balanced
development. In designing the composition of the Board and the senior management, the diversity has been considered from a
number of perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional
experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. All appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be
considered against objective criteria, having due regard to the benefits of diversity. It should have a balance of skills and experience
and a diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business.

The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and senior management team to enhance the
quality of its performance. Currently the Board and senior management team comprises 8 male and 3 female.
60      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Corporate Governance Report

CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS

Directors shall keep abreast of regulatory developments and changes in order to effectively perform their responsibilities and to
ensure that they remain informed and relevant for their contribution to the Board.

During the year ended 31 December 2025, all the Directors have participated in continuous professional development as required
under Rules 3.09F and 3.09G of the Listing Rules, as detailed below. There were no first-time directors appointed in 2025.

Each of the Directors have completed training in 2025 as set out in the table below:

                                                                                                                  Total number
Type of training                Subject of training                                    Provider                        of hours

Self study (Reading relevant    Summary of Amendments to Corporate Governance          N/A                                    1.0
  materials)                      Code and Listing Rules

Self study (Reading relevant    Corporate Governance Guide for Boards and              N/A                                    3.0
  materials)                      Directors

Training (online attendance)    Board and Directors’ duties, Listing Rules and Hong    External legal adviser                 1.0
                                  Kong law compliance, Corporate Governance, Risk        (qualified Hong Kong
                                  Management and Internal Controls                       lawyer)

Training (online attendance)    Anti-corruption and Anti-bribery laws and              External legal adviser                 1.0
                                  regulations in the PRC applicable to healthcare        (PRC qualified lawyer)
                                  industry

Training (physical for          Industry and business update                           Internal (Chairman)                    2.0
  executive directors,
  online for other directors)

AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Company has established an Audit Committee with written terms of reference for the purpose of monitoring the integrity of
the financial statements and overseeing the financial reporting process and the internal control system of the Group. The Audit
Committee is also responsible for the appointment of external auditors and assessment of their qualifications, independence and
performance.

Currently, the Audit Committee consists of four independent non-executive Directors namely, Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie
(Chairwoman), Dr. Xing Li Na, Mr. Hu Yebi and Dr. Pei Geng. Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie, has appropriate professional qualifications as
required by 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules.

The Audit Committee held three meetings during the year ended 31 December 2025 and reviewed the accounting principles and
practices adopted by the Group and discussed financial reporting matters including a review of the interim and annual financial
statements. The Audit Committee also met with the external auditors to discuss auditing, internal control, statutory compliance and
financial reporting matters before recommending the financial statements to the Board for approval. There was no disagreement
between management and the external auditors with regard to the interim and annual financial statements.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025      61


Corporate Governance Report

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The Company has established a Remuneration Committee with written terms of reference. Currently, the Remuneration Committee
is chaired by Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie with executive Directors Dr. Tang Weikun and Ms. Lam Chit Yee Jessica, and an independent
non-executive Director Mr. Hu Yebi as members.

The Remuneration Committee is responsible for making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for
the remuneration of all Directors and senior management and reviewing specific remuneration package of all Directors and senior
management including any compensation payable for loss or termination of their office and appointment. The remuneration
should reflect the performance, complexity of duties and responsibility of the individual. The Remuneration Committee met three
times during the year to review the remuneration policy for all Directors and senior management and considered the revised terms
of reference of the Nomination Committee.

The Company’s remuneration policy is to ensure that the remuneration offered to employees, including Directors and senior
management, is based on skill, knowledge, responsibilities and involvement in the Company’s affairs. The remuneration packages
of executive Directors are also determined with reference to market practices and prevailing market rates. The remuneration policy
for the independent non-executive Directors is to ensure that the independent non-executive Directors are adequately
compensated for their efforts and time dedicated to the Company’s affairs, including their participation in Board committees. The
remuneration for the independent non-executive Directors mainly comprises Director’s fee which is determined with reference to
the responsibilities, experience and prevailing market rates for independent non-executive directors.

The remuneration of Directors and senior management comprises salary, pensions and discretionary bonus. Details of the Directors’
and senior managements’ emoluments for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in note 15 to the consolidated financial
statements.

NOMINATION COMMITTEE
The Company has established a Nomination Committee with written terms of reference. Currently, the Nomination Committee is
chaired by Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie with an executive Director Mr. Zhou Chao and an independent non–executive Director Mr. Hu
Yebi as members.

The Nomination Committee is responsible for assisting the Board in the overall management of the nomination practices of the
Company to ensure that effective policies, processes and practices are implemented in respect of the appointment and removal of
Directors. The Nomination Committee considers the past performance, qualification, general market conditions and the Company’s
Bye-laws in seeking and recommending candidates for directorship.

The Nomination Committee held three meetings in 2025 to review the structure, size and composition of the Board, assess the
independence of the independent non-executive Directors and other related matters of the Company.
62     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Corporate Governance Report

ATTENDANCE RECORD AT MEETINGS
The attendance records of each Director at the various meetings of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2025 are set
out as below:

                                                                      Meetings Attended/Held
                                             Annual
                                            General                                 Audit       Remuneration          Nomination
Directors                                   Meeting               Board         Committee         Committee            Committee


Dr. Tang Weikun                                   1/1              37/37                 N/A                3/3                 N/A
Mr. Zhou Chao                                     1/1              37/37                 N/A                N/A                 3/3
Mr. Yang Guang                                    1/1              37/37                 N/A                N/A                 N/A
Ms. Lam Chit Yee Jessica                          1/1              37/37                 N/A                3/3                 N/A
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie                           1/1              37/37                 3/3                3/3                 3/3
Mr. Hu Yebi                                       1/1              37/37                 3/3                3/3                 3/3
Dr. Pei Geng                                      0/1              37/37                 3/3                N/A                 N/A
Dr. Xing Li Na                                    1/1              37/37                 3/3                N/A                 N/A

AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
During the year, the auditors performed the work of statutory audit for the year of 2025. Audit fees for the year under review
payable/paid to the auditors of the Company, HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited, amounted to HK$4,350,000.

FINANCIAL REPORTING
The Board has overall responsibility for preparing the accounts of the Group. In preparing the accounts, the generally accepted
accounting policies in Hong Kong have been adopted and the Group has complied with accounting standards issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Appropriate accounting policies have also been applied consistently. The Directors
are not aware of any other material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast doubt upon the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board acknowledges that it has overall responsibility for the Group’s risk management and internal control systems and for
reviewing their effectiveness. The Company has an internal audit team which carries out the analysis and independent appraisal of
the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems and reports to the Board. The
Board also ensures that the review of the effectiveness of these systems has been conducted annually. Several areas have been
considered during the Board’s review, which include but not limited to (i) the changes in the nature and extent of significant risks
since the last annual review, and the Group’s ability to respond to changes in its business and the external environment; and (ii) the
scope and quality of management’s ongoing monitoring of risks and of the internal control systems.

During the financial year ended 31 December 2025, the Board has conducted its regular and annual review of the effectiveness of
our risk management and internal control systems, in particular, the operational and financial reports, compliance control and risk
management reports, budgets and business plans provided by the management. The Audit Committee of the Company also
performs regular review of the Group’s performance, risk management and internal control systems and discusses with the Board,
in order to ensure effective measures are in place to protect material assets and identify business risks of the Group. Such review in
the financial year ended 31 December 2025 did not reveal any major issues and the Board considers our risk management and
internal control systems effective and adequate. The Group’s review procedures involved in the risk management and internal
control mainly included:
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025     63


Corporate Governance Report

(1)   A list of risks was created after the scope of risks was determined and risks were identified.

(2)   The impacts brought by possible financial losses due to risks on operating efficiency, continuous development, and
      reputation were assessed with reference to possible occurrence of various potential risks and the attention drawn from the
      management of the Group, based on which the priority of the risks was determined.

(3)   Our risk management measures with respect to material risks were identified, internal control over the design and
      implementation of risk management measures were assessed, and measures to improve the weaknesses were formulated.

(4)   By assessing internal controls and management’s implementation of rectification measures with respect to material risks, the
      Group regularly reviewed and summarized the risk management and internal control systems to realize the efficient
      operation and constant improvement of risk management.

(5)   The risk management handbook was formulated to address risk management and internal control, pursuant to which, the
      terms of reference of the management, the Board, and the Audit Committee with respect to their risk management work
      were clearly determined, and risk management and internal control systems were monitored on an ongoing basis.

(6)   The management submitted reports to the Audit Committee on regular reviews and assessment results with respect to risk
      management and internal control systems, material risk factors, and the relevant countermeasures.

In order to enhance the Group’s system of handling inside information, and to ensure the truthfulness, accuracy, completeness and
timeliness of its public disclosures, the Group also adopts and implements an inside information policy and procedures. Certain
reasonable measures have been taken from time to time to ensure that proper safeguards exist to prevent a breach of a disclosure
requirement in relation to the Group, which include:

(1)   The access of information is restricted to a limited number of employees on a need-to-know basis. Employees who are in
      possession of inside information are fully conversant with their obligations to preserve confidentiality.

(2)   Confidentiality agreements or confidentiality clauses are in place when the Group enters into significant negotiations.

(3)   The executive Directors are designated persons who speak on behalf of the Company when communicating with external
      parties such as the media, analysts or investors.

WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY

We have adopted a whistleblowing policy, which allows employees and relevant third parties who deal with the Group to voice
concerns, in confidence and anonymity, with the integrity department of the Company about misconduct, malpractice or
irregularities in any matters related to the Group who then conducts an investigation into the matter and later report on the
findings of such investigation to the Audit Committee.

The Audit Committee shall review the possible arrangement regularly and ensure that proper arrangements are in place for fair and
independent investigation of these matters and for appropriate follow-up action.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS
The Board has adopted the terms of reference on corporate governance functions. The terms of reference of the Board in respect
of corporate governance function are summarised as follows:

•     to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;

•     to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management;
64     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Corporate Governance Report

•     to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices to ensure compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;

•     to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and Directors;
      and

•     to review the Company’s compliance with the Code Provisions and its disclosure requirements in the Corporate Governance
      Report.

The work performed by the Board on corporate governance functions during the year ended 31 December 2025 included
developing and reviewing the Company’s policies on corporate governance and review the Company’s compliance with the Code
Provisions.

COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS
The Company establishes different communication channels with shareholders and investors. Electronic version or printed copies
of the annual and interim reports and circulars are sent based on shareholders’ selected communication method to shareholders
based on the method they chose. Shareholders are encouraged to attend general meetings of the Company which allows the
Directors to meet and communicate with them.

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company
carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board
or the secretary of the company, to require a special general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business
specified in such requisition.

Any number of shareholders representing not less than one-twentieth of the total voting rights of all the shareholders of the
Company or not less than 100 shareholders can put forward any proposed resolution or the business to be dealt with at general
meetings of the Company by depositing a requisition in writing at the principal office of the Company. The requisition must be
signed by the relevant shareholder(s).

Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns to the Board in writing through the company secretary of the
Company whose contact details are as follows:

Unit 3302, The Center,
99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong
Email: victor.foo@chinagrandpharm.com

Shareholders may also make enquiries with the Board at the general meetings of the Company.

CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
In 2023, the Company adopted certain amendments to the Bye-laws of the Company in order to bring the Bye-laws in line with (i)
the relevant requirements of the Listing Rules, including the core shareholder protection standards set out in Appendix A1 to the
Listing Rules, and the applicable laws of Bermuda; and (ii) making other housekeeping amendments, including consequential
amendments in line with the above amendments to the Existing Bye-laws. The amended Bye-laws of the Company is available on
the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025      65


Report of the Directors

The Directors are pleased to present their report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the
year ended 31 December 2025.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is an investment holding company.

SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATES
Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries and associates at 31 December 2025 are set out in notes 21 and 19 to the consolidated
financial statements respectively.

BUSINESS REVIEW
The business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 is set out in the section “Management Discussion and
Analysis” on pages 18 to 48 of this annual report.

Description of principal risks and uncertainties that may be faced by the Group can be found in the section “Management
Discussion and Analysis – Principal Risks and Uncertainties” on pages 56 to 58 of this annual report.

An analysis of the Group’s performance during the year using financial key performance indicators is set out in the section
“Management Discussion and Analysis – Financial Resources and Liquidity” on page 55 of this annual report. In addition, discussions
on the Group’s environmental policies and compliance with relevant laws and regulations which may have a significant impact on
the Group are set out in the section “Management Discussion and Analysis – Environmental Policies” and “Management Discussion
and Analysis – Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations” separately on page 57 of this annual report.

RESULTS
The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 and the state of affairs of the Group at that date are set out on
pages 85 to 216.

DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company has adopted a dividend policy, in considering the payment of dividends, to allow shareholders of the Company to
participate in the Company’s profits whilst retaining adequate reserves for future growth of the Group. The Board shall consider the
following factors before recommending or declaring dividends:

i.     The Company’s actual and expected financial performance;

ii.    Retained earnings and distributable reserves of the Company and each of the members of the Group;

iii.   The Group’s working capital, capital expenditure requirements and future expansion plans;

iv.    The Group’s liquidity position;

v.     General economic conditions, business cycle of the Group and other internal or external factors that may have an impact on
       the business or financial performance and position of the Company; and

vi.    Other factors that the Board deems relevant.

The payment of dividend is also subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations including the laws of Bermuda and the
Company’s Bye-laws. The Board will review the dividend policy from time to time and there can be no assurance that dividend will
be paid in any particular amount for any given period.
66     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Report of the Directors

DIVIDEND
The Board recommends the payment of final dividend of approximately HK$591.806 million at 16.9 HK cents per share (2024:
HK$910.471 million at 26 HK cents per share) for the year ended 31 December 2025. No interim dividend was declared during the
year (2024: Nil).

RESERVES
Details of the movements in reserves of the Group and of the Company during the year are set out in the consolidated statement
of changes in equity and note 39 to the consolidated financial statements respectively. As at 31 December 2025, the Company’s
reserves available for distribution, calculated in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations of Bermuda, amounted to
approximately HK$7,333,064,000 (2024: approximately HK$7,640,695,000).

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the movements in share capital of the Company during the year are set out in note 37 to the consolidated financial
statements.

PREEMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s bye-laws or the laws of Bermuda which would oblige the
Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to its existing shareholders.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year are set out in note 16 to the consolidated
financial statements.

BANK BORROWINGS
Particulars of bank borrowings of the Group during the year are set out in note 31 to the consolidated financial statements.

DIRECTORS
The Directors who held office during the year and up to the date of this report are:

Executive Directors
Dr. Tang Weikun
Mr. Zhou Chao
Mr. Yang Guang
Ms. Lam Chit Yee Jessica

Independent Non-executive Directors
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie
Dr. Xing Li Na
Mr. Hu Yebi
Dr. Pei Geng

Pursuant to bye-law 87(1), Mr. Zhou Chao, Mr. Hu Yebi and Dr. Pei Geng will retire from office at the forthcoming annual general
meeting. Mr. Zhou Chao, Mr. Hu Yebi and Dr. Pei Geng, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election of the forthcoming annual
general meeting.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025       67


Report of the Directors

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
There is no unexpired service contract which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of
compensation other than statutory compensation. Each of the independent non-executive Directors has been appointed pursuant
to a letter of appointment for a term of one year, which is renewable automatically for successive terms of one year after the expiry
of the term of appointment, unless terminated by not less than three months’ notice in writing served by either party.

DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
At no time during the year was the Company or its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors or chief
executive of the Company to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other
body corporate.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTION, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
No transaction, arrangement or contract of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company, or any of its holding
company, subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party, and in which Directors had a material interest, subsisted at the end of the
year or at any time during the year.

EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY
As at 31 December 2025, the Group employed about 12,614 staff and workers in Hong Kong and the PRC (31 December 2024:
11,987). The Group remunerates its employees based on their performance and experience and their remuneration package will be
reviewed periodically by the management. Other employee benefits include medical insurance, retirement scheme, appropriate
training program and share option scheme.

COMPETING INTEREST
No Directors or the management shareholders of the Company (as defined in the Listing Rules) had an interest in a business which
competes or may compete with the business of the Group.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the related party transactions entered by the Group are all disclosed note 40 in the
consolidated financial statements and in the section “Continuing Connected Transactions” in the Report of the Directors below,
and had complied with the relevant requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Save as mentioned in these 2 sections,
there were no other discloseable non-exempted connected transactions or non– exempted continuing connected transactions
under the Listing Rules. To the extent of the related party transactions as disclosed in note 40 to the financial statements
constituted connected transaction or continuing connected transaction, the Company had complied with the relevant
requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules during the year.
68     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Report of the Directors

CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group has entered the following continuing connected transactions which are subject
to the reporting and announcement requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules:

(1)   On 30 June 2023, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement (the “Huadong Medicine Supply Agreement”) with
      Huadong Medicine. Pursuant to the Huadong Medicine Supply Agreement, Grand Pharm (China) or its related companies
      shall supply pharmaceutical preparations, raw materials and related services to Huadong Medicine or its related companies,
      and the maximum annual amount of products to be sold by the Group to Huadong Medicine for each of the year ended 31
      December 2024 and 31 December 2025 shall not exceed RMB142.00 million and RMB143.00 million respectively (the
      “Huadong Medicine Supply Caps”). In 2025, the transaction amount under Huadong Medicine Supply Agreement was
      approximately RMB86.949 million.

(2)   On 30 June 2023, Grand Pharm (China) entered into a purchase agreement (the “Yuanda Jiufu Purchase Agreement”) with
      Hebei Yuanda Jiufu Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (“Yuanda Jiufu”). Pursuant to the Yuanda Jiufu Purchase Agreement, Grand Pharm
      (China) or its related companies shall purchase raw materials for the production of steroid hormone products and other
      pharmaceutical products from Yuanda Jiufu or its related companies, and the maximum annual amount of products to be
      purchased by Yuanda Jiufu from the Group for each of the year ended 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2025 shall not
      exceed RMB165.00 million and RMB196.00 million respectively (the “Yuanda Jiufu Purchase Caps”). In 2025, the transaction
      amount under Yuanda Jiufu Purchase Agreement was approximately RMB122.203 million.

(3)   On 30 June 2023, Grand Pharm (China) entered into a sub-contracting agreement (the “Yuanda Jiufu Sub-contracting
      Agreement”) with Yuanda Jiufu. Pursuant to the Yuanda Jiufu Sub-contracting Agreement, Grand Pharm (China) shall engage
      Yuanda Jiufu and its related companies for the provision of processing services for the production of amino acid products
      and other pharmaceutical products, and the maximum annual amount of processed products to be consigned by the Group
      to Yuanda Jiufu for each of the year ended 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2025 shall not exceed RMB85.00 million and
      RMB86.00 million respectively (the “Yuanda Jiufu Sub-contracting Caps”). In 2025, the transaction amount under Yuanda Jiufu
      Sub-contracting Agreement was approximately RMB16.074 million.

(4)   On 15 November 2024, Beijing Purevalley Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (an indirect non wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company)
      (“Beijing Purevalley”) and Chengdu Purevalley Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (an indirect non wholly-owned subsidiary of the
      Company) (“Chengdu Purevalley”) entered into the 2024 Distribution Agreement with Sirtex Medical, respectively. Pursuant
      to the 2024 Distribution Agreement, Beijing Purevalley and Chengdu Purevalley act as the exclusive distributors for the resale
      of products, with the Group’s aggregate purchase caps from Sirtex Medical for the periods from the effective date of the
      terms until 31 December 2024 and from 1 January 2025 to 14 November 2025 being RMB67,155,000 and RMB54,945,000
      respectively. In 2025, the purchase amount under the 2024 Distribution Agreement is approximately RMB87.409 million.

(5)   On 27 August 2025, Grand Pharm (China) entered into a sales agreement (the “Yuanda Jiufu Sales Agreement”) with Yuanda
      Jiufu. Pursuant to the Yuanda Jiufu Sales Agreement, Grand Pharm (China) or its related companies shall sell raw materials for
      the production of steroid hormone products and other pharmaceutical products to Yuanda Jiufu or its related companies.
      Pursuant to the Yuanda Jiufu Sales Agreement, the maximum annual amount of products to be sold for the year ended 31
      December 2025 shall not exceed RMB80.00 million (the “Yuanda Jiufu sales Caps”). In 2025, the transaction amount under
      Yuanda Jiufu Sales Agreement was approximately RMB44.021 million.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025       69


Report of the Directors

As Huadong Medicine and Baoding Jiufu are regarded as connected persons of the Company since they are associates of the China
Grand (which is a substantial shareholder of the Company), and the subject matters of each of the Huadong Medicine Supply
Agreement, Yuanda Jiufu Purchase Agreement, Yuanda Jiufu Sales Agreement, and Yuanda Jiufu Sub-Contracting Agreement
(collectively known as the “China Grand Continuing Connected Transaction Agreements”) are similar in nature, pursuant to Rule
14A.81 of the Listing Rules the transactions between the Group and each of these companies would be aggregated. As the
aggregated amount of the Huadong Medicine Supply Caps, Yuanda Jiufu Purchase Caps, Yuanda Jiufu Sales Caps and Yuanda Jiufu
Sub-Contracting Caps exceed HK$10 million per annum, the transactions contemplated under the China Grand Continuing
Connected Transaction Agreements are subject to the reporting, announcement and Independent Shareholders’ approval
requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

Prior to May 2025, the principal stakeholder of the holding company of Sirtex Medical was a substantial shareholder of the
Company, therefore Sirtex Medical was considered a connected person of the Company. As one or more of the applicable
percentage ratios as set out in Rule 14.07 of the Listing Rules for the 2024 Distribution Agreement exceed 0.1%, but all are less than
5%, the transactions under the Distribution Agreement are subject to the reporting and announcement requirements under
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, but are exempt from the circular and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed and confirmed that these transactions were entered into:

(i)     in the ordinary and usual course of the business of the Group;

(ii)    either on normal commercial terms or, if there are no sufficient comparable transactions to judge whether they are on
        normal commercial terms, on terms no less favourable to the Group than those available to or from independent third
        parties; and

(iii)   in accordance with the China Grand Continuing Connected Transaction Agreements and 2024 Distribution Agreement
        governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.

The Auditors of the Company have reviewed the continuing connected transactions and confirmed in a letter (the “Letter”) to the
Board (a copy of which has been provided to the Stock Exchange). The Auditors of the Company have:

(i)     found that the continuing connected transactions have received the approval of the Board of Directors of the Company;

(ii)    obtained the relevant agreements governing each of the continuing connected transactions from management;

(iii)   found that the prices charged for each of the transactions selected were in accordance with the pricing terms set out in the
        relevant agreements governing such transactions or where the related agreement did not clearly specify a price, the prices
        charged were consistent with the prices charged for comparable transactions that were identified by management; and

(iv)    found that the continuing connected transactions have not exceed the cap amounts disclosed in previous announcements
        dated 30 June 2023, 15 November 2024 and 27 August 2025 made by the Company in respect of each of the continuing
        connected transactions.
70      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Report of the Directors

SHARE OPTION SCHEME
As at 31 December 2025, the Company did not adopt any share option scheme and no outstanding share options.

No share options were granted or exercised under any share option scheme, and there were no outstanding share options as at 31
December 2025.

SHARE AWARD SCHEME
On 1 September 2021, the Company has adopted the Share Award Scheme (“Scheme”) in which the Group’s employees, directors
or consultants will be entitled to participate. Details of the Scheme are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 1
September 2021.

The Group has paid to the trust established for the Scheme approximately HK$278.56 million, and including the dividend belongs
to the shares acquired previously, the trustee used approximately HK$268.50 million to purchase 47,761,500 shares of the Company
(“Shares”) as part of the trust fund, and such Shares are held by the trustee for the benefit of the eligible participants under the trust
and are the total number of award shares available for grant under the Scheme, representing approximately 1.35% of the issued
Shares of the Company. Where the trustee has received instructions from the Group to acquire Shares and necessary funds, the
trustee shall acquire such number of Shares on-market at the prevailing market price as soon as reasonably practicable.

PURPOSE OF THE SCHEME
The purpose of the Scheme is to recognise the contributions of the Selected Participants and provide them with incentives in order
to retain them for the continual operation, growth and development of the Group.

REMAINING TERM OF THE SCHEME
Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the Board pursuant to the Scheme Rules, the Scheme shall be valid and
effective for the Scheme Period, i.e. a term of 10 years commencing on the Effective Date. As of 31 December 2025, the Scheme
has approximately six years remaining in force.

Save for the aforesaid, as at 31 December 2025, the Group did not grand any awards nor caused to pay the trustee the trust fund
for purchase nor subscription of Shares. When any awards were granted later, the number of Shares to be awarded, award price,
vesting criteria and vesting schedule of awards of each participant will be subject to the applicable Listing Rules and other
applicable regulations by that time, and will inform the participants in the form of an award letter. The Board shall not make any
award of Shares which will result in the aggregate number of the Shares awarded by the Board under the Scheme exceeding 5% of
the number of issued Shares of the Company as at the adoption date of the Scheme (i.e. 177,478,557 Shares), and the maximum
entitlement of each participant under the Scheme in every 12-months in aggregate shall not exceed 1% of the issued Shares as at
the adoption date of the Scheme (i.e. 35,495,711 Shares).
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025       71


Report of the Directors

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES
As at 31 December 2025, the Directors and the chief executive of the Company, and their respective associates had the following
interests in the shares and underlying shares of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions
which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO) or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the
SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”):

Long positions in the shares of the Company:
                                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                                                    percentage of
                                                                                                    Number of      the Company’s
Name of Director and chief                                                                           ordinary         issued share
Executive of the Company                   Capacity                                                shares held             Capital


Tang Weikun                                Beneficial owner                                            1,000,000               0.03%
Zhou Chao                                  Beneficial owner                                              452,500               0.01%
Ms. Lam Chit Yee Jessica                   Beneficial owner                                              579,000               0.02%

Apart from the foregoing, none of the Directors and chief executive of the Company or any of their spouses or children under
eighteen years of age has interests or short positions in shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company, any of its holding
company, subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries, as recorded in the register required to be kept under section 352 of the SFO or
pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers contained in the Listing Rules or required to
be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of the SFO.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
The articles of associations of the Company provides that the Directors or other officers of the Company shall be entitled to be
indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities incurred or sustained by him/her as a Director or other
officer of the Company in defending any proceedings, civil or criminal, in which judgment is given in his/her favour, or in which he/
she is acquitted.

The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover or other relevant arrangement in respect of potential legal actions against
its Directors and senior management members as well as directors of the subsidiaries of the Group.
72     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Report of the Directors

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
As at 31 December 2025, the following persons (other than the Directors or chief executive of the Company) had an interest or
short position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which are required to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock
Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or required to be entered in the register maintained by
the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.

Long and short positions in the shares of the Company:
                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                 percentage or
                                                                                                                   attributable
                                                                                                                 percentage of
                                                                 Number of the                                    shareholding
Name of Shareholders                            Notes          shares interested     Nature of interests                    (%)


Outwit Investments Limited (“Outwit”)             1              1,896,044,240 (L)   Beneficial owner                   53.42 (L)

Grand (Hongkong) International Investments        1              1,896,044,240 (L)   Interest of controlled             53.42 (L)
  Holdings Limited                                                                      corporation
  (“Grand Investment”)

China Grand Enterprises Incorporation             1              1,896,044,240 (L)   Interest of controlled             53.42 (L)
  (“China Grand”)                                                                       corporation

Mr. Hu Kaijun (“Mr. Hu”)                      1&2&3              1,999,230,302 (L)   Interest of controlled             56.32 (L)
                                                                                        corporation

                                                  2                 61,666,062 (S)   Interest of controlled              1.74(S)
                                                                                     corporation

Ms. Chau Tung                                 1&2&3              1,999,230,302 (L)   Beneficial owner/Interest          56.32 (L)
                                                                                       in spouse

CDH Giant Health I Limited (“CDH Giant”)          4                306,100,142 (L)   Beneficial owner                    8.62 (L)

CDH V CV Fund, L.P. (“CDH V CV Fund”)             4                306,100,142 (L)   Interest of controlled              8.62 (L)
                                                                                        corporation
                                                                                           Annual Report 2025     73


Report of the Directors


                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                                    percentage or
                                                                                                      attributable
                                                                                                    percentage of
                                                     Number of the                                   shareholding
Name of Shareholders                       Notes   shares interested    Nature of interests                    (%)


CDH V CV Holdings Company Limited           4         306,100,142 (L)   Interest of controlled              8.62 (L)
  (“CDH V CV”)                                                             corporation

CDH V Holdings Company Limited (“CDH V”)    4         306,100,142 (L)   Interest of controlled              8.62 (L)
                                                                           corporation

China Diamond Holdings V Limited            4         306,100,142 (L)   Interest of controlled              8.62 (L)
  (“China Diamond V”)                                                      corporation

China Diamond Holdings Company Limited      4         306,100,142 (L)   Interest of controlled              8.62 (L)
  (“China Diamond”)                                                        corporation

(L)   denotes long position
(S)   denotes short position
74        Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Report of the Directors

Notes:

1.       Outwit is the beneficial owner of 1,896,044,240 Shares. Grand Investment, being wholly-owned by China Grand, held 99.85% equity interests of Outwit,
         and Ms. Chau Tung, spouse of Mr. Hu, held the remaining 0.15% equity interests. Grand Investment and China Grand are therefore deemed to be
         interested in 1,896,044,240 Shares pursuant to the SFO.

2.       Beijing Yuanda Huachuang Investment Group Co., Ltd.（北京遠大華創投資集團有限公司）, a company wholly owned by Mr. Hu, owned 70% of
         the equity interests of Shanghai China Grand Asset Finance Investment Management Co., Limited (上海遠大產融投資管理有限公司) (“Shanghai
         Finance”). Shanghai Finance is the holder of 61,666,062 Shares through an asset management plan. Pursuant to the terms of the asset management
         plan, the 61,666,062 shares held under the asset management plan are deemed to be short positions held by Mr. Hu.

3.       China Grand is controlled and ultimately and beneficially owned by Mr. Hu. Ms. Chau Tung, spouse of Mr. Hu, is also the beneficial owner of 41,520,000
         Shares. Mr. Hu and Ms. Chau Tung are therefore deemed to be interested in 1,999,230,302 Shares pursuant to the SFO.

4.       CDH Giant is the beneficial owner of 306,100,142 Shares. CDH Giant is wholly-owned by CDH V CV Fund, and pursuant to the SFO, CDH V CV Fund is
         therefore deemed to be interested in the 306,100,142 Shares. CDH V CV Fund is controlled by CDH V CV, which is in held as to 100% by CDH V; CDH V,
         which in turn held as to 80% by China Diamond V. China Diamond V is in held as to 100% by China Diamond.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, the Directors or chief executive of the Company were not aware of any other
person (other than the Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the shares or
underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of
Part XV of the SFO or, who is, directly or indirectly, interested in 5% or more of the nominal value of any class of share capital
carrying rights to vote in all circumstances at general meetings of any other members of the Group, or any other substantial
shareholders whose interests or short positions were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section
336 of the SFO.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company
was entered into or existed during the year.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the five largest customers of the Group accounted for less than 30% of the Group’s total
revenue while the five largest suppliers accounted for less than 30% the Group’s total purchases.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SHARES
During the period ended 31 December 2025, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any
of the Company’s listed securities.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025      75


Report of the Directors

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, the Company has
maintained a sufficient public float as required under the Listing Rules during the year ended 31 December 2025 and as at the
latest practicable date prior to the issue of this annual report.

TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION
The Company is not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to shareholders by reason of their holding of the Company’s
securities.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the Corporate Governance Report on pages 59 to
64.

AUDITORS
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 have been audited by HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng
Limited which shall retire and, being eligible, offer itself for re-appointment at the forthcoming annual general meeting. A
resolution to re-appoint HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited and to authorize the Board of Directors to fix its remuneration will be
proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

On behalf of the Board




Dr. Tang Weikun
Chairman

Hong Kong, 26 March 2026
76     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Dr. Tang Weikun, aged 41, joined Grand Pharma (China) Co., Ltd. (a major subsidiary of the Group) (“Grand Pharma (China)”) in
2012 and worked for several companies of the Group. He has been the assistant of the president of Grand Pharma (China) since
April 2019, and was appointed as the president of Grand Pharma (China) with effect from 1 June 2021. Dr. Tang has overall
responsible for the operation of Grand Pharma (China) and being the officer of its strategic decision committee. Dr. Tang
completed his life science and technology undergraduate education at Wuhan University in 2007, and obtained his doctoral
degree in microbiology from the College of Life Sciences, Wuhan University in 2012.

Mr. Zhou Chao, aged 36, joined the Company as the executive deputy officer in June 2019 and became the executive officer of
the Company since June 2021. He is also directors of certain associated company of the Group. Mr. Zhou is primarily responsible for
the overall internal management of the Group. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Zhou was a legal manager and a senior legal
manager of the legal security management headquarter and the business director of China Grand Enterprises Incorporation (a
substantial shareholder of the Company) from 2013 to 2019. He is currently directors of certain local and overseas companies. Mr.
Zhou obtained his bachelor degree in law from the Ocean University of China and subsequently obtained his master degree in
international economic law from the University of International Business and Economics.

Mr. Yang Guang, aged 50, was appointed as an executive Director on 30 June 2023. Mr. Yang has over 20 years experience in
business development. He has been the general manager of the investment management headquarters (formerly known as
investment development headquarters) of China Grand Enterprises Incorporation (a substantial shareholder of the Company) since
2019. Mr. Yang obtained his bachelor degree in pharmaceutical preparations from the China Pharmaceutical University in 1996. He
also obtained a master degree in bio-pharmacy engineering from the Tianjin University in 2007, and a master degree of business
administration from the China Europe International Business School in 2013.

Ms. Lam Chit Yee, Jessica, aged 60, holder of Technical Representative (Broker) Licence issued by the Insurance Authority, has
engaged in insurance industry for over 20 years. Before her appointment, she worked at Fur Ren Financial Services Limited for more
than 15 years. Her last position was director of the company, and she was responsible for commercial insurance, providing
insurance and investment solutions to clients. She was good at risk management and investment planning, and had excellent
communication and customer relationship management skills. Ms. Lam joined the Group as director of a subsidiary since May 2024.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025       77


Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management

INDEPENDENT NONEXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie, aged 63, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in March 2005. Ms. So is a fellow
member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and a practicing member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants. She is a partner of an accounting firm.

Dr. Xing Li Na, aged 42, joined China Grand Enterprises, INC. in November 2023 as senior business director of the pharmaceutical
strategic management headquarters. She has many years of experience in review work at the Medical Device Technical Review
Center of the State Food and Drug Administration, and served as deputy director of preclinical safety research for new drugs at
BeiGene (Beijing) Biotechnology Co., Ltd. Dr. Xing obtained a postgraduate degree in medicine from Peking University School of
Medicine in 2012.

Mr. Hu Yebi, aged 62, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in December 2018. Mr. Hu Yebi received his
Master of Business Administration from Netherlands International Institute for Management in the Netherlands and a Postgraduate
Diploma in Management Engineering from Beijing Institute of Technology in Beijing, the PRC. Mr. Hu has more than twenty years
of experience in securities and financial services, mergers and acquisitions and corporate finance. Mr. Hu is the founder and
chairman of Vision Finance Group Limited. Mr. Hu is currently a non–executive director of Beijing Sports and Entertainment Industry
Group Limited (stock code: 1803) and was an executive director of Beijing Enterprises Medical and Health Industry Limited (stock
code: 2389) and Beijing Properties (Holdings) Limited (stock code: 925), but already resigned in October 2018 and November 2018
respectively. All these companies are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

Dr. Pei Geng, aged 66, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in May 2011. Dr. Pei holds a bachelor degree in
Medicine and clinically became a neurosurgeon after graduation from Beijing Capital University of Medicine, China. Dr. Pei also
holds a licentiate degree in Medical Sciences from Uppsala University, Sweden and a PhD degree in neuroscience from University
of Würzburg, Germany. Dr. Pei is currently working in Multiway Trading Intl., USA and its Beijing branch.

SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. Foo Tin Chung, Victor, aged 57, joined the Company in September 2011 as a company secretary of the Company. Mr. Foo
holds a bachelor degree in Accounting and Information System in the University of New South Wales in Australia and a master
degree in Business Administration in Australia Graduate School of Management. He is a member of the Australia Society of Certified
Practising Accountants and an associate member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Foo is the
company secretary and chief financial officer of Justin Allen Holdings Limited (stock code: 1425) since April 2018, which is listed on
the Stock Exchange.

Mr. Shi Xiaofeng, aged 59, joined the principal subsidiary Grand Pharm (China) since 2003 and is the chairman of the board of
directors of Grand Pharma (China). Mr. Shi is responsible for overseeing the entire operations and management of Grand Pharm
(China), and has over 20 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry management. Mr. Shi used to work for Schering–
Plough and Pharmacia as senior management before joining the Group. Mr. Shi holds a medical degree from Medical School of
Southeast University and a EMBA certificate at China Europe International Business School.
78     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Independent Auditors’ Report

                                                                                31/F, Gloucester Tower      香港
                                                                                The Landmark                中環
                                                                                11 Pedder Street            畢打街11號
                                                                                Central                     置地廣場
                                                                                Hong Kong                   告羅士打大廈31樓

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 85 to 216, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position
as at 31 December 2025, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated
statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the
consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as
at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in
accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”)
and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities
under those standards are further described in the Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants (the “Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other
ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025     79


Independent Auditors’ Report

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key audit matter                                                       How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Impairment assessment of pharmaceutical business
Refer to notes 3, 4, 20 and 22 to the consolidated financial statements

The Group had goodwill and intangible assets of                        Our procedures in relation to management’s impairment
approximately HK$1,676,875,000 and HK$3,269,431,000                    assessment of pharmaceutical business included but not limited to:
respectively relating to the cash generating units engaged
in business of manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical                 •     Evaluating of the independent external valuer’s competence,
technology products, manufacture and sales of bio-                           capabilities and objectivity;
technology products as well as manufacture and sales of
nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment and                •    Assessing the appropriateness of methodologies used and
cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis                   the key assumptions based on our knowledge of the
and treatment technology products mainly in the People’s                    pharmaceutical business and using our valuation experts;
R e p u b l i c o f C h i n a a s a t 31 D e c e m b e r 2025. T h e
management of the Group performed impairment                           •     Challenging the reasonableness of key assumptions based on
assessment of pharmaceutical business annually for                           our knowledge of the business and industry; and
recoverability of cash-generating units to which goodwill
and intangible assets being allocated. No impairment loss              •     Checking, on sampling basis, the accuracy and relevance of
on goodwill was recognised for the year. This conclusion                     the input data used.
was based on value-in-use model that required significant
management judgement with respect to the discount rate                 We found that the management’s judgement and estimates used in
and the underlying cashflows, in particular future revenue             the impairment assessment of pharmaceutical business were
growth. Independent external valuation reports were                    supported by the available evidence.
obtained in order to support management’s estimates.

We focused on this area due to the impairment assessment
of pharmaceutical business involved the use of significant
management judgements and estimates.
80      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Independent Auditors’ Report

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key audit matter                                                  How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Impairment assessment of trade and other receivables and amounts due from related companies
Refer to notes 3, 4, 5(b)(iv), 27 and 33 to the consolidated financial statements

As at 31 December 2025, the Group had gross trade and             Our procedures in relation to management’s impairment
other receivables and amounts due from related companies          assessment of the trade and other receivables and amounts due
of approximately HK$2,247,993,000 and HK$55,707,000,              from related companies as at 31 December 2025 included but not
respectively. The provision for impairment of trade and           limited to:
other receivables and amounts due from related companies
are approximately HK$247,027,000 and HK$984,000,                  •     Obtaining an understanding of how management assesses
respectively.                                                           the ECL for trade and other receivables and amounts due
                                                                        from related companies;
In general, the credit terms granted by the Group to the
customers ranged between 30 to 180 days. Management               •     Checking, on a sample basis, the ageing profile of the trade
applied judgement in assessing the expected credit losses               receivables as at 31 December 2025 to the underlying
(“ECL”). Trade and other receivables relating to counterparties         financial records and post year-end settlements to bank
with known financial difficulties or significant doubt on               receipts;
collection of trade receivables are assessed individually for
provision for loss allowance. ECL are also estimated by           •     Inquiring of management for the past due status of each of
grouping the remaining trade receivables based on shared                the material trade and other receivables and amounts due
credit risk characteristics and collectively assessed for               from related companies as at year end and corroborating
likelihood of recovery, taking into account the nature of the           explanations from management with supporting evidence,
customer, its business and its ageing category, and applying            such as understanding on-going business relationship with
ECL rates to the respective gross carrying amounts of the               the customers based on trade records, checking historical and
trade receivables. The management assessed the recoverability           subsequent settlement records of and other correspondence
of amounts due from related companies based on these                    with the customers or debtors; and
counterparties’ capability of repayment. The ECL rates on
these receivables are determined based on the Group’s             •     Assessing the appropriateness of the ECL provisioning
historical default rates taking into consideration forward-             methodology, examining the key data inputs on a sample
looking information that is reasonable and supportable                  basis to assess their accuracy and completeness, and
available without undue costs or effort. At every reporting             challenging the assumptions, including both historical and
date, the historical observed default rates are reassessed              forward-looking information, used to determine the ECL.
and changes in the forward-looking information are
considered.                                                       We found that the management’s judgement and estimates used
                                                                  to assess the recoverability of the trade and other receivables and
We focused on this area due to the impairment assessment          amounts due from related companies and its impairment provision
of trade and other receivables and amounts due from               were supported by the available evidence.
related companies under the ECL model involved the use of
significant management judgements and estimates.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025      81


Independent Auditors’ Report

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key audit matter                                                How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Interests in associates
Refer to note 3, 4 and 19 to the consolidated financial statements

As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amounts of interests       Our procedures in relation to the assessing the valuation of the
in associates amounted to approximately HK$7,604,716,000        interest in associates, Grand Pharma Sphere and its wholly owned
which represented approximately 28.0% of the Group’s total      subsidiary Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd, included but not limited to:
assets.
                                                                •    Discussing with the management the key audit matters
Included in the interests in associates, the Group had               relating to Sirtex and discussing with Sirtex Auditors their
57.98% interest in Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Limited (“Grand           audit approach and reviewing their working papers and
Pharma Sphere”) which was accounted for under the equity             results of their work;
method. The Group’s share of profit from Grand Pharma
Sphere for the year ended 31 December 2025 was                  •    Reviewing of the management’s assessments to whether any
approximately of HK$37,185,000 and the Group’s share of              indication of impairment exist and evaluating the significant
net assets of Grand Pharma Sphere was approximately                  assumptions used;
HK$5,066,029,000 as at 31 December 2025, which
represented approximately 18.6% of the Group’s total assets.    •    Evaluating of the management’s expected credit loss
                                                                     assessment on the amounts due from associates and
Grand Pharma Sphere’s revenue amounted to                            underlying methodology, examining the key data inputs on a
approximately HK$1,859,063,000 for the year ended 31                 sample basis to assess their accuracy and completeness, and
December 2025. Revenue was mainly generated from sale                challenging the assumptions, including both historical and
of SIRSpheres Y-90 resin microspheres, a targeted                    forward-looking information, used to determine the ECL.
radiotherapy for liver cancer. Revenue is recognised when
control of the product has transferred to the customer,         We found that the management’s judgement and estimates used in
being when the product is delivered to the distributor or       the management impairment assessment on interests in associates
medical facility and when the customer has sole discretion      were supported by the available evidence.
over the use of the product and there are no unfulfilled
obligations that could affect the customer’s acceptance of
the product.

Management determines at the end of each reporting
period the existence of any objective evidence through
which the Group’s interests in all associates may be
impaired. The assessment of indicators of impairment and
where such indicators exist and the determination of the
recoverable amounts requires significant management’s
judgement.

We focused on this area due to its significance balance to
the Group’s total assets and significant management
judgements and estimates involved in impairment
assessment on interests in associates.
82     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Independent Auditors’ Report

OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included
in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditors’ report thereon (the “Other
Information”).

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the Other Information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the Other Information and, in
doing so, consider whether the Other Information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this Other Information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless
the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025       83


Independent Auditors’ Report

AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our opinion solely to you, as a
body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Bermuda Companies Act, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but
is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably
be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout
the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
      design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate
      to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
      one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
      internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in
      the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
      disclosures made by the directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
      evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
      the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
      attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
      inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors’
      report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
      and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
      achieves fair presentation.

•     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the
      entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are
      responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purpose of the group audit. We remain
      solely responsible for our audit opinion.
84     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Independent Auditors’ Report

AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to
bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely
rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditors’ report is Tien Sun Kit, Jack. (Practising Certificate
Number: P07364).




HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 26 March 2026
                                                                                                Annual Report 2025       85


Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
Other Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2025

                                                                                               2025               2024
                                                                                  Notes      HK$’000            HK$’000


Revenue                                                                             7      12,283,271        11,644,892
Cost of sales                                                                              (5,502,910)       (4,906,576)

Gross profit                                                                                6,780,361          6,738,316
Other income, gains and losses, net                                                 8         224,011            241,734
Distribution costs                                                                         (3,806,890)        (3,256,885)
Administrative expenses                                                                    (1,389,091)        (1,365,374)
Provision of allowance for expected credit losses, net                                        (38,718)           (73,378)
Impairment loss recognised in respect of goodwill                                                   –            (49,073)
Fair value change on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          9        (189,313)           675,928
Fair value change on derivative financial instruments                                               –            (27,383)
Share of results of associates                                                                 76,059            148,720
Finance costs                                                                       10       (162,338)          (180,242)

Profit before tax                                                                           1,494,081         2,852,363
Income tax expense                                                                  11       (249,778)         (386,304)

Profit for the year                                                                 12      1,244,303         2,466,059

Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of income tax
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Fair value change on investment in equity instruments at fair value
   through other comprehensive income                                                         (38,034)         (109,604)
Share of other comprehensive (loss)/income associates                                         (26,759)           47,939

Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange difference on translating foreign operations                                        270,948           (201,521)

Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year, net of income tax                            206,155           (263,186)

Total comprehensive income for the year, net of income tax                                  1,450,458         2,202,873

Profit for the year attributable to:
  – Owners of the Company                                                                   1,240,871         2,468,375
  – Non-controlling interests                                                                   3,432            (2,316)

                                                                                            1,244,303         2,466,059

Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year attributable to:
  – Owners of the Company                                                                   1,451,662         2,200,896
  – Non-controlling interests                                                                  (1,204)            1,977

                                                                                            1,450,458         2,202,873

Earnings per share
  – Basic and diluted (HK cents)                                                    14          35.44                70.49


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
86      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at 31 December 2025

                                                                                  2025         2024
                                                                      Notes     HK$’000      HK$’000


Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                          16      4,332,283    3,784,285
Right-of-use assets                                                    17        492,214      481,783
Investment properties                                                  18        176,694      174,356
Interests in associates                                                19      7,604,716    7,791,030
Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income    24        209,656      247,724
Goodwill                                                               20      1,676,875    1,299,741
Intangible assets                                                      22      3,269,431    2,082,728
Deferred tax assets                                                    23         70,632       33,456
Prepayments                                                            27      1,026,776    1,070,540

                                                                              18,859,277   16,965,643

Current assets
Inventories                                                            26      1,484,191    1,370,582
Trade and other receivables                                            27      4,679,486    3,454,589
Amounts due from related companies                                     33         54,723       59,411
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  25        924,169    1,799,961
Pledged bank deposits                                                  28         22,588            –
Cash and cash equivalents                                              28      1,142,370    1,340,979

                                                                               8,307,527    8,025,522

Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                               29      3,936,683    2,928,087
Contract liabilities                                                   30        323,926      242,719
Bank and other borrowings                                              31      2,828,720    3,127,347
Lease liabilities                                                      32         12,646       18,315
Amounts due to related companies                                       33         16,778       13,151
Amount due to the immediate holding company                            35          2,331        2,331
Income tax payable                                                               195,627      241,273

                                                                               7,316,711    6,573,223

Net current assets                                                              990,816     1,452,299

Total assets less current liabilities                                         19,850,093   18,417,942
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025    87


Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at 31 December 2025

                                                                                                    2025                 2024
                                                                                  Notes           HK$’000              HK$’000


Non-current liabilities
Bank and other borrowings                                                           31           1,840,763           1,256,280
Lease liabilities                                                                   32              40,277              40,604
Deferred tax liabilities                                                            34             367,265             300,351
Other payables                                                                      29             105,798                   –
Deferred income                                                                     36             316,305             295,369

                                                                                                 2,670,408           1,892,604

Net assets                                                                                     17,179,685           16,525,338

Capital and reserves attributable to owners of the Company
Share capital                                                                       37             35,496               35,496
Reserves                                                                                       16,981,543           16,437,714

Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                   17,017,039           16,473,210
Non-controlling interests                                                                         162,646               52,128

Total equity                                                                                   17,179,685           16,525,338


The consolidated financial statements on pages 85 to 216 were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors of the
Company on 26 March 2026 and are signed on its behalf by:




                         Tang Weikun                                                       Zhou Chao
                           Director                                                         Director

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
88              Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2025

                                                                                                             Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                                                                                            Total equity
                                                                                                                                                                                            attributable
                                                                                 Contribution                   Safety                                                                       to owners        Non–
                                                            Share      Share        surplus     Statutory        fund Translation          Other     FVTOCI      Treasury     Retained           of the controlling
                                                           capital   premium        reserve      reserve       reserve      reserve      reserve     reserve       shares        profits     Company       interests        Total
                                                           HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000
                                                                                                  (Note a)     (Note b)                   (Note c)                (Note d)



As at 1 January 2024                                        35,496   6,523,049      121,273       653,043       45,756      (459,765)     (81,686)   (279,173)    (268,503)    8,868,228     15,157,718     112,798     15,270,516

Profit for the year                                             –           –             –             –            –             –            –           –            –     2,468,375      2,468,375       (2,316)    2,466,059
Other comprehensive loss for the year, net of income tax
Fair value change on investment in equity instruments
  at FVTOCI                                                     –           –             –             –            –             –            –    (109,604)           –             –       (109,604)           –      (109,604)
Share of other comprehensive income of associates               –           –             –             –            –             –            –     47,939             –             –         47,939            –       47,939
Exchange difference on translation of foreign operations        –           –             –             –            –      (205,814)           –           –            –             –       (205,814)       4,293      (201,521)

Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year                  –           –             –             –            –      (205,814)           –     (61,665)           –     2,468,375      2,200,896        1,977     2,202,873
Transfer of contractual put option in relation to
  non-controlling interest                                      –           –             –             –            –             –      25,067            –            –             –         25,067      (32,432)       (7,365)
Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 38(a))                        –           –             –             –            –             –            –           –            –             –              –      (12,198)      (12,198)
Dividend paid                                                   –           –             –             –            –             –            –           –            –      (910,471)      (910,471)     (22,705)     (933,176)
Capital from non-controlling interests                          –           –             –             –            –             –            –           –            –             –              –        4,688         4,688
Transfer                                                        –           –             –       118,749        3,222             –            –           –            –      (121,971)             –            –             –

As at 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                   35,496   6,523,049      121,273       771,792       48,978      (665,579)     (56,619)   (340,838)    (268,503)   10,304,161     16,473,210      52,128     16,525,338

Profit for the year                                             –           –             –             –            –             –            –           –            –     1,240,871      1,240,871        3,432     1,244,303
Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year,
  net of income tax
Fair value change on investment in equity instruments
  at FVTOCI                                                     –           –             –             –            –             –            –     (38,034)           –             –        (38,034)           –       (38,034)
Share of other comprehensive loss of associates                 –           –             –             –            –             –            –     (26,759)           –             –        (26,759)           –       (26,759)
Exchange difference on translation of foreign operations        –           –             –             –            –      275,584             –           –            –             –        275,584       (4,636)     270,948

Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                  –           –             –             –            –      275,584             –     (64,793)           –     1,240,871      1,451,662       (1,204)    1,450,458
Transfer of contractual put option in relation to
  non-controlling interest                                      –           –             –             –            –             –        2,638           –            –             –          2,638       (1,372)        1,266
Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 38(a))                        –           –             –             –            –             –            –           –            –             –              –     114,062       114,062
Dividend paid                                                   –           –             –             –            –             –            –           –            –      (910,471)      (910,471)       (968)      (911,439)
Transfer                                                        –           –             –        20,916        3,255             –            –           –            –       (24,171)             –            –             –

As at 31 December 2025                                      35,496   6,523,049      121,273       792,708       52,233      (389,995)     (53,981)   (405,631)    (268,503)   10,610,390     17,017,039     162,646     17,179,685
                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025            89


Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2025

Notes:

a.       Each of the Company’s subsidiary’s Articles of Association in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) requires the appropriation of 10% of its profit
         after tax determined under the relevant accounting principles and financial regulations applicable to companies established in the PRC each year to
         the statutory reserve until the balance reaches 50% of the share capital. The statutory reserve shall only be used for making up losses, capitalisation
         into share capital and expansion of the production and operation.

b.       According to document (Cai Zi 2022 No. 136), entities involved in mining, construction, production of dangerous goods and land transport are
         required to transfer an amount at fixed rates on production volume or operating revenue as safety fund reserve. The safety fund is for future
         enhancement of safety production environment and improvement of facilities and is not available for distribution to shareholders.

c.       Other reserve represents the difference between the consideration paid to or received from non-controlling interests for acquisition and disposal of
         additional equity interest or additional capital injection in a subsidiary without the overall change in the control in that subsidiary and the carrying
         amount of share of net assets being acquired or disposed. During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group has entered into put option
         arrangement with non-controlling interests, pursuant to which the Group will purchase the remaining equity interest in a subsidiary held by non-
         controlling interests at a price, either RMB75,000,000 or 10% of amount calculated at 10.7 times of net profits of acquired subsidiary for preceding full
         year, in the third year, along with the completed acquisition of subsidiary. The difference between carrying amount of non-controlling interests that
         reclassified to liability and fair value of written put option liability is also recognised in the other reserve.

d.       Where any Group’s entity purchases the Group’s equity share capital (treasury shares), the consideration paid, including any directly attributable
         incremental costs (net of income taxes), is deducted from equity attributable to the Group’s equity owners. Where such shares are subsequently
         reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly attributable incremental transaction costs and the related income tax effects, is included in
         equity attributable to the Group’s equity owners. As at 31 December 2025, the Company held 47,761,500 (2024: 47,761,500) treasury shares and the
         aggregate price of the purchased shares was deducted from equity as “Treasury shares reserve” for an amount of approximately HK$268,503,000 (2024:
         HK$268,503,000).


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
90     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2025

                                                                                          2025         2024
                                                                               Notes    HK$’000      HK$’000


Operating activities
Profit before tax                                                                      1,494,081    2,852,363
Adjustments for:
  Amortisation of intangible assets                                             22      183,919       94,061
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                 16      358,918      359,319
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                           17       39,058       50,368
  Finance costs                                                                 10      162,338      180,242
  Recognition of deferred government grant                                      36      (21,813)     (22,229)
  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                             12        1,177          997
  Write-off of property, plant and equipment                                    12        7,883            8
  Write-down of inventories                                                     12       32,966       50,792
  Allowance for expected credit losses recognised in respect of                 12
      trade and other receivables, net                                                   39,617       72,983
  (Reversal of)/allowance for expected credit losses recognised in respect      12
      of amounts due from related companies                                                (899)         395
  Fair value change on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    9       189,313     (675,928)
  Interest income                                                               8        (7,368)      (6,310)
  Share of results of associates                                                        (76,059)    (148,720)
  Net loss/(gain) in fair value of investment properties                       8, 18      4,874       (4,385)
  Gain on bargain purchase                                                     38(a)          –      (54,214)
  Impairment loss recognised in respect of goodwill                             20            –       49,073
  Gain in remeasurement of previously held interest in a subsidiary              8      (60,938)           –

Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                               2,347,067    2,798,815
 (Increase)/decrease in inventories                                                      (51,882)      74,538
 Increase in trade and other receivables                                                (981,117)    (444,395)
 Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables                                         583,628     (174,305)
 Decrease/(increase) in amounts due from related companies                                 7,923       (9,228)
 Increase/(decrease) in amounts due to related companies                                   3,007       (2,938)
 Increase in contract liabilities                                                         68,029       47,223
 Increase in deferred income                                                              26,852       88,627

Cash generated from operations                                                         2,003,507    2,378,337
  Income tax paid                                                                       (353,984)    (480,240)

Net cash generated from operating activities                                           1,649,523    1,898,097
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025     91


Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2025

                                                                                                2025               2024
                                                                                    Notes     HK$’000            HK$’000


Investing activities
  Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                          16      (726,153)          (555,781)
  Purchase of intangible asset                                                       22      (795,953)           (41,254)
  Payments of right-of-use assets                                                                   –            (24,846)
  Acquisition of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                         (3,886)           (11,343)
  Acquisition of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
     income                                                                                         –            (205,669)
  Repayment of advances to associates                                                         154,899              14,953
  (Placement)/withdrawal of pledged bank deposits, net                                        (22,091)             32,625
  Decrease/(increase) in non-current prepayments                                               46,843             (55,864)
  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                       2,756                 971
  Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss             690,535              21,173
  Interest income received                                                                      7,368               6,310
  Net cash outflow on acquisition of subsidiaries                                   38(a)    (321,833)         (1,178,617)

Net cash used in investing activities                                                        (967,515)         (1,997,342)

Financing activities
  Proceeds from new bank and other borrowings                                                4,344,554          4,480,749
  Repayments of bank and other borrowings                                                   (4,206,633)        (3,308,387)
  Repayments of principal portion of lease liabilities                                         (21,652)           (33,674)
  Capital contribution from non-controlling interests                                                –              4,688
  Interest paid                                                                               (156,371)          (180,242)
  Dividends paid                                                                              (910,471)          (910,471)
  Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                     (968)           (22,705)

Net cash (used in)/generated from financing activities                                       (951,541)            29,958

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                    (269,533)           (69,287)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year                                          1,340,979          1,339,708
  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                      70,924             70,558

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                 1,142,370          1,340,979


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
92     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

1.   GENERAL INFORMATION
     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “Company”) is incorporated in Bermuda on 18 October 1995 as an exempted
     company under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda with its shares listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the
     “Stock Exchange”) since 19 December 1995. The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the
     Company are disclosed in “Corporate information” section of the annual report.

     The Company and its subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Group”) are principally engaged in the
     manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical technology products, manufacture and sales of bio-technology products as well as
     manufacture and sales of nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment and cerebro-cardiovascular precision
     interventional diagnosis and treatment technology products, in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

     The directors consider that Outwit Investments Limited (“Outwit”) is the parent company of the Company and China Grand
     Enterprises Incorporation is the ultimate holding company of the Company. The ultimate controlling party is Mr. Hu Kaijun.

     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), which is the same as functional currency
     of the Company, and the functional currency of the most of the subsidiaries in Renminbi (“RMB”). The board of directors
     considered that it is more appropriate to present the consolidated financial statements in HK$ as the shares of the Company
     (the “Shares”) are listed on the Stock Exchange. The consolidated financial statements are presented in thousands of units of
     HK$ (HK$’000), unless otherwise stated.

2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
     Amendments to an HKFRS Accounting Standard that are mandatorily effective for the current year
     In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to an HKFRS Accounting Standard as issued by the
     Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the
     Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January 2025 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

     Amendments to HKAS 21                                    Lack of Exchangeability

     The application of the amendments to an HKFRS Accounting Standard in the current year has had no material impact on the
     Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years or on the disclosures set out in these
     consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025        93


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (Continued)
     New and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective
     The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards that have been issued
     but are not yet effective:

     Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial
                                                          Instruments2
     Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                 Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity2
     Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or
                                                          Joint Venture1
     Amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards          Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 112
     HKFRS 18                                          Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements3
     Amendments to HKAS 21                             Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency3

     1
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
     2
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026.
     3
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.

     Except for the new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards mentioned below, the directors of the Company
     anticipate that the application of all other new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards will have no material
     impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.

     HKFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
     HKFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements, which sets out requirements on presentation and disclosures
     in financial statements, will replace HKAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements (“HKAS 1”). This new HKFRS Accounting
     Standards, while carrying forward many of the requirements in HKAS 1, introduces new requirements to present specified
     categories and defined subtotals in the statement of profit or loss; provide disclosures on management-defined performance
     measures in the notes to the financial statements and improve aggregation and disaggregation of information to be
     disclosed in the financial statements. In addition, some HKAS 1 paragraphs have been moved to HKAS 8 Accounting Policies,
     Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors and HKFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures. Minor amendments to HKAS 7
     Statement of Cash Flows and HKAS 33 Earnings per Share are also made.

     HKFRS 18, and amendments to other standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027,
     with early application permitted. HKFRS 18 requires retrospective application with specific transition provisions. The
     application of the new standard is not expected to have significant impact on the financial performance and positions of the
     Group in terms of recognition and measurement. However, it is expected to affect the structure and presentation of the
     consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     Basis of preparation
     The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below.
     These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.
94       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Basis of preparation (Continued)
     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards issued by the
     HKICPA. For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if such
     information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial
     statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
     Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain properties and
     financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting
     policies set out below.

     Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.

     Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
     market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using
     another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the
     characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the
     asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated
     financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of
     HKFRS 2 Share-based Payment, leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 16, Lease and
     measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in HKAS 2
     Inventories or value in use in HKAS 36 Impairment of Assets.

     In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on the degree
     to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value
     measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

     •       Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can
             access at the measurement date;

     •       Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability,
             either directly or indirectly; and

     •       Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

     Basis of consolidation
     The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled by the
     Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

     •       has power over the investee;

     •       is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

     •       has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

     The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one
     or more of the three elements of control listed above.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025        95


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Basis of preparation (Continued)
     When the Group has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the investee when the voting
     rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee unilaterally. The Group
     considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether or not the Group’s voting rights in an investee are
     sufficient to give it power, including:

     •     the size of the Group’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the other vote holders;

     •     potential voting rights held by the Group, other vote holders or other parties;

     •     rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

     •     any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Group has, or does not have, the current ability to direct
           the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, including voting patterns at previous shareholders’
           meetings.

     Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses
     control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are
     included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains
     control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

     Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non–
     controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-
     controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

     When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies in line
     with the Group’s accounting policies.

     All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the
     Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

     Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which represent present
     ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.
96     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Changes in the Group’s interests in existing subsidiaries
     Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the subsidiaries are
     accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant components of equity and the non–
     controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries, including re-attribution of
     relevant reserves between the Group and the non-controlling interests according to the Group’s and the non-controlling
     interests’ proportionate interests.

     Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and the fair value of the
     consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.

     When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the assets and liabilities of that subsidiary and non-controlling interests (if any)
     are derecognised. A gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss and is calculated as the difference between (i) the aggregate of
     the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value of any retained interest and (ii) the carrying amount of the
     assets (including goodwill), and liabilities of the subsidiary attributable to the owners of the Company. All amounts previously
     recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary are accounted for as if the Group had directly
     disposed of the related assets or liabilities of the subsidiary (i.e. reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category
     of equity as specified/permitted by applicable HKFRS Accounting Standards). The fair value of any investment retained in the
     former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for subsequent
     accounting under HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments or, when applicable, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an
     associate or a joint venture.

     Optional concentration test
     The Group can elect to apply an optional concentration test, on a transaction-by-transaction basis, that permits a simplified
     assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not a business. The concentration test is met if substantially
     all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable
     assets. The gross assets under assessment exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred tax assets, and goodwill resulting from
     the effects of deferred tax liabilities. If the concentration test is met, the set of activities and assets is determined not to be a
     business and no further assessment is needed.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025       97


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Business combination
     A business is an integrated set of activities and assets which includes an input and a substantive process that together
     significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired processes are considered substantive if they are critical
     to the ability to continue producing outputs, including an organised workforce with the necessary skills, knowledge, or
     experience to perform the related processes or they significantly contribute to the ability to continue producing outputs and
     are considered unique or scarce or cannot be replaced without significant cost, effort, or delay in the ability to continue
     producing outputs.

     Acquisitions of businesses, other than business combination under common control are accounted for using the acquisition
     method. The consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of
     the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners
     of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs
     are generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

     The identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed must meet the definitions of an asset and a liability in the Conceptual
     Framework for Financial Reporting 2018 issued in June 2018 (the “Conceptual Framework”) except for transactions and
     events within the scope of HKAS 37 Provisions or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 Levies, in which the Group applies HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int
     21 instead of the Conceptual Framework to identify the liabilities it has assumed in a business combination. Contingent
     assets are not recognised.

     At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair value, except
     that:

     •     deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are recognised and
           measured in accordance with HKAS 12 Income Taxes and HKAS 19 Employee Benefits respectively;

     •     liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or share-based payment
           arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree are measured
           in accordance with HKFRS 2 at the acquisition date (see the accounting policy below);

     •     assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with HKFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for
           Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that standard; and

     •     lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments (as defined in
           HKFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except for leases for which (a) the lease
           term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the underlying asset is of low value. Right-of-use assets are
           recognised and measured at the same amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or
           unfavourable terms of the lease when compared with market terms.

     Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests
     in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any) over the net amount
     of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as at acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net amount of
     the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any
     non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in the acquiree (if any),
     the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.
98     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Business combination (Continued)
     Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of the
     relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially measured at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate
     share of the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets or at fair value. The choice of measurement basis is
     made on a transaction-by-transaction basis. Other types of non-controlling interests are measured at their fair value.

     When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes a contingent consideration
     arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its acquisition-date fair value and included as part of the
     consideration transferred in a business combination. Changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration that qualify as
     measurement period adjustments are adjusted retrospectively. Measurement period adjustments are adjustments that arise
     from additional information obtained during the “measurement period” (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition
     date) about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.

     The subsequent accounting for the contingent consideration that do not qualify as measurement period adjustments
     depends on how the contingent consideration is classified. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not
     remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity. Contingent
     consideration that is classified as an asset or a liability is remeasured to fair value at subsequent reporting dates, with the
     corresponding gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss.

     When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured
     to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date when the Group obtains control), and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is
     recognised in profit or loss or other comprehensive income, as appropriate. Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree
     prior to the acquisition date that have previously been recognised in other comprehensive income and measured under
     HKFRS 9 would be accounted for on the same basis as would be required if the Group had disposed directly of the previously
     held equity interest.

     If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the
     combination occurs, the Group reports provisional amounts for the items for which the accounting is incomplete. Those
     provisional amounts are adjusted retrospectively during the measurement period (see above), and additional assets or
     liabilities are recognised, to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition
     date that, if known, would have affected the amounts recognised at that date.

     Acquisition of a subsidiary not constituting a business
     When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a business, the Group identifies and
     recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating the purchase price first identifiable
     assets which are subsequently measured under fair value model and financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective fair
     values, the remaining balance of the purchase price is then allocated to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the
     basis of their relative fair values at the date of purchase. Such a transaction does not give rise to goodwill or bargain purchase
     gain.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025       99


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Put option over non-controlling interests
     A put option held by non-controlling interests, whereby the holder of the put option can require the Group to acquire the
     non-controlling interests’s shareholding in the subsidiary at a future date, the Group examines the nature of such a put
     option. The Group assesses whether or not the non-controlling interests continues to have a present ownership interest in
     the shares subject to the put option. Present ownership interest can be evidenced by non-controlling interests continuing to
     have a right to the receipt of dividends, or benefiting from increases in net assets while holding a voting entitlement to the
     shares subject to the put option. If it is deemed that the put option holders continue to have a present ownership interest,
     the Group applies the partial recognition of NCI method and recognise the amount that would have been recognised for the
     non-controlling interest, including its share of profit or losses, dividends and other changes, as a liability. The Group
     recognises a financial liability in accordance with HKAS 32 being the estimate of the fair value of the consideration to acquire
     the non-controlling interests shares that are subject to the put option and records this in “other reserve” in equity. Any
     changes in the fair value of the financial liability are reflected as a movement in other reserve.

     If the non-controlling interests’s put option is exercised, the same treatment is applied up to the date of exercise. The
     amount recognised as the financial liability at that date is extinguished by the payment of the exercise price.

     Goodwill
     Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of the business (see
     the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

     For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units (or group of cash-
     generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, which represent the lowest level at
     which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

     A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment
     annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition in
     an annual period, the cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is
     tested for impairment before the end of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the
     impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro-rata
     basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of cash-generating units).

     On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group of cash-generating
     units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount of profit or loss on disposal. When
     the Group disposes of an operation within the cash-generating unit (or a cash-generating unit within a group of cash–
     generating units), the amount of goodwill disposed of is measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the
     cash-generating unit) disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit (or the group of cash-generating units)
     retained, unless the Group can demonstrate that some other method better reflect the goodwill associated with the
     operation disposed of.

     The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate is described below.
100    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      Investments in associates
      An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in
      the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over those policies.

      The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in these consolidated financial statements using the equity
      method of accounting, The financial statements of associates used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using
      uniform accounting policies as those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances. The associate
      uses accounting policies that differ from those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances.
      Appropriate adjustments have been made to conform the associate’s accounting policies to those of the Group. Under the
      equity method, an investment in an associate is initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost
      and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate.
      When the Group’s share of losses of an associate exceeds the Group’s interest in that associate (which includes any long-term
      interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate), the Group discontinues recognising its
      share of further losses. Additional losses are provided for, and a liability is recognised only to the extent that the Group has
      incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.

      An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the investee becomes an
      associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of
      the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within
      the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and
      liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in
      which the investment is acquired.

      The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may be impaired. When any
      objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in
      accordance with HKAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less
      costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill,
      that forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance
      with HKAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases. The Group applies HKFRS
      9, including the impairment requirements, to long-term interests in an associate to which the equity method is not applied
      and which form part of the net investment in the investee. Furthermore, in applying HKFRS 9 to long-term interests, the
      Group does not take into account adjustments to their carrying amount required by HKAS 28 (i.e. adjustments to the carrying
      amount of long-term interests arising from the allocation of losses of the investee or assessment of impairment in
      accordance with HKAS 28).

      When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest
      in the investee with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. When the Group retains an interest in the
      former associate and the retained interest is a financial asset within the scope of HKFRS 9, the Group measures the retained
      interest at fair value at that date and the fair value is regarded as its fair value on initial recognition. The difference between
      the carrying amount of the associate and the fair value of any retained interest and any proceeds from disposing of the
      relevant interest in the associate is included in the determination of the gain or loss on disposal of the associate. In addition,
      the Group accounts for all amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that associate on
      the same basis as would be required if that associate had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. Therefore, if a
      gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income by that associate would be reclassified to profit or loss on
      the disposal of the related assets or liabilities, the Group reclassifies the gain or loss from equity to profit or loss (as a
      reclassification adjustment) upon disposal/partial disposal of the relevant associate.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025      101


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Investments in associates (Continued)
     When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the transactions with the
     associate are recognised in the consolidated financial statements only to the extent of interests in the associate that are not
     related to the Group.

     Changes in the Group’s interests in associates
     The Group continues to use the equity method when an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint
     venture or an investment in a joint venture becomes an investment in an associate. There is no remeasurement to fair value
     upon such changes in ownership interests.

     When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate but the Group continues to use the equity method, the Group
     reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or loss that had previously been recognised in other comprehensive
     income relating to that reduction in ownership interest if that gain or loss would be reclassified to profit or loss on the
     disposal of the related assets or liabilities.

     Revenue from contracts with customers
     The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of the goods or services
     underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

     A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series of distinct
     goods or services that are substantially the same.

     Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete
     satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

     •     the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the Group
           performs;

     •     the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or

     •     the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an
           enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

     Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or service.

     A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has
     transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in accordance with HKFRS 9. In contrast,
     a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before
     payment of that consideration is due.
102    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
      A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has
      received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

      A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and presented on a net basis.

      For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations, the Group allocates the transaction price to each
      performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis.

      Sale of goods
      Revenue from manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical technology products, bio-technology products as well as nuclear
      medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment and cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment
      technology products are recognised at point in time when carrier designated by the customer, or after the customer’s
      acceptance or after control transfer to customer. The credit period granted to customers by the Group is determined based
      on the characteristics of customers’ credit risk, which is consistent with industry practice and there is no significant financing
      component. The Group’s obligations to transfer goods to customers for consideration received or receivable from customers
      are shown as contract liabilities.

      Dividend income
      Dividend income from investments is recognised at point in time when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been
      established (provided that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Group and the amount of revenue can
      be measured reliably).

      Interest income
      Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset except
      for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit impaired financial assets, the effective interest rate is
      applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after deduction of the loss allowance). Interest income is presented
      as “interest income” where it is mainly earned from financial assets that are held for cash management purposes.

      Rental income
      The Group’s accounting policy for recognition of revenue from operating leases is described in the accounting policy below.

      Leasing
      The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under HKFRS 16 at inception of the
      contract. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed. As
      a practical expedient, leases with similar characteristics are accounted on a portfolio basis when the Group reasonably
      expects that the effects on the consolidated financial statements would not differ materially from individual leases within the
      portfolio.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025      103


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Leasing (Continued)
     The Group as a lessee

     Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

     For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the Group
     allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease
     component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

     The Group applies practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease component, and instead account
     for the lease component and any associated non-lease components as a single lease component.

     Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

     The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the
     commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also applies the recognition exemption for lease of low– value
     assets. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight– line
     basis unless another systematic basis is more representative of the time pattern in which economic benefits from the leased
     assets are consumed.

     Right-of-use assets

     The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

     •     the amounts of the initial measurement of the lease liabilities;

     •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;

     •     any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

     •     an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets, restoring the site
           on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the
           lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce inventories.

     Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any
     remeasurement of lease liabilities.

     Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased assets at the end
     of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets are
     depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term.

     The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.
104       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      Leasing (Continued)
      The Group as a lessee (Continued)

      Refundable rental deposits

      Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments to fair value at
      initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

      Lease liabilities

      At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the present value of lease
      payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental
      borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. The
      incremental borrowing rate depends on the term, currency and start date of the lease and is determined based on a series of
      inputs including: the risk-free rate based on government bond rates; a country-specific risk adjustment; a credit risk
      adjustment based on bond yields; and an entity-specific adjustment whether the risk profile of the entity that enters into the
      lease is different to that of the Group and whether the lease benefit from a guarantee from the Group.

      Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise:

      •       fixed lease payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;

      •       variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate, initially measured using the index or rate at the
              commencement date;

      •       the amount expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees;

      •       the exercise price of purchase options, if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise the options; and

      •       payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the exercise of an option to terminate the
              lease.

      After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

      The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use assets) whenever:

      •       the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option, in which case the
              related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the date
              of reassessment.

      •       the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review/expected payment
              under a guaranteed residual value, in which cases the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised
              lease payments using the initial discount rate.

      •       a lease contract is modified and the lease modification is not accounted for as a separate lease.

      The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025      105


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Leasing (Continued)
     The Group as a lessee (Continued)

     Lease modifications
     The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

     •     the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying assets; and

     •     the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the standalone price for the increase in
           scope and any appropriate adjustments to that standalone price to reflect the circumstances of the particular contract.

     For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability, less any lease
     incentives receivable, based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a
     revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

     The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to the relevant right–
     of-use asset.

     When the modified contract contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the
     Group allocates the consideration in the modified contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone
     price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

     The Group as a lessor

     Classification and measurement of leases
     Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. Whenever the terms of the lease transfer
     substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to the lessee, the contract is classified as
     a finance lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases.

     Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognised as receivables at commencement date at amounts equal to
     net investments in the leases, measured using the interest rate implicit in the respective leases. Initial direct costs (other than
     those incurred by manufacturer or dealer lessors) are included in the initial measurement of the net investments in the
     leases./Initial direct costs for leases in which the Group is the manufacturer or dealer lessor are recognised in costs of sales at
     the commencement date of the finance leases. Interest income is allocated to accounting periods so as to reflect a constant
     periodic rate of return on the Group’s net investment outstanding in respect of the leases.

     Rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease.
     Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased
     asset, and such costs are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term except for investment
     properties measured under fair value model. Variable lease payments for operating leases that depend on an index or a rate
     are estimated and included in the total lease payments to be recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Variable
     lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income when they arise. When a lease contract
     contains a specific clause that provides for rent reduction or suspension of rent in the event that the underlying assets (or
     any part thereof) are affected by adverse events beyond the control of the Group and the lessee so as to render the
     underlying assets unfit or not available for use, the relevant rent reduction or suspension of rent resulting from the specific
     clause is accounted for as part of the original lease and not as a lease modification. Such rent reduction or suspension of rent
     is recognised in profit or loss in the period in which the event or condition that triggers those payments to occur.
106    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      Leasing (Continued)
      The Group as a lessor (Continued)

      Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

      When a contract includes both leases and non-lease components, the Group applies HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with
      Customers to allocate consideration in a contract to lease and non-lease components. Non-lease components are separated
      from lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone selling prices.

      Refundable rental deposits

      Refundable rental deposits received are accounted for under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments to fair
      value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments from lessees.

      Sublease

      When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for the head lease and the sublease as two separate contracts. The
      sublease is classified as a finance or operating lease by reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease, not
      with reference to the underlying asset.

      Lease modification

      Changes in considerations of lease contracts that were not part of the original terms and conditions are accounted for as
      lease modifications, including lease incentives provided through forgiveness or reduction of rentals.

      The Group accounts for a modification to an operating lease as a new lease from the effective date of the modification,
      considering any prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to the original lease as part of the lease payments for the new
      lease.

      Foreign currencies
      In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the functional
      currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchanges prevailing on the dates of the
      transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the
      rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are
      retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. When a fair value gain or loss on a non–
      monetary item is recognised in profit or loss, any exchange component of that gain or loss is also recognised in profit or loss.
      When a fair value gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in other comprehensive income, any exchange
      component of that gain or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income. Non-monetary items that are measured in
      terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

      Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items, are
      recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise, except for exchange differences on monetary items receivable
      from or payable to a foreign operation for which settlement is neither planned nor likely to occur in the foreseeable future
      (therefore forming part of the net investment in the foreign operation), which are recognised initially in other comprehensive
      income and reclassified from equity to profit or loss on disposal or partial disposal of the Group’s interests in associates.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025       107


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Foreign currencies (Continued)
     For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s operations are
     translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. HK$) using exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting
     period. Income and expenses items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates
     fluctuate significantly during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the date of transactions are used. Exchange
     differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the heading of
     translation reserve (attributed to non-controlling interests as appropriate).

     On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in a foreign operation, or a disposal
     involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, or a partial disposal of an interest in a joint
     arrangement or an associate that includes a foreign operation of which the retained interest becomes a financial asset), all of
     the exchange differences accumulated in equity in respect of that operation attributable to the owners of the Company are
     reclassified to profit or loss.

     In addition, in relation to a partial disposal of a subsidiary that does not result in the Group losing control over the subsidiary,
     the proportionate share of accumulated exchange differences are re-attributed to non-controlling interests and are not
     recognised in profit or loss. For all other partial disposals (i.e. partial disposals of associates or joint arrangements that do not
     result in the Group losing significant influence or joint control), the proportionate share of the accumulated exchange
     differences is reclassified to profit or loss.

     Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an acquisition of a foreign operation are
     treated as assets and liabilities of that foreign operation and translated at the rate of exchange prevailing at the end of each
     reporting period. Exchange differences arising are recognised in other comprehensive income.

     Borrowing costs
     All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

     Government grants
     Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions
     attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

     Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group recognises as
     expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Specifically, government grants whose primary
     condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire non-current assets are recognised as deferred
     income/a deduction from the carrying amount of the relevant asset in the consolidated statement of financial position and
     transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related assets.

     Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the
     purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the
     period in which they become receivable. Such grants are presented under “other income, gains and losses, net”.

     The benefit of a government loan at a below-market rate of interest is treated as a government grant, measured as the
     difference between proceeds received and the fair value of the loan based on prevailing market interest rates.
108    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      Taxation
      Income tax expense represents the sum of current and deferred income tax expense.

      The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit/(loss) before tax because of
      income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s
      liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the
      reporting period.

      Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the
      consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax
      liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all
      deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those
      deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary
      difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction
      that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit and at the time of the transaction does not give rise to equal
      taxable and deductible temporary differences. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the temporary
      difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.

      Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and
      associates, and interests in joint ventures, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference
      and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from
      deductible temporary differences associated with such investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is
      probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and
      they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

      The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it
      is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the liability
      is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end
      of the reporting period.

      The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in
      which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and
      liabilities.

      For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for investment properties that are measured using the fair value model, the
      carrying amounts of such properties are presumed to be recovered entirely through sale, unless the presumption is rebutted.
      The presumption is rebutted when the investment property is depreciable and is held within a business model whose
      objective is to consume substantially all of the economic benefits embodied in the investment property over time, rather
      than through sale, except for freehold land, which is always presumed to be recovered entirely through sale.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025      109


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Taxation (Continued)
     For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the right-of-use assets and
     the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets
     or the lease liabilities.

     For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies HKAS 12
     requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately. The Group recognises a deferred tax asset related to lease
     liabilities to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary
     difference can be utilised and a deferred tax liability for all taxable temporary differences.

     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against
     current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

     Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised in other
     comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also recognised in other
     comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting
     for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.

     In assessing any uncertainty over income tax treatments, the Group considers whether it is probable that the relevant tax
     authority will accept the uncertain tax treatment used, or proposed to be use by individual group entities in their income tax
     filings. If it is probable, the current and deferred taxes are determined consistently with the tax treatment in the income tax
     filings. If it is not probable that the relevant taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment, the effect of each
     uncertainty is reflected by using either the most likely amount or the expected value.

     Property, plant and equipment
     Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of goods or services, or
     for administrative purposes. Property, plant and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at
     cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.

     Freehold lands are not depreciated and are measured at cost less subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

     Properties in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are carried at cost, less any
     recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition
     necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management, including costs of testing whether the
     related assets is functioning properly and, for qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalised in accordance with the Group’s
     accounting policy. Sale proceeds of items that are produced while bringing an item of property, plant and equipment to the
     location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management (such as samples
     produced when testing whether the asset is functioning properly), and the related costs of producing those items are
     recognised in the profit or loss. The cost of those items are measured in accordance with the measurement requirements of
     HKAS 2. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets are ready for
     their intended use.
110    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      Ownership interests in leasehold land and building
      When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which includes both leasehold land and building
      elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the building elements in proportion to the
      relative fair values at initial recognition. To the extent the allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably, interest in
      leasehold land is presented as “right-of-use assets” in the consolidated statement of financial position except for those that
      are classified and accounted for as investment properties under the fair value model. When the consideration cannot be
      allocated reliably between non-lease building element and undivided interest in the underlying leasehold land, the entire
      properties are classified as property, plant and equipment.

      Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets other than freehold land and properties under construction
      less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives, residual
      values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate
      accounted for on a prospective basis.

      An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected
      to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property,
      plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and
      is recognised in profit or loss.

      Investment properties
      Investment properties are properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation.

      Investment properties also include leased properties which are being recognised as right-of-use assets and subleased by the
      Group under operating leases.

      Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including any directly attributable expenditure. Subsequent to initial
      recognition, investment properties are measured at fair value, adjusted to exclude any prepaid or accrued operating lease
      income.

      Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of investment properties are included in profit or loss for the period in
      which they arise.

      Construction costs incurred for investment properties under construction are capitalised as part of the carrying amount of
      the investment properties under construction.

      An investment property is derecognised upon disposal or when the investment property is permanently withdrawn from use
      and no future economic benefits are expected from its disposal. A leased property which is recognised as a right-of-use asset
      is derecognised if the Group as intermediate lessor classifies the sublease as a finance lease. Any gain or loss arising on
      derecognition of the property (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of
      the asset) is included in profit or loss in the period in which the property is derecognised.
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025   111


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Intangible assets
     Intangible assets acquired separately

     Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less accumulated amortisation and
     any accumulated impairment losses/revalued amounts, being their fair value at the date of the revaluation less subsequent
     accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets with finite useful lives
     is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are
     reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a
     prospective basis. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less any
     subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

     Internally-generated intangible assets – research and development expenditure

     Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

     An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development phase of an internal
     project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:

     •     the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;

     •     the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

     •     the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;

     •     how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;

     •     the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use or sell the
           intangible asset; and

     •     the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development.

     The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure incurred from the date
     when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no internally-generated intangible asset can
     be recognised, development expenditure is recognised in profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.

     Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less accumulated amortisation
     and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately.
112    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      Intangible assets acquired in a business combination
      Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and are initially recognised at
      their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

      Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite useful lives are reported at
      costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses/revalued amounts, being their fair value at the
      date of the revaluation less subsequent accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses, on the same
      basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately. Intangible assets acquired in a business combination with indefinite
      useful lives are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

      An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from use or disposal.
      Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the difference between the net disposal
      proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.

      Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets other than
      goodwill
      At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and equipment, right-of–
      use assets, intangible assets with finite useful lives to determine whether there is any indication that these assets have
      suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order
      to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and intangible assets not
      yet available for use are tested for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an indication that they may be
      impaired.

      The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, and intangible assets are estimated
      individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group estimates the recoverable
      amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

      In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant cash-generating unit when a
      reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of
      cash generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be established. The recoverable amount is
      determined for the cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is
      compared with the carrying amount of the relevant cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units.

      Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated
      future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments
      of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a cash-generating unit) for which the estimates of future
      cash flows have not been adjusted.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025       113


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets other than
     goodwill (Continued)
     If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying
     amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. For corporate assets or portion of
     corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis to a cash-generating unit, the Group
     compares the carrying amount of a group of cash-generating units, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets
     or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group of cash-generating units, with the recoverable amount of the group of
     cash-generating units. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount
     of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in
     the unit or the group of cash-generating units. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair
     value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that
     would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of cash-
     generating units. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a
     revalued amount under another standard, in which case the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation decrease under that
     standard.

     Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit or a group of
     cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying
     amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised
     for the asset (or a cash-generating unit or a group of cash-generating units) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is
     recognised immediately in profit or loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount under another standard, in
     which case the reversal of the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation increase under that standard.

     Inventories
     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are determined on a weighted
     average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less all estimated costs of
     completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly
     attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the sale, including costs to be
     incurred in marketing, selling and distribution.

     Cash and cash equivalents
     Cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of financial position include:

     (a)   cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits, excluding bank balances that are subject to regulatory
           restrictions that result in such balances no longer meeting the definition of cash; and

     (b)   cash equivalents, which comprises of short-term (generally with original maturity of three months or less), highly liquid
           investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of
           changes in value and restricted deposits arising from acquisition of subsidiaries that are held for meeting short– term
           cash commitments. Cash equivalents are held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather than
           for investment or other purposes.
114    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      Cash and cash equivalents (Continued)
      For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and cash equivalents
      as defined above, net of outstanding bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the
      Group’s cash management. Such overdrafts are presented as short-term borrowings in the consolidated statement of
      financial position.

      Provisions
      Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is
      probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the
      obligation.

      The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at
      the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. When a provision
      is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those
      cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is material).

      When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered from a third party, a
      receivable is recognised as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will be received and the amount of the
      receivable can be measured reliably.

      Employee benefit
      Retirement benefit costs

      Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered
      service entitling them to the contributions.

      For defined benefit retirement benefit plans, the cost of providing benefits is determined using the projected unit credit
      method, with actuarial valuations being carried out at the end of each annual reporting period. In determining the present
      value of the Group’s defined benefit obligations and the related current service cost and, where applicable, past service cost,
      the Group attributes benefit to periods of service under the plan’s benefit formula. However, if an employee’s service in later
      years will lead to a materially higher level of benefit than earlier years, the Group attributes the benefit on a straight-line basis
      from:

      (a)   the date when service by the employee first leads to benefits under the plan (whether or not the benefits are
            conditional on further service) until

      (b)   the date when further service by the employee will lead to no material amount of further benefits under the plan,
            other than from further salary increases.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025      115


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Employee benefit (Continued)
     Retirement benefit costs (Continued)

     Remeasurement, comprising actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the changes to the asset ceiling (if applicable) and the
     return on plan assets (excluding interest), is reflected immediately in the consolidated statement of financial position with a
     charge or credit recognised in other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur. Remeasurement recognised
     in other comprehensive income is reflected immediately in retained earnings and will not be reclassified to profit or loss.

     Past service cost is recognised in profit or loss in the period of a plan amendment or curtailment and a gain or loss on
     settlement is recognised when settlement occurs. When determining past service cost, or a gain or loss on settlement, an
     entity shall remeasure the net defined benefit liability or asset using the current fair value of plan assets and current actuarial
     assumptions, reflecting the benefits offered under the plan and the plan assets before and after the plan amendment,
     curtailment or settlement, without considering the effect of asset ceiling (i.e. the present value of any economic benefits
     available in the form of refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan).

     Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate at the beginning of the period to the net defined benefit liability or
     asset. However, if the Group remeasures the net defined benefit liability or asset before plan amendment, curtailment or
     settlement, the Group determines net interest for the remainder of the annual reporting period after the plan amendment,
     curtailment or settlement using the benefits offered under the plan and the plan assets after the plan amendment,
     curtailment or settlement and the discount rate used to remeasure such net defined benefit liability or asset, taking into
     account any changes in the net defined benefit liability or asset during the period resulting from contributions or benefit
     payments.

     Defined benefit costs are categorised as follows:

     •     service cost (including current service cost, past service cost, as well as gains and losses on curtailments and
           settlements);

     •     net interest expense or income; and

     •     remeasurement.
116       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      Employee benefit (Continued)
      Retirement benefit costs (Continued)

      The retirement benefit obligation recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position represents the actual deficit
      or surplus in the Group’s defined benefit plans. Any surplus resulting from this calculation is limited to the present value of
      any economic benefits available in the form of refunds from the plans or reductions in future contributions to the plans.

      Discretionary contributions made by employees or third parties reduce service cost upon payment of these contributions to
      the plan.

      When the formal terms of the plans specify that there will be contributions from employees or third parties, the accounting
      depends on whether the contributions are linked to service, as follows:

      •       If the contributions are not linked to services (for example contributions are required to reduce a deficit arising from
              losses on plan assets or from actuarial losses), they are reflected in the remeasurement of the net defined benefit
              liability or asset.

      •       If contributions are linked to services, they reduce service costs. For the amount of contribution that is dependent on
              the number of years of service, the Group reduces service cost by attributing the contributions to periods of service
              using the attribution method required by HKAS 19 paragraph 70 for the gross benefits. For the amount of contribution
              that is independent of the number of years of service, the Group reduces service cost in the period in which the
              related service is rendered/reduces service cost by attributing contributions to the employees’ periods of service in
              accordance with HKAS 19 paragraph 70.

      For LSP obligation, the Group accounts for the employer MPF contributions expected to be offset as a deemed employee
      contribution towards the LSP obligation in terms of HKAS 19.93(a) and it is measure on a net basis. The estimated amount of
      future benefit is determined after deducting the negative service cost arising from the accrued benefits derived from the
      Group’s MPF contributions that have been vested with employees, which are deemed to be contributions from the relevant
      employees.

      Short-term and other long-term employee benefits

      Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid as and when
      employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense unless another HKFRS
      Accounting Standard requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

      A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries, annual leave and sick leave) after
      deducting any amount already paid.

      Liabilities recognised in respect of other long-term employee benefits are measured at the present value of the estimated
      future cash outflows expected to be made by the Group in respect of services provided by employees up to the reporting
      date. Any changes in the liabilities’ carrying amounts resulting from service cost, interest and remeasurements are recognised
      in profit or loss except to the extent that another HKFRS Accounting Standard requires or permits their inclusion in the cost
      of an asset.
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025        117


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Employee benefit (Continued)
     Termination benefits

     A liability for a termination benefit is recognised at the earlier of when the Group entity can no longer withdraw the offer of
     the termination benefit and when it recognises any related restructuring costs.

     Financial instruments
     Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of
     the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis.
     Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame
     established by regulation or convention in the market place.

     Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising from contracts
     with customers which are initially measured in accordance with HKFRS 15. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to
     the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value
     through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as
     appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial
     liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

     The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability and of
     allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly
     discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral
     part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the
     financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

     Interest/dividend income (others to specify) which are derived from the Group’s ordinary course of business are presented as
     revenue.

     Financial assets

     All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way
     purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established
     generally by regulation or convention in the market place concerned.

     All recognised financial assets are measured subsequently in their entirety at either amortised cost or fair value, depending
     on the classification of the financial assets.

     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

     Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

     •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and

     •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on
           the principal amount outstanding.
118       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      Financial instruments (Continued)
      Financial assets (Continued)

      Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)

      Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other comprehensive
      income (“FVTOCI”):

      •       the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash
              flows and selling the financial assets; and

      •       the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on
              the principal amount outstanding.

      All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial recognition of a financial asset the Group
      may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in other comprehensive income if
      that equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business
      combination to which HKFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.

      A financial asset is held for trading if:

      •       it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

      •       on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages together and
              has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit taking; or

      •       it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a designed and effective hedging instrument.

      In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at the amortised cost or
      FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.

      Amortised cost and interest income

      Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently at amortised
      cost and debt instruments/receivables subsequently measured at FVTOCI. Interest income is calculated by applying the
      effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently
      become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is
      recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period.
      If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired,
      interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from
      the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025      119


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Financial instruments (Continued)
     Financial assets (Continued)
     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)
     Debt instruments classified as at FVTOCI
     Subsequent changes in the carrying amounts for debt instruments classified as at FVTOCI as a result of interest income
     calculated using the effective interest method, and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss. The
     amounts that are recognised in profit or loss are the same as the amounts that would have been recognised in profit or loss
     if these debt instruments had been measured at amortised cost. All other changes in the carrying amount of these debt
     instruments are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated under the heading of FVTOCI reserve.
     Impairment allowances are recognised in profit or loss with corresponding adjustment to other comprehensive income
     without reducing the carrying amounts of these debt instruments. When these debt instruments are derecognised, the
     cumulative gains or losses previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss.


     Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI
     Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from
     changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve; and are not subject
     to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity
     investments, and will be transferred to retained profits.

     Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s right to receive the
     dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Dividends are
     included in the “other revenue and income” line item in profit or loss.

     Financial assets at FVTPL
     Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or designated as FVTOCI are
     measured at FVTPL.

     Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair value gains or losses
     recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss includes any dividend or interest earned on the
     financial asset and is included in the “fair value change on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss” line item.

     Impairment of financial assets
     The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial assets (including trade and
     other receivables, pledge bank deposits, amount due from related companies and cash and cash equivalents), which are
     subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in
     credit risk since initial recognition.

     Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the relevant
     instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from
     default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessments are done based on the Group’s
     historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an
     assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.

     The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables, contract assets and lease receivables.

     For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless there has been a significant
     increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether
     lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial
     recognition.
120       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      Financial instruments (Continued)
      Financial assets (Continued)

      Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

      Significant increase in credit risk

      In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of a
      default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial
      instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and
      qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information
      that is available without undue cost or effort.

      In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased significantly:

      •       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or internal credit
              rating;

      •       significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in the credit spread, the
              credit default swap prices for the debtor;

      •       existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a
              significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

      •       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

      •       an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological environment of the
              debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.

      Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has increased significantly
      since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and
      supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

      The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a significant increase
      in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit
      risk before the amount becomes past due.

      Definition of default

      For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information developed internally
      or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full
      (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).

      Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than 90 days past due
      unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more
      appropriate.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025     121


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Financial instruments (Continued)
     Financial assets (Continued)

     Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

     Credit-impaired financial assets

     A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash
     flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about
     the following events:

     (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

     (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

     (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial difficulty, having
           granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider;

     (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;

     (e)   the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties; or

     (f)   the purchase or origination of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects the incurred credit losses.

     Write-off policy

     The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe financial
     difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the counterparty has been placed under
     liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of trade receivables, when the amounts are over 1
     years past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the
     Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition
     event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.

     Measurement and recognition of ECL

     The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is
     a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based on
     historical data and forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount
     that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

     Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the
     contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial
     recognition.

     Lifetime ECL for certain trade receivables are considered on a collective basis taking into consideration past due information
     and relevant credit information such as forward-looking macroeconomic information.
122       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      Financial instruments (Continued)
      Financial assets (Continued)

      Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

      Measurement and recognition of ECL (Continued )

      For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics when formulating the grouping:

      •       Past-due status;

      •       Nature, size and industry of debtors; and

      •       External credit ratings where available.

      The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue to share similar credit
      risk characteristics.

      Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset is credit–
      impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of the financial asset.

      The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting their carrying
      amount, with the exception of trade and other receivables, loan receivables and amount due from related companies where
      the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.

      Foreign exchange gains and losses

      The carrying amount of financial assets that are denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign currency
      and translated at the spot rate at the end of each reporting period. Specifically:

      •       For financial assets measured at amortised cost that are not part of a designated hedging relationship, exchange
              differences are recognised in profit or loss in the “Other gains and losses” line item as part of the net foreign exchange
              gains/(losses);

      •       For debt instruments measured at FVTOCI that are not part of a designated hedging relationship, exchange differences
              on the amortised cost of the debt instrument are recognised in profit or loss in the “Other gains and losses” line item
              as part of the net foreign exchange gains/(losses). As the foreign currency element recognised in profit or loss is the
              same as if it was measured at amortised cost, the residual foreign currency element based on the translation of the
              carrying amount (at fair value) is recognised in other comprehensive income in the fair value through other
              comprehensive income/revaluation reserve;

      •       For financial assets measured at FVTPL that are not part of a designated hedging relationship, exchange differences are
              recognised in profit or loss in the “Other gains and losses” line item as part of the gain/(loss) from changes in fair value
              of financial assets;

      •       For equity instruments measured at FVTOCI, exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income in
              the fair value through other comprehensive income/revaluation reserve.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025      123


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Financial instruments (Continued)
     Financial liabilities and equity

     Classification as debt or equity

     Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of the
     contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

     Equity instruments

     An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its
     liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

     Perpetual instruments, which include no contractual obligation for the Group to deliver cash or other financial assets or the
     Group has the sole discretion to defer payment of distribution and redemption of principal amount indefinitely are classified
     as equity instruments.

     Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity. No gain or loss is
     recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own equity instruments.

     Financial liabilities

     All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method or at FVTPL.

     Financial liabilities at FVTPL

     Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) contingent consideration of an acquirer in a
     business combination to which HKFRS 3 applies, (ii) held for trading or (iii) it is designated as at FVTPL.

     A financial liability is held for trading if:

     •      it has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or

     •      on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages together and
            has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

     •      it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective hedging
            instrument.
124       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      Financial instruments (Continued)
      Financial liabilities and equity (Continued)

      Financial liabilities at FVTPL (Continued)

      A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading or contingent consideration of an acquirer in a business
      combination may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial recognition if:

      •       such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would otherwise
              arise; or

      •       the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both, which is managed and its
              performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with the Group’s documented risk management or
              investment strategy, and information about the grouping is provided internally on that basis; or

      •       it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and HKFRS 9 permits the entire combined
              contract to be designated as at FVTPL.

      For financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of changes in the fair value of the financial liability that is
      attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognised in other comprehensive income, unless the recognition
      of the effects of changes in the liability’s credit risk in other comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting
      mismatch in profit or loss. For financial liabilities that contain embedded derivatives, the changes in fair value of the
      embedded derivatives are excluded in determining the amount to be presented in other comprehensive income. Changes in
      fair value attributable to a financial liability’s credit risk that are recognised in other comprehensive income are not
      subsequently reclassified to profit or loss; instead, they are transferred to retained profits upon derecognition of the financial
      liability.

      Financial liabilities at amortised cost

      Financial liabilities (including bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities, trade payables, accruals and other payables,
      amounts due to related companies and amount due to the immediate holding company) are subsequently measured at
      amortised cost, using the effective interest method.

      Foreign exchange gains and losses

      For financial liabilities that are denominated in a foreign currency and are measured at amortised cost at the end of each
      reporting period, the foreign exchange gains and losses are determined based on the amortised cost of the instruments.
      These foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in the “Other gains and losses” line item in profit or loss as part of
      net foreign exchange gains/(losses) for financial liabilities that are not part of a designated hedging relationship. For those
      which are designated as a hedging instrument for a hedge of foreign currency risk, foreign exchange gains and losses are
      recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in a separate component of equity.

      The fair value of financial liabilities denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign currency and translated
      at the spot rate at the end of the reporting period. For financial liabilities that are measured as at FVTPL, the foreign exchange
      component forms part of the fair value gains or losses and is recognised in profit or loss for financial liabilities that are not
      part of a designated hedging relationship.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025      125


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Financial instruments (Continued)
     Derecognition of financial assets and liabilities

     The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when it
     transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group
     neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset,
     the Group recognises its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group
     retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise
     the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.

     On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and
     the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

     On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition to measure at
     FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is
     transferred to retained earnings.

     The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged, cancelled or have
     expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and
     payable is recognised in the profit or loss.

     Derivative financial instruments

     Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date when derivative contracts are entered into and are subsequently
     remeasured to their fair value at the end of the reporting period. The resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.

     A derivative is presented as a non-current asset or a non-current liability if the remaining maturity of the instrument is more
     than 12 months and it is not due to be realised or settled within 12 months. Other derivatives are presented as current assets
     or current liabilities.
126     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      Related parties
      A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

      (i)    A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

             (a)   has control or joint control over the Group;

             (b)   has significant influence over the Group; or

             (c)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group.

      (ii)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

             (a)   the entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow
                   subsidiary is related to the others);

             (b)   one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of the
                   group of which the other entity is a member);

             (c)   both entities are joint ventures of the same third party;

             (d)   one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;

             (e)   the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity
                   related to the Group;

             (f)   the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

             (g)   a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management
                   personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); or

             (h)   the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the
                   Group or to the parent of the Group.

      Close family members of an individual are those family members who may be expected to influence, or he influence by, that
      person in their dealing with the and include:

      (a)    that person’s children and spouse or domestic partner;

      (b)    children of that person’s spouse or domestic partner; and

      (c)    dependants of the person or that person’s spouse or domestic partner.

      A transaction is considered to be a related party transaction when there is a transfer of resources or obligations between
      related parties.
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025       127


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Segment reporting
     Operating segments and the amounts of each segment item reported in the consolidated financial statements are identified
     from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s top management for the purposes of allocating resources to
     and assessing the performance of the Group’s various lines of business.

     Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the segments have
     similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of business activities.

     Segment revenue, expenses, results and assets include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those that can be
     allocated on a reasonable basis to that segment, but exclude exceptional items. Segment capital expenditure is the total cost
     incurred during the year to acquire segment assets (both tangible and intangible) that are expected to be used for more
     than one year. Corporate portions of expenses and assets mainly comprise corporate administrative and financing expenses
     and corporate financial assets respectively.

     Share-based payments
     Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

     Shares/Share options granted to employees

     Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured at the fair value of the
     equity instruments at the grant date.

     The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without taking into consideration all
     non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of
     equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (share-based payments reserve). At the
     end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest based on
     assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is
     recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment
     to the share-based payments reserve.

     Cash-settled share-based payment transactions

     For cash-settled share-based payments, a liability is recognised for the goods or services acquired, measured initially at the
     fair value of the liability. The fair value of the cash-settled share-based payments is determined without taking into
     consideration all non-market vesting conditions.

     At the end of each reporting period until the liability is settled, and at the date of settlement, the liability is remeasured to fair
     value. For cash-settled share-based payments that are already vested, any changes in fair value are recognised in profit or loss
     for the year. For cash-settled share-based payments which are still subject to non-market vesting conditions, the effects of
     vesting and non-vesting conditions are accounted on the same basis as equity-settled share-based payments.
128    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
      In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the directors of the Company are
      required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not
      readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions are based on historical experience and other
      factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

      The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
      recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the
      revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

      Critical judgements in applying accounting policies
      The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that management has made in
      the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised
      in the consolidated financial statement.

      Significant influence over individual company

      Note 19 describes that Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd. is an associate of the Group although the Group has 57.98% ownership
      interest in Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 and the remaining 42.02% of shareholdings were
      owned by CDH Genetech that is a related party of the Group. Details of Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd. are set out in note 19.

      Note 19 describes that Shanghai Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Company Limited is an associate of the Group although the
      Group has 55% ownership interest in Shanghai Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Company Limited. The Group has a 55%
      ownership in Shanghai Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Company Limited since September 2018; another 45% of
      shareholdings are owned by another shareholder that are unrelated to the Group. Details of Shanghai Xudong Haipu
      Pharmaceutical Company Limited are set out in note 19.

      The directors of the Company assessed whether the Group has control over Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd. and Shanghai
      Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Company Limited (the “Associates”) based on whether the Group controls these Associates
      when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the Associates and has the ability to affect
      those returns through its power over the Associates. As such, the classification of the entity as a subsidiary, a joint venture, a
      joint operation, an associate or a cost investment might require the application of judgement through the analysis of various
      indicators, such as the percentage of ownership interest held in the entity, the representation on the entity’s board of
      directors and various other factors including, if relevant, the Group’s representation on the chief decision-making authorities
      of an entity, such as board of directors’ meetings and shareholders’ meetings, as well as other facts and circumstances. After
      assessment, the directors of the Company concluded that the Group does not have sufficiently dominant voting interest to
      direct the relevant activities of Associates and therefore the Group does not have control over Associates.

      Key sources of estimation uncertainty
      The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of
      the reporting period that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and
      liabilities within the next financial year.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025      129


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
     Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
     Valuation of inventories

     Valuation of inventories is stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value at the end of the reporting period. Net
     realisable value is determined on the basis of the estimated selling price less the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
     The directors estimate the net realisable value for raw materials and finished goods based primarily on the latest invoice
     prices and current market conditions. In addition, the directors perform an inventory review on a product by product basis at
     the end of each reporting period and assess the need for write down of inventories.

     Impairment of goodwill

     Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the value in use of the cash-generating units to which
     goodwill has been allocated. The value in use calculation requires the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected to
     be arisen from the cash-generating unit and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value.

     The carrying amount of goodwill as at 31 December 2025 was approximately HK$1,676,875,000 (2024: HK$1,299,741,000). No
     impairment loss (2024: HK$49,073,000) was recognised for the year. Details of the impairment assessment are disclosed in
     note 20.

     Impairment of intangible assets

     The Group performs annual tests on whether there is impairment of intangible assets in accordance with the accounting
     policy. The recoverable amounts are determined based on value in use calculations of CGUs to which intangible assets are
     allocated. These calculations require the use of estimates and assumptions made by management on the future operation of
     the business, post-tax discount rates, and other assumptions underlying the calculation.

     The carrying amount of intangible assets as at 31 December 2025 was approximately HK$3,269,431,000 (2024:
     HK$2,082,728,000). Detailed information is disclosed in note 22.

     Provision of ECL for trade and other receivables and amounts due from related companies

     The Group estimates the loss allowance for trade receivables using ECL model in accordance with HKFRS 9. Under the model,
     the Group assesses lifetime ECL individually for trade receivables with significant balances or credit impaired balances and/or
     collectively using a provision matrix with appropriate age groupings for the remaining debtors. The management takes into
     consideration, inter alia, the historical default rates, past due status, general economic conditions and an assessment of both
     the current conditions at the report date as well as the forward-looking information specific to the debtors.

     The Group uses three-stage model to calculate ECL for the other receivables and amounts due from related companies. The
     provision rates are based on internal credit ratings as groupings of various debtors that have similar loss patterns. The three-
     stage model is based on the Group’s historical default rates taking into consideration forward-looking information that is
     reasonable, supportable and available without undue costs or effort. At every reporting date, the historical observed default
     rates are reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information are considered. In addition, other receivables and
     amounts due from related companies with significant balances and credit impaired balances are assessed for ECL
     individually.

     The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. The information about the ECL and the Group’s trade and other
     receivables and amounts due from related companies are disclosed in notes 5(b)(iv), 27 and 33.
130    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
      Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
      Income tax and deferred tax

      The Group is subject to income taxes in several jurisdictions. There are certain transactions and calculations for which the
      ultimate tax determination may be uncertain. The Group recognises liabilities for anticipated tax issues based on estimates of
      whether additional taxes will be due. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were
      initially recorded, such differences will impact the current and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such
      determination is made.

      Estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets

      The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation/amortisation charges for its
      property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets. This estimate is based on the historical experience
      of the actual useful lives of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets of similar nature and
      functions. It could change significantly as a result of technical innovations and competitor actions in response to market
      conditions. Management will increase the depreciation/amortisation charge where useful lives are less than previously
      estimated lives, or it will write-off or write-down technically obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been abandoned or
      sold.

      The patents, trademarks and capitalised development costs are considered by the management of the Group as having an
      indefinite useful life because it is expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely.

      The intangible asset will not be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite. Instead it will be tested for
      impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that it may be impaired.

      During the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group did not change the estimated useful lives of property, plant
      and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets.

      Impairment test for interests in associates

      The Group determined as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 whether there is any objective evidence that the investment in the
      associate is impaired. If this is the case, the Group calculates the amount of impairment as the difference between the
      recoverable amount of the interest in an associate and its carrying value and recognize the impairment loss if any to the
      consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. The recoverable amount was determined with
      value in use calculation based on the cash flow projections based on the financial estimates covering a five-year period, with
      key valuation input of pre-tax discount rates.

      Fair value measurement of equity instruments at FVTOCI and financial assets at FVTPL

      As at 31 December 2025, the Group held equity instruments of FVTOCI and financial assets at FVTPL with carrying amounts of
      approximately HK$209,656,000 (2024: HK$247,724,000) and HK$924,169,000 (2024: HK$1,799,961,000). A certain of these
      equity instruments with carrying amounts of approximately to HK$38,800,000 (2024: HK$223,643,000) and HK$557,357,000
      (2024: HK$496,563,000), for FVTOCI and FVTPL respectively do not have a quoted market price in an active market are
      measured at fair value being determined based on significant unobservable inputs using valuation techniques. Judgement
      and estimation are required in establishing the relevant valuation techniques and the relevant inputs thereof. Changes in
      assumptions relating to these factors could result in material adjustments to the fair value of these instruments. See note 5(b)
      (vi) for further disclosures.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025      131


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
     (a)   Categories of financial instruments
                                                                                                      2025                 2024
                                                                                                    HK$’000              HK$’000


           Financial assets
           Equity Instruments at FVTOCI                                                             209,656              247,724
           Financial assets at FVTPL                                                                924,169            1,799,961
           Financial asset at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents)
              – Trade and other receivables                                                       3,678,016            2,727,019
              – Amounts due from related companies                                                   54,723               59,411
              – Pledged bank deposits                                                                22,588                    –
              – Cash and cash equivalents                                                         1,142,370            1,340,979

                                                                                                  6,031,522            6,175,094

           Financial liabilities
           Contingent consideration payable at FVTPL                                                  50,725              76,705
           Financial liabilities at amortised costs
              – Trade and other payables                                                          3,865,065            2,754,168
              – Bank and other borrowings                                                         4,669,483            4,383,627
              – Lease liabilities                                                                    52,923               58,919
              – Amounts due to related companies                                                     16,778               13,151
              – Amount due to the immediate holding company                                           2,331                2,331

                                                                                                  8,657,305            7,288,901


     (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies
           The Group’s major financial instruments include equity instruments at FVTOCI, financial asset at FVTPL, trade and other
           receivables, amounts due from related companies, pledged bank deposits, cash and cash equivalents, trade and other
           payables, bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities, amounts due to related companies, amount due to the
           immediate holding company and contingent consideration payable at FVTPL. Details of these financial instruments are
           disclosed in respective notes. The risks associated with these financial instruments and the policies on how to mitigate
           these risks are set out below. The management manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate
           measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.
132    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

5.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            i.   Currency risk

                 The Group’s presentation currency is HK$, however, the Group major subsidiaries’ functional currency are RMB in
                 which most of the transactions are denominated. The functional currency is also used to settle expenses for the
                 PRC operations. Certain trade and other receivables, cash and cash equivalents, trade and other payables, bank
                 and other borrowings are denominated in foreign currencies of United State dollars (“USD”). Such USD
                 denominated financial assets and liabilities are exposed to fluctuations in the value of RMB against USD.

                 The Group currently does not have any USD hedging policy but the management monitors USD exchange
                 exposure and will consider hedging significant USD exposure should the need arise.

                 Sensitivity analysis

                 The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a reasonably possible change of 10% (2024: 10%) in
                 exchange rate of USD against RMB while all other variables are held constant. 10% (2024: 10%) is the sensitivity
                 rate used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to key management personnel and represents
                 management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis
                 includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the end
                 of each reporting period for a 10% (2024: 10%) change in foreign currency rates.

                                                                                                    2025                 2024
                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000


                 Increase/(decrease) in profit for the year
                    – if USD weakens against of RMB                                                 (41,688)            (30,540)
                    – if USD strengthens against of RMB                                              41,688              30,540


                 A change of 10% (2024: 10%) in exchange rate of USD against RMB does not affect other components of equity
                 except the translation reserve.

                 The carrying amounts of the foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities at the
                 reporting date are as follows:

                                                                                                    2025                 2024
                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000


                 USD
                   – Trade and other receivables                                                   238,992             225,383
                   – Cash and cash equivalents                                                     187,436             150,335
                   – Trade and other payables                                                       (8,452)            (69,668)
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025       133


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           ii.    Interest rate risk

                  The Group has variable-rate interest-bearing assets and liabilities including pledged bank deposits, bank
                  balances and bank and other borrowings and is therefore exposed to cash flow interest rate risk. In addition, the
                  Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed rate borrowing and lease liabilities. Details of
                  these financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes. The Group currently does not have interest rate
                  hedging policy. However, the management of the Group monitors interest rate exposure and will consider
                  hedging significant interest rate exposure should the need arise. Interest rate risk on bank balance is considered
                  immaterial and therefore has been excluded from the sensitivity below. The Group’s interest rate risk is mainly
                  concentrated on the fluctuation of variable-rates borrowings as detailed in note 31.

                  Sensitivity analysis

                  The sensitivity analysis below is prepared assuming the financial instruments outstanding at the end of the
                  reporting period were outstanding for the whole year. A 100 basis point (2024: 100 basis points) increase or
                  decrease is used when reporting interest rate risk internally to key management personnel and represents
                  management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rates.

                  If the interest rates had been increased/decreased by 100 basis points (2024: 100 basic points) at the beginning
                  of the year and all other variables were held constant, the Group’s profit after tax and retained profits would
                  decrease/increase by approximately HK$735,000 (2024: decrease/increase by approximately HK$625,000). The
                  assumed changes have no impact on the Group’s other components of equity. This is mainly attributable to the
                  Group’s exposure with respect to interest rate on its variable-interest rate bank and other borrowings.

           iii.   Liquidity risk

                  In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents
                  deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations
                  in cash flows. The management monitors the utilisation of bank and other borrowings and ensures compliance
                  with loan covenants. Certain Group’s banking facilities are subject to the fulfilment of covenants relating to
                  certain consolidated balance sheet ratios. If the Group were to breach the covenants, the drawn down facilities
                  would become payable on demand. The Group regularly monitors its compliance with these covenants. At 31
                  December 2025, none of the covenants relating to drawn down facilities had been breached.

                  The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial liabilities
                  based on the agreed repayment terms. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of
                  financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay.

                  The maturity analysis for financial liabilities is prepared based on the scheduled repayment dates. The table
                  includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows are floating rate, the
                  undiscounted amount is derived from interest rate curve at the end of the reporting period.
134    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

5.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            iii.   Liquidity risk (Continued)

                   As at 31 December 2025

                                                         Weighted         Total              More than More than
                                                          average contractual       Within one year but two years but
                                                          interest undiscounted one year or   less than     less than          More than      Carrying
                                                              rate    cash flow on demand    two years     five years          five years      amount
                                                                %      HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000             HK$’000      HK$’000


                   Non-derivative instruments
                   Trade and other payables                  0.24     3,874,292    3,763,403        110,889              –             –     3,865,065
                   Bank and other borrowings                 2.97     4,832,914    2,911,043        831,791        905,725       184,355     4,669,483
                   Lease liabilities                         5.88        59,993       15,266         13,162         29,455         2,110        52,923
                   Amounts due to related companies             –        16,778       16,778              –              –             –        16,778
                   Amount due to the immediate holding
                     company                                    –         2,331         2,331              –              –             –        2,331

                                                                      8,786,308    6,708,821        955,842        935,180       186,465     8,606,580


                   As at 31 December 2024

                                                         Weighted          Total                   More than     More than
                                                          average    contractual       Within    one year but two years but
                                                          interest undiscounted    one year or      less than      less than   More than       Carrying
                                                              rate     cash flow   on demand       two years      five years    five years     amount
                                                                %       HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000


                   Non-derivative instruments
                   Trade and other payables                      –     2,754,168     2,754,168             –              –             –     2,754,168
                   Bank and other borrowings                  3.43     4,558,524     3,239,516       966,194        217,671       135,143     4,383,627
                   Lease liabilities                          5.90        67,440        20,986        10,493         25,400        10,561        58,919
                   Amounts due to related companies              –        13,151        13,151             –              –             –        13,151
                   Amount due to the immediate holding
                     company                                    –          2,331        2,331              –              –             –        2,331

                                                                       7,395,614     6,030,152       976,687        243,071       145,704     7,212,196


                   The amounts included above for variable interest rate instruments for non-derivative financial liabilities are
                   subject to change if changes in variable interest rates differ to those estimates of interest rates determined at the
                   end of the reporting period.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025      135


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           iii.   Liquidity risk (Continued)

                  Bank and other borrowings with a repayment on demand clause are included in the “On demand or within one
                  year” time band in the below maturity analysis. As at 31 December 2025, the aggregate carrying amounts of
                  these bank and other borrowings amounted to approximately HK$1,061,920,000 (2024: approximately
                  HK$800,000,000). Taking into account the Group’s financial position, the management does not believe that it is
                  probable that the banks will exercise their discretionary rights to demand immediate repayment. The
                  management believes that such bank and other borrowings will be repaid within 1 year (2024: 2 years) after the
                  end of the reporting period in accordance with the scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreements,
                  details of which are set out in the table below:

                                                           Maturity Analysis – Bank and other borrowings with a repayment
                                                                   on demand clause based on scheduled repayments
                                                                                                           Total
                                                          Less than                                undiscounted       Carrying
                                                             1 year      1–2 years      2–5 years cash outflows        amount
                                                            HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000


                  31 December 2025                         1,073,764              –               –       1,073,764      1,061,920
                  31 December 2024                            44,627        811,248               –         855,875        800,000


                  The amounts included above for variable interest rate instruments are subject to change if changes in variable
                  interest rates differ to those estimates of interest rates determined at the end of the reporting period.

           iv.    Credit risk

                  The credit risk of the Group mainly arises from bank balances and deposits, trade and other receivables, amount
                  due from associates and amounts due from related companies. The carrying amounts of these balances
                  represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to financial assets.

                  In respect of cash deposited at banks, the credit risk is considered to be low as the counterparties are reputable
                  banks. The existing counterparties do not have defaults in the past. Therefore, ECL rate of cash at bank is
                  assessed to be close to zero and no provision was made as of 31 December 2025 and 2024.

                  Regarding to the amounts due from associates, the directors of the Company has assessed its credit risk by
                  monitoring the financial performance and position regularly, and it is considered that the credit risk for amount
                  due from associates are considered to be low based on its underlying business, therefore no ECL provision was
                  made during the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.
136    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

5.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            iv.   Credit risk (Continued)

                  In respect of trade receivables, ECLs are recognised under ECL model upon application of HKFRS 9 on trade
                  balances individually or based on provision matrix. The management has delegated a team responsible for
                  determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that follow up action
                  is taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the management reviews the recoverability of each trade debt at
                  the end of each reporting period to ensure that adequate impairment losses are made for irrecoverable
                  amounts. The Group assessed its trade receivables individually, for significant balances and credit-impaired
                  balances, and/or collectively based on the aging analysis of trade receivables. Significant and/or credit-impaired
                  trade receivables balances are assessed individually by considering the aging, repayment history and/or past due
                  status of respective trade receivables.

                  In respect of other receivables and amounts due from related companies, ECLs are recognised in three stages.
                  For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition,
                  ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible within the next 12 months (a
                  12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since
                  initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure,
                  irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

                  At the end of each reporting period, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has
                  increased significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a
                  default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the
                  financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information
                  that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information.

                  As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, trade receivables that are individually significant have been separately
                  assessed for impairment. The Group makes periodic assessments on the recoverability of the receivables based
                  on the background and reputation of the customers, historical settlement records and past experience.

                  Majority of the Group’s revenue is received from individual customers in relation to sales of pharmaceutical
                  products and are transacted on credit. The Group’s trade receivables arise from sales of pharmaceutical products
                  to the customers. As at the end of the year, the top three debtors and the largest debtor accounted for
                  approximately 15.67% and 6.64% (2024: 6.44% and 2.45%), of the Group’s trade receivables balance. In view of
                  the history of business dealings with the debtors and the sound collection history of the receivables due from
                  them, management believes that there is no material credit risk inherent in the Group’s outstanding receivable
                  balance due from these debtors saved for the debtor related to the impaired trade receivable disclosed in the
                  below. Management makes periodic assessment on the recoverability of the trade and other receivables based
                  on historical payment records, the length of overdue period, the financial strength of the debtors and whether
                  there are any disputes with the debtors.

                  Individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain amount. These
                  evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making payments when due and current ability to pay, and
                  take into account information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to the economic environment in
                  which the customer operates. Trade receivables are due within 30 to 180 days (2024: 30 to 180 days) from the
                  date of billing. Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral from customers.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025       137


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           iv.   Credit risk (Continued)

                 As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not indicate significantly different loss patterns for different
                 customer segments, the loss allowance based on past due status is not further distinguished between the
                 Group’s different customer bases.

                 (1)   Provision of ECL on trade receivables

                       As part of the Group’s credit risk management, the Group uses debtors’ aging to assess the impairment for
                       its customers because these customers consist of a large number of small customers with common risk
                       characteristics that are representative of the customers’ abilities to pay all amounts due in accordance with
                       the contractual terms. The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk for trade
                       receivables which are assessed on a collective basis by using provision matrix within lifetime ECL (not
                       credit-impaired).

                                                                                                         Gross          Allowance
                                                                                 Expected             carrying        for expected
                                                                           credit loss rate            amount           credit loss
                       As at 31 December 2025                                            %            HKD’000             HKD’000


                       Current (not past due)                                           3.4          1,569,315               52,640
                       Less than 6 months past due                                     15.5            320,463               49,671
                       6 months to 1 year past due                                     52.1             27,307               14,217
                       More than 1 year past due                                      100.0             91,982               91,982

                                                                                                     2,009,067              208,510


                                                                                                          Gross           Allowance
                                                                                  Expected              carrying        for expected
                                                                             credit loss rate           amount             credit loss
                       As at 31 December 2024                                              %            HKD’000              HKD’000


                       Current (not past due)                                            2.6             796,405              20,936
                       Less than 6 months past due                                      10.4             415,094              43,075
                       6 months to 1 year past due                                      48.5              18,269               8,854
                       More than 1 year past due                                       100.0              78,146              78,146

                                                                                                       1,307,914             151,011
138    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

5.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            iv.   Credit risk (Continued)

                  (1)   Provision of ECL on trade receivables (Continued)

                        The provision of ECL on trade receivables as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 were as follows:

                                                                                                                      HK$’000


                        As at 1 January 2024                                                                          103,385

                        Provision for the year                                                                          52,013
                        Exchange realignment                                                                            (4,387)

                        As at 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                                     151,011

                        Provision for the year                                                                          50,034
                        Exchange realignment                                                                             7,465
                        As at 31 December 2025                                                                       208,510


                  (2)   Provision of ECL on other receivables

                        The tables below show loss allowance for ECL based on the Group’s credit policy, which are mainly based
                        on the internal credit score, and year-end staging classification as at 31 December 2025 and 31 December
                        2024.

                                                               Stage 1            Stage 2            Stage 3
                                                            12-months            Lifetime           Lifetime
                                                                  ECLs               ECLs               ECLs             Total
                        As at 31 December 2025                HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000


                        Other receivables
                          – Industry average                    12,809                  –                 –             12,809
                          – CCC- to CC                               –                  –                 –                  –
                          –D                                         –                  –            25,708             25,708
                                                                12,809                  –            25,708             38,517


                                                                Stage 1            Stage 2            Stage 3
                                                             12-months            Lifetime           Lifetime
                                                                   ECLs               ECLs               ECLs             Total
                        As at 31 December 2024                 HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000


                        Other receivables
                          – Industry average                     13,668                 –                  –             13,668
                          – CCC- to CC                                –             6,707                  –              6,707
                          –D                                          –                 –             26,903             26,903
                                                                 13,668             6,707             26,903             47,278
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025     139


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           iv.   Credit risk (Continued)

                 (2)   Provision of ECL on other receivables (Continued)

                       The (reversal of allowances)/provision of ECL on other receivables as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 were
                       as follows:

                                                                                                                    HK$’000


                       As at 1 January 2024                                                                           43,374

                       Provision for the year                                                                         20,970
                       Written-off                                                                                   (15,803)
                       Exchange realignment                                                                           (1,263)

                       As at 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                                      47,278

                       Reversal of provision for the year                                                            (10,417)
                       Exchange realignment                                                                            1,656
                       As at 31 December 2025                                                                        38,517


                       The contractual amounts outstanding on other receivables that were written off related to the debtor,
                       who was placed under liquidation during the year ended 31 December 2024, but are still subject to
                       enforcement activities, were approximately HK$15,699,000.

                 (3)   Provision of ECL on amount due from related companies

                       The table below show credit quality and maximum exposure to credit risk of amounts due from related
                       companies based on the Group’s credit policy, which are mainly based on past due information available
                       without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.

                                                               Stage 1          Stage 2            Stage 3
                                                            12-months          Lifetime           Lifetime
                                                                  ECLs             ECLs               ECLs             Total
                       As at 31 December 2025                 HK$’000          HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000


                       Amount due from related
                        companies
                        – Industry average                        982                 –                 –                982
                        – CCC- to CC                                –                 2                 –                  2
                        –D                                          –                 –                 –                  –
                                                                  982                 2                 –                984
140    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

5.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            iv.   Credit risk (Continued)

                  (3)   Provision of ECL on amount due from related companies (Continued)


                                                                Stage 1           Stage 2           Stage 3
                                                             12-months           Lifetime          Lifetime
                                                                   ECLs              ECLs              ECLs             Total
                        As at 31 December 2024                 HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000


                        Amount due from related
                         companies
                         – Industry average                        997                 –                 –               997
                         – CCC- to CC                                –                 –                 –                 –
                         –D                                          –                 –               829               829
                                                                   997                 –               829              1,826


                        The (reversal of allowances)/provision of ECL on due from related companies as at 31 December 2025 and
                        2024 was as follows:

                                                                                                                    HK$’000


                        As at 1 January 2024                                                                           1,486

                        Provision for the year                                                                           395
                        Exchange realignment                                                                             (55)

                        As at 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                                      1,826

                        Reversal of provision for the year                                                              (899)
                        Exchange realignment                                                                              57
                        As at 31 December 2025                                                                          984
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025        141


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           v.    Equity price risk

                 The Group is exposed to equity price risk through its investment in equity instruments measured at FVTPL and
                 FVTOCI. For equity instruments measured at FVTPL quoted in relative active markets, the management of the
                 Group manages this exposure by maintaining a portfolio of investments with different risks. In addition, the
                 Group also invested in certain unquoted equity securities for investees operating in pharmaceutical industry
                 sector for long term strategic purposes which had been designated as FVTOCI.

                 The sensitivity analysis have been determined based on the exposure to equity price risk at the reporting date.
                 Sensitivity analysis for unquote equity securities with fair value measurement categorised within Level 3 were
                 disclosed in note 5(b)(vi).

                 If the prices of the respective equity instruments listed in Hong Kong had been 5% (2024: 5%) higher/lower, the
                 post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2025 would increase/decrease by approximately HK$696,000
                 (2024: increase/decrease by approximately HK$390,000) and the other comprehensive income for the year
                 ended 31 December 2025 would increase/decrease by approximately HK$5,525,000 (2024: nil) respectively, as a
                 result of the changes in fair value of listed equity security in Hong Kong.

                 If the prices of the respective equity instruments listed outside Hong Kong had been 5% (2024: 5%) higher/
                 lower, the post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2025 would increase/decrease by approximately
                 HK$14,619,000 (2024: increase/decrease by approximately HK$54,027,000) and the other comprehensive income
                 would increase/decrease by approximately HK$1,926,000 (2024: the other comprehensive loss would decrease/
                 increase by approximately HK$1,204,000) respectively, as a result of the changes in fair value of listed equity
                 security outside Hong Kong.

           vi.   Fair value

                 The following table provides an analysis of financial instruments that are measured subsequent to initial
                 recognition at fair value at the end of each reporting period, grouped into Level 1 to 3 based on the degree to
                 which the fair value is observable.

                 –     Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for
                       identical assets or liabilities.

                 –     Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within
                       Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived
                       from prices).

                 –     Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the
                       asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
142    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

5.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            vi.   Fair value (Continued)

                  Fair value hierarchy
                                                                                       2025
                                                              Level 1            Level 2            Level 3             Total
                                                             HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000


                  Financial assets at FVTPL
                    (note 25) (note (a))                     366,812                    –          557,357            924,169
                  Equity instruments at FVTOCI
                    (note 24) (note (a))                     170,856                    –            38,800           209,656
                  Contingent consideration
                    payable at FVTPL (note (a))                      –                  –            50,725             50,725


                                                                                        2024
                                                               Level 1            Level 2            Level 3             Total
                                                              HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000


                  Financial assets at FVTPL
                    (note 25) (note (a))                     1,303,398                  –           496,563           1,799,961
                  Equity instruments at FVTOCI
                    (note 24) (note (a))                        24,081                  –           223,643            247,724
                  Contingent consideration payable
                    at FVTPL (note (a))                              –                  –             76,705             76,705


                  There was transfer between level 1 and level 3 during the year (2024: there was no transfer between level 2 and
                  level 3 during the current year).
                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025           143


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           vi.   Fair value (Continued)

                 Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
                 Note:

                 (a)     In estimating the fair value, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it is available. For instruments with significant
                         unobservable inputs under Level 3, the Group engages independent qualified valuers to perform the valuation. The Group
                         works closely with the qualified external valuers to establish the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs to the model.

                         Below is a summary of the valuation technique used and the key inputs to the valuation of level 3 instruments and derivative
                         financial instruments:

                                                                Valuation technique        Significant                             2025               2024
                                                                                           unobservable inputs


                         Financial assets
                         Equity instruments at FVTOCI
                         eTheRNA                                Discounted cash flow       Discount rate (note i)               27.50%              21.91%
                           Immunotherapies NV of                  method
                           Preferred Series B Shares

                         Cloudbreak                             Discounted cash flow       Discount rate (note ii)                   NA             18.68%
                           Pharmaceutical Inc. of                 method
                           Series B Preferred Shares

                         ITM Isotope Technologies               Discounted cash flow       Discount rate (note iii)             14.16%               7.70%
                           Munich SE of shares                    method (2024:              (2024: % change of
                                                                  comparable transaction     market cap) (note iv)
                                                                  method)

                         Equity instrument at FVTPL
                         CNCB Healthcare Investment             Net asset value            % change of market cap               10.96%               9.21%
                           Fund II LP                                                        (note v)

                         Debt instrument at FVTPL
                         Convertible loan receivable            Binomial option pricing    Discount Rate (note vi)               6.25%               8.42%
                           from Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd.       model                   Volatility (note vii)                60.88%              47.60%

                         Financial liability
                         Contingent consideration payable of    Scenario-based method      Discount rate (note viii)            13.22%              14.31%
                           FVTPL

                         Notes:

                         (i)      A slight increase in the discount rate used in isolation would result in a slight decrease in the fair value measurement of
                                  the eTheRNA Immunotherapies NV of Preferred Series B Shares, and vice versa. A 5% (2024: 5%) increase/decrease in the
                                  discount rate holding all other variables constant would decrease/increase the carrying amount of the eTheRNA
                                  Immunotherapies NV of Preferred Series B Shares by HK$523,000 and HK$588,000 (2024: HK$1,067,000 and HK$1,188,000)
                                  respectively.

                         (ii)     A slight increase in the discount rate used in isolation would result in a slight decrease in the fair value measurement of
                                  the Cloudbreak Pharmaceutical Inc. of Series B Preferred Shares, and vice versa. A 5% increase/decrease in the discount
                                  rate holding all other variables constant would decrease/increase the carrying amount of the Cloudbreak Pharmaceutical
                                  Inc. of Series B Preferred Shares by HK$1,908,000 and HK$2,132,000 respectively for the year ended 31 December 2024.
144    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

5.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            vi.   Fair value (Continued)
                  Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

                  Note: (Continued)

                  (a)   (Continued)

                         Note: (Continued)

                         (iii)    A slight increase in the discount rate used in isolation would result in a slight decrease in the fair value measurement of
                                  the share of ITM Isotope Technologies Munich SE, and vice versa. A 5% increase/decrease in the discount rate holding all
                                  other variables constant would decrease/increase the carrying amount of the share of ITM Isotope Technologies Munich
                                  SE by approximately HK$2,671,000 and HK$3,043,000 respectively.

                         (iv)     A slight increase in the % change of market cap used in isolation would result in a slight increase in the fair value
                                  measurement of the share of ITM Isotope Technologies Munich SE, and vice versa. A 5% increase/decrease in the %
                                  change of market cap holding all other variables constant would increase/decrease the carrying amount of the share of
                                  ITM Isotope Technologies Munich SE by approximately HK$617,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024.

                         (v)      A slight increase in the % change of market cap used in isolation would result in a slight increase in the fair value
                                  measurement of the CNCB Healthcare Investment Fund II LP, and vice versa. A 5% increase/decrease in the % change of
                                  market cap holding all other variables constant would increase/decrease the carrying amount of the share of CNCB
                                  Healthcare Investment Fund II LP by approximately HK$685,000 (2024: HK$583,000).

                         (vi)     A slight increase in the discount rate used in isolation would result in a slight decrease in the fair value measurement of
                                  the convertible loan, and vice versa. A 5% increase/decrease in the discount rate holding all other variables constant
                                  would decrease/increase the carrying amount of the convertible loan by HK$564,000 (2024: HK$653,000) and
                                  HK$565,000 (2024: HK$657,000) respectively.

                         (vii)    A slight increase in the volatility used in isolation would result in a slight increase in the fair value measurement of the
                                  convertible loan, and vice versa. A 5% increase/decrease in the volatility holding all other variables constant would
                                  increase/decrease the carrying amount of the convertible loan by HK$77,000 (2024: HK$100,000) and HK$123,000 (2024:
                                  HK$200,000) respectively.

                         (viii)   A slight increase in the discount rate used in isolation would result in a slight decrease in the fair value measurement of
                                  the derivate instrument at FVTPL, and vice versa. A 5% increase/decrease in the discount rate holding all other variables
                                  constant would decrease/increase the carrying amount of the derivate instrument at FVTPL by HK$729,000 and
                                  HK$746,000 (2024: HK$56,000 and HK$63,000) respectively.

                  Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of equity instruments at FVTOCI

                                                                                                                          2025                      2024
                                                                                                                        HK$’000                   HK$’000


                  As at 1 January                                                                                        223,643                  334,050
                  Transfer out of level 3(note)                                                                          (22,884)                       –
                  Fair value loss in other comprehensive income                                                         (162,092)                (110,298)
                  Exchange alignment                                                                                         133                     (109)

                  As at 31 December                                                                                       38,800                  223,643

                  Note: The Group owns equity interest in Cloudbreak Pharmaceutical Inc. that is classified as equity instruments at FVTOCI and is
                        measured at fair value at each reporting date. Cloudbreak Pharmaceutical Inc. has become a listed entity on the Hong Kong
                        Stock Exchange since 3 July 2025, with its shares traded in an active market.

                         Therefore, the fair value of the investment as at 31 December 2025 was determined based on a published price quotation
                         available on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and was classified as Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of the
                         investment as at 31 December 2025 amounts to approximately HK$132,339,000 (2024: approximately HK$22,884,000). The fair
                         value of the investment as at 31 December 2024 was measured using a valuation technique with significant unobservable
                         inputs and hence was classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025      145


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           vi.   Fair value (Continued)

                 Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of equity instruments at FVTOCI (Continued)

                 Included in other comprehensive income is a fair value loss in an amount of approximately HK$38,034,000 (2024:
                 HK$109,604,000) relating to listed and unlisted equity securities classified as equity instruments at FVTOCI held at
                 the end of the current reporting period and is reported as changes of “FVTOCI reserve”.

                 Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets at FVTPL

                                                                                                       2025                  2024
                                                                                                     HK$’000               HK$’000


                 As at 1 January                                                                      496,563              532,913
                 Addition during the year                                                               3,886               11,343
                 Disposal during the year                                                                   –              (21,173)
                 Fair value gain/(loss) in profit or loss                                              56,738              (25,794)
                 Exchange alignment                                                                       170                 (726)

                 As at 31 December                                                                    557,357              496,563


                 Reconciliation of level 3 fair value measurements of the contingent consideration payable at FVTPL

                                                                                                       2025                  2024
                                                                                                     HK$’000               HK$’000


                 As at 1 January                                                                       76,705                    –
                 Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 38(a))                                                   –               71,666
                 Repaid during the year                                                               (50,656)                   –
                 Fair value loss in profit or loss*                                                    22,097                6,544
                 Exchange alignment                                                                     2,579               (1,505)

                 As at 31 December                                                                     50,725               76,705

                 *     Amount included in offer income, gains and losses, net


                 The directors consider the fair values of trade and other receivables, pledged bank deposits, cash and cash
                 equivalents, trade and other payables, bank and other borrowings reported in the consolidated statement of
                 financial position approximate their carrying amounts due to their immediate or short-term maturities.

                 The directors consider the fair value of amount due to the immediate holding company approximate to its
                 carrying amount as the impact of discounting is not significant.
146     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

6.    CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
      The Group reviews its capital structure to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while
      maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The Group’s overall strategy
      remains unchanged from prior year.

      The capital structure of the Group consists of debt, which includes bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities and amount
      due to the immediate holding company, cash and cash equivalents and equity attributable to owners of the Company,
      comprising issued share capital, share premium, reserves and retained profits.

      The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.

      Gearing ratio
      The directors of the Company review the capital structure regularly. As part of this review, the directors of the Company
      consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on recommendations of the directors,
      the Group will balance its overall capital structure through payment of dividends, new share issues and share buy-backs as
      well as the issue of new debt or the redemption of existing debt.

      The gearing ratio at the end of the reporting period was as follows:

                                                                                                                       2025                     2024
                                                                                                                     HK$’000                  HK$’000


      Debts (note (a))                                                                                             4,724,737                 4,444,877
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                   (1,142,370)               (1,340,979)

      Net debt                                                                                                     3,582,367                 3,103,898
      Equity (note (b))                                                                                           17,017,039                16,473,210
      Net debt to equity ratio                                                                                        21.1%                     18.8%

      Notes:

      (a)      Debts comprises bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities and amount due to the immediate holding company respectively.

      (b)      Equity includes all capital and reserves attributable to owners of the Company.
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025         147


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

7.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
     For the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group is principally engaged in manufacture and sales of
     pharmaceutical technology products, manufacture and sales of bio-technology products as well as manufacture and sales of
     nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment and cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and
     treatment technology products. The board of directors, being the chief operating decision maker of the Group, reviews the
     operating results of the Group as a whole to make decisions about resource allocation. The operation of the Group
     constitutes one single reportable segment under HKFRS 8 and accordingly, no separate segment information is prepared.

     The Group’s revenue represents the invoiced value of goods sold, net of discounts and sales related taxes.

     Geographical information
     The Group’s operations are mainly located in the PRC (country of domicile) and it also derives revenue from America, Europe
     and Asia (other than the PRC).

     Information about the Group’s revenue from external customers is presented based on geographical location of the
     customers and information about the Group’s non-current assets is presented based on geographical location of the assets
     are detailed below:

                                                                   Revenue from external
                                                                        customers                                 Non-current assets
                                                                       2025                   2024                 2025                   2024
                                                                     HK$’000                HK$’000              HK$’000                HK$’000


     The PRC                                                     10,626,101              10,046,227           12,937,693              10,908,461
     America                                                        759,415                 589,430              261,327                 290,295
     Europe                                                         432,681                 478,293                    –                       –
     Asia other than the PRC                                        408,910                 474,963              103,689                  96,410
     Others                                                          56,164                  55,979                    –                       –

     Total                                                       12,283,271              11,644,892           13,302,709              11,295,166

     Note: Non-current assets excluded equity instruments at fair value through comprehensive income, deferred tax assets and a part of interests in
           associates.
148    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

7.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      Information about major customers
      For the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, none of the Group’s sales to a single customer amounted to 10% or more
      of the Group’s total revenue.

      Revenue
      Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                                    HK$’000             HK$’000


      Type of goods and services
      Manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical technology products                                 7,294,285            7,317,837
      Manufacture and sales of bio-technology products                                            3,706,909            3,510,841
      Manufacture and sales of nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment and
        cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and
        treatment technology products                                                             1,282,077             816,214

      Total revenue recognised at point in time                                                  12,283,271          11,644,892

      Revenue disclosed in segment information
      External customers                                                                         12,283,271          11,644,892

      Timing of revenue recognition
      At a point in time                                                                         12,283,271          11,644,892


      All of the Group’s revenue are recognised at point in time when carrier designated by the customers, or after the customer’s
      acceptance or upon transfer of control of the goods to customer. All of the Group’s revenue is generated in the PRC based
      on where goods are sold. All revenue contracts are for period of one year or less, as permitted by practical expedient under
      HKFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contacts is not disclosed.

8.    OTHER INCOME, GAINS AND LOSSES, NET
                                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                                    HK$’000             HK$’000


      Government grants (note (i))                                                                  116,641              97,775
      Interest income                                                                                 7,368               6,310
      Sales of raw materials, scrap and other materials, net                                          5,462               5,471
      Rental income                                                                                     628               4,250
      Net (loss)/gain in fair value of investment properties (note 18)                               (4,874)              4,385
      Additional deduction of VAT (note (ii))                                                        16,204              26,109
      Gain on bargain purchase arising on acquisition (note 38(a))                                        –              54,214
      Loss in fair value of contingent consideration payable at FVTPL                               (22,097)             (6,544)
      Gain in remeasurement of previously held interest in a subsidiary (note 38)                    60,938                   –
      Sundry income                                                                                  43,741              49,764

                                                                                                    224,011             241,734
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025          149


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

8.   OTHER INCOME, GAINS AND LOSSES, NET (Continued)
     Notes:

     (i)      The amount consists of government grants with conditions being fulfilled and included in deferred income amounted to approximately
              HK$21,813,000 (2024: HK$22,229,000) for the year ended 31 December 2025. There are no unfulfilled conditions related to the remaining
              amount of approximately HK$94,828,000 (2024: HK$75,546,000).

     (ii)     During the current year, the Group recognised government grants of approximately HK$16,204,000 (2024: HK$26,109,000) in respect of value-
              added tax exemption provided by the local government in accordance with Announcement 2023 No. 43 of the Ministry of Finance and the
              State Administration of Taxation, advanced manufacturing enterprises are allowed to deduct additional 5% VAT of the current deductible input
              VAT from the VAT payable. According to the announcement, the value-added tax exemption is effective until 31 December 2027.


9.   FAIR VALUE CHANGE ON FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                                                        2025                    2024
                                                                                                                      HK$’000                 HK$’000


     Gain/(loss) in fair value change of listed equity securities in Hong Kong                                           7,333                  (6,000)
     (Loss)/gain in fair value change of equity instruments outside Hong Kong                                         (334,529)                681,585
     Gain in fair value change of debt instruments                                                                      32,154                     343
     Realised gain in disposal of equity instruments outside Hong Kong                                                 105,729                       –

                                                                                                                      (189,313)                675,928


10. FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                                                        2025                    2024
                                                                                                                      HK$’000                 HK$’000


     Interest on bank and other borrowings                                                                            151,981                  174,582
     Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                      4,390                    5,660
     Interest on deferred consideration payable                                                                         5,967                        –

                                                                                                                      162,338                  180,242


11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                                                                        2025                    2024
                                                                                                                      HK$’000                 HK$’000


     Current tax:
     PRC Enterprise Income tax                                                                                        299,003                  397,200
     Hong Kong Profits tax                                                                                              1,849                        –

     Deferred tax (note 23 and note 34)                                                                                (51,074)                (10,896)

                                                                                                                      249,778                  386,304


     For the year ended 31 December 2025, Hong Kong Profits Tax was calculated at 16.5% on the estimated assessable profits.
     Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first HK$2,000,000 of assessable profits of the corporations will be taxed at
     8.25% and assessable profits above HK$2,000,000 will be taxed at 16.5%. The assessable profits of corporations not qualifying
     for the two-tiered profits tax rates regime will continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%.
150    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)
      No provision for Hong Kong profits tax has been made in the consolidated financial statements as the Company did not have
      any assessable profits subject to Hong Kong profits tax for year ended 31 December 2024. Provision on profits assessable
      elsewhere has been calculated at the rate of tax prevailing to the countries to which the Group operates, based on existing
      legislation, interpretations, and practices in respect thereof.

      Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax
      rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% for both years.

      According to the relevant the PRC tax regulations, High-New Technology Enterprise (the “HNTE”) operating within a High and
      New Technology Development Zone are entitled to a reduced Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT”) rate of 15%. Certain
      subsidiaries are recognised as HNTE and accordingly, are subject to EIT at 15%. The recognition as a HNTE is subject to review
      on every three years by the relevant government bodies. In addition, certain subsidiaries operating in encouraged industries
      in the Western Region of China are also entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15%.

      The U.S. corporate tax rate is 21% for the year ended 31 December 2025 in accordance to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The U.S.
      income tax includes (a) federal income tax calculated at a fixed rate of 21% for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: a
      fixed rate of 21%) on the estimated U.S. federal taxable income and (b) state income tax to calculated at various state income
      tax rates for both periods on the estimated state taxable income for the respective states. The income subject to tax in a
      specific state (i.e. state taxable income) is calculated based on the federal taxable income with state tax adjustments, which is
      then allocated or apportioned to the respective states (i.e. percentage of taxable income that should be apportioned or
      specially allocated to the respective states in which the Group operates) based on the apportionment factors provided from
      the state tax returns in previous year.

      The charge for the year is reconciled to the profit before tax per the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
      comprehensive income as follows:

                                                                                                         2025                  2024
                                                                                                       HK$’000               HK$’000


      Profit before tax                                                                               1,494,081            2,852,363

      Tax at the average income tax rate                                                                373,520              713,091
      Tax effect of share of results of associates                                                      (12,859)             (24,264)
      Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                                             197,150               72,520
      Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                                                 (130,823)            (105,438)
      Tax effect of temporary differences not recognised                                                (27,244)              16,252
      Effect of tax exemptions granted to the PRC subsidiaries                                          (59,543)             (51,503)
      Income tax on concessionary rate                                                                 (124,150)            (261,932)
      Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                                            33,727               27,578

      Tax charge for the year                                                                           249,778              386,304
                                                                             Annual Report 2025      151


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

12. PROFIT FOR THE YEAR
                                                                            2025               2024
                                                                          HK$’000            HK$’000


     Profit for the year is arrived after charging/(crediting):
     Staff costs (excluding Directors’emoluments (note 15)) comprises:
       – Wages and salaries                                              2,024,097         1,912,693
       – Retirement benefits schemes contributions                         176,754           155,574

                                                                         2,200,851         2,068,267

     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 16)              358,918            359,319
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 17)                         39,058             50,368
     Amortisation of intangible assets (note 22)                          183,919             94,061

     Total depreciation and amortisation                                  581,895            503,748

     Provision of/(reversal of) allowance for ECL
       – trade and other receivables (note 5(b)(iv))                       39,617             72,983
       – amounts due from related companies (note 5(b)(iv))                  (899)               395

     Provision of allowance for ECL, net of reversal                       38,718             73,378

     Auditors’remuneration
       – audit services                                                     4,350                 3,980
       – non-audit services                                                     –                     –

     Cost of inventories recognised as an expense                        5,469,944         4,855,784
     Write-off of property, plant and equipment                              7,883                 8
     Research and development expenditure                                  502,892           588,142
     Marketing and promotion expenses                                      922,447           859,901
     Write-down of inventories                                              32,966            50,792
     Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                       1,177               997
     Net foreign exchange loss                                              27,097            20,874
     Short-term lease rental expenses                                       72,716            37,488
152    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

13. DIVIDEND
      (i)     Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the year
                                                                                                                         2025                     2024
                                                                                                                       HK$’000                  HK$’000


              Final dividend proposed after the end of report HK$0.169 per share
                 (2024: HK$0.26)                                                                                        591,806                 910,471


      (ii)    Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the previous financial year,
              approved and paid during the year


                                                                                                                         2025                     2024
                                                                                                                       HK$’000                  HK$’000


              Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year, approved and
                 paid during the year, of HK$0.26 per share (2024: HK$0.26)                                             910,471                 910,471


14. EARNINGS PER SHARE
      Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity owners of the Company by the weighted
      average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the Period, excluding ordinary shares repurchased by the Group and
      held as treasury shares.

                                                                                                                         2025                     2024
                                                                                                                       HK$’000                  HK$’000


      Earnings

      Earnings for the purpose of basic earnings per share calculation                                               1,240,871                2,468,375


                                                                                                                            2025                    2024
                                                                                                                             ’000                    ’000


      Number of shares

      Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of basic earnings per
       share calculation (Note)                                                                                      3,501,810                3,501,810

      Note:

      As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, treasury shares are deducted from total shares in issue for the purpose of calculating earnings per share.


      Diluted earnings per share is the same as the basic earnings per share for the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 as
      there were no potential dilutive ordinary shares in issue.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025      153


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

15. DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
     (a)   Directors’ emoluments
           Details of directors’ emoluments are as follows:

                                                                                                       2025                2024
                                                                                                     HK$’000             HK$’000


           Fees:
             Executive directors                                                                           100                  67
             Independent non-executive directors                                                           390                 340

                                                                                                           490                 407
           Other emoluments:
             Salaries and allowances                                                                     6,925                5,395
             Retirement benefits scheme contributions                                                       92                   98

                                                                                                         7,507                5,900


           No emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors as an inducement to join, or upon joining the Group, or as
           compensation for loss of office for both years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

           The emoluments paid or payable to each of the eight (2024: nine) directors for the year ended 31 December 2025 are
           as follows:

                                                                                                    Retirement
                                                                                                       benefits
                                                                                   Salaries and        schemes
                                                                   Fees             allowances    contributions           Total
                                                                HK$’000                HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000


           Executive directors:
           Dr. Tang Weikun (Chairman)                                  –                 3,228              74                3,302
           Mr. Zhou Chao (note (a))                                    –                 3,697              18                3,715
           Mr. Yang Guang                                             50                     –               –                   50
           Ms. Lam Chit Yee Jessica                                   50                     –               –                   50

           Independent non-executive directors:
           Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie                                   180                     –               –                 180
           Dr. Pei Geng                                               60                     –               –                  60
           Dr. Xing Li Na                                             50                     –               –                  50
           Mr. Hu Yebi                                               100                     –               –                 100
           Total                                                     490                 6,925              92                7,507


           Note:

           (a)     Mr. Zhou Chao is the chief executive officer since June 2021.
154    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

15. DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
      (a)   Directors’ emoluments (Continued)
            Details of directors’ emoluments for the year ended 31 December 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                                     Retirement
                                                                                                        benefits
                                                                              Salaries and             schemes
                                                                  Fees         allowances          contributions     Total
                                                               HK$’000             HK$’000              HK$’000    HK$’000


            Executive directors:
            Dr. Tang Weikun (Chairman)                               –              2,912                    98       3,010
            Dr. Shi Lin (resigned on 24 June 2024)                   –                  –                     –           –
            Mr. Zhou Chao (note (a))                                 –              2,483                     –       2,483
            Mr. Yang Guang                                          50                  –                     –          50
            Ms. Lam Chit Yee Jessica
              (appointed on 27 August 2024)                         17                  –                     –         17

            Independent non-executive directors:
            Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie                                180                  –                     –        180
            Dr. Pei Geng                                           100                  –                     –        100
            Dr. Xing Li Na (appointed on 24 June 2024)               –                  –                     –          –
            Mr. Hu Yebi                                             60                  –                     –         60
            Total                                                  407              5,395                    98       5,900


            None of the directors of the Company waived or agreed to waived any emoluments paid by the Company during the
            year ended 31 December 2025. One of the independent non-executive director waived emoluments of HK$25,000 paid
            by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2024.

      (b)   Five Highest Paid Individuals
            The five individuals with the highest emoluments in the Group, two (2024: one) were the directors of the Company
            whose emoluments were included above. The emoluments of the remaining three (2024: four) individuals are as
            follows:

                                                                                                       2025          2024
                                                                                                     HK$’000       HK$’000


            Employees
              Salaries and allowances                                                                  10,276       16,352
              Retirement benefits schemes contributions                                                   471          643

                                                                                                       10,747       16,995
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025    155


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

15. DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
     (b)   Five Highest Paid Individuals (Continued)
           These emoluments were within the following bands:

                                                                                                 2025                2024
                                                                                                No. of              No. of
                                                                                            employees           employees


           Nil to HK$3,000,000                                                                         1                2
           HK$3,000,001 to HK$3,500,000                                                                1                –
           HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                                1                1
           Over HK$4,000,000                                                                           –                1

                                                                                                       3                4


           During both years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the five highest
           paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

     (c)   Senior Management of the Group
           The emoluments of the senior management who is a non-director of the Group are within the following band:

                                                                                                 2025                2024
                                                                                                No. of              No. of
                                                                                            employees           employees


           Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                                         –                –
           HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                                –                –
           HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                                –                –
           HK$2,000,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                                –                1
           Over HK$3,000,000                                                                           1                –

                                                                                                       1                1


           During years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the senior management
           as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.
156     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                       Owned       Allocated     Plant and      Motor                               Construction
                                                     buildings          land    machinery     vehicles    Equipment      Others      in progress        Total
                                                       HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000


      Cost
      As at 1 January 2024                            2,476,199        1,650     2,462,043      27,227       296,173        371          410,169     5,673,832
      Additions                                             155            –        12,620       1,902         6,771          –          534,333       555,781
      Disposals                                               –            –       (20,630)     (2,365)       (4,485)         –                –       (27,480)
      Acquired through acquisition of a subsidiary
         (note 38(a))                                   118,681            –       102,598       1,384         11,660          –           5,647       239,970
      Transfer                                           89,048            –       146,602           –         22,709          –        (258,359)            –
      Write-off                                             (20)           –             –           –              –          –               –           (20)
      Exchange realignment                             (110,983)         (54)     (118,694)       (910)       (10,059)       (12)        (18,861)     (259,573)

      As at 31 December 2024 and
         1 January 2025                               2,573,080        1,596     2,584,539      27,238       322,769        359          672,929     6,182,510
      Additions                                               –            –        24,427         621         5,031          –          696,074       726,153
      Disposals                                               –            –       (13,641)     (1,359)       (8,277)         –                –       (23,277)
      Acquired through acquisition of a subsidiary
         (note 38(a))                                   11,202            –         21,741         718         2,003          –                –       35,664
      Transfer                                         301,570            –        138,570         759        27,169          –         (468,068)           –
      Write-off                                         (4,980)           –        (41,654)          –             –          –                –      (46,634)
      Exchange realignment                             126,543           67        129,059       2,399        18,168         15           31,408      307,659

      As at 31 December 2025                          3,007,415        1,663     2,843,041      30,376       366,863        374          932,343     7,182,075

      Accumulated depreciation and
         impairment
      As at 1 January 2024                             724,248            –      1,231,514      16,852       167,645        371                –     2,140,630
      Depreciation provided for the year               110,840            –        181,695       3,138        63,646          –                –       359,319
      Eliminated on disposals                                –            –        (19,164)     (2,261)       (4,087)         –                –       (25,512)
      Eliminated on write-off                              (12)           –              –           –             –          –                –           (12)
      Exchange realignment                             (25,865)           –        (43,469)       (569)       (6,285)       (12)               –       (76,200)

      As at 31 December 2024 and
         1 January 2025                                809,211            –      1,350,576      17,160       220,919        359                –     2,398,225
      Depreciation provided for the year               114,966            –        179,693       2,368        61,891          –                –       358,918
      Eliminated on disposals                                –            –        (11,122)     (1,280)       (6,942)         –                –       (19,344)
      Eliminated on write-off                             (720)           –        (38,031)          –             –          –                –       (38,751)
      Exchange realignment                              56,865            –         77,356       1,976        14,532         15                –       150,744

      As at 31 December 2025                           980,322            –      1,558,472      20,224       290,400        374                –     2,849,792
      Net carrying amounts
      As at 31 December 2025                         2,027,093        1,663     1,284,569      10,152        76,463           –         932,343     4,332,283

      As at 31 December 2024                          1,763,869        1,596     1,233,963      10,078       101,850          –          672,929     3,784,285
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025      157


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
     The above items of property, plant and equipment, except for construction in progress and allocated land are depreciated on
     a straight-line basis, at the following rates per annum:

     Buildings                              2.5%–10%
     Plant and machinery                    5%–25%
     Equipment                              12%–33.3%
     Motor vehicles                         10%–25%
     Others                                 12.5%–20%

     Allocated land is located in the PRC and is not specified by the PRC government authorities with the period of usage. The
     allocated land is restricted for disposal or transfer, but can be leased or pledged to other parties upon obtaining the approval
     from the relevant PRC’s authorities.

     Buildings are held in the PRC under medium-term leases.

     As at 31 December 2025, certain buildings in the Group aggregated amount of approximately HK$78,864,000 (2024:
     HK$87,242,000) have been pledged to banks to secure general bank loans granted to the Group as further detailed in note
     41.
158        Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

17. RIGHTOFUSE ASSETS
                                                                     Motor vehicle                 Buildings
                                                                        leased for                leased for                   Land
                                                                        own used                    own use                use right                Total
                                                                           HK$’000                   HK$’000                HK$’000               HK$’000


      Cost
      As at 1 January 2024                                                         829                138,857                 435,965             575,651

      Additions                                                                       –                  2,617                 24,846              27,463
      Acquired through acquisition of a subsidiary
        (note 38(a))                                                                 –                       –                  70,180              70,180
      Termination of lease                                                        (816)                (15,128)                      –             (15,944)
      Exchange realignment                                                         (13)                 (5,244)                (14,938)            (20,195)

      As at 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                       –               121,102                 516,053             637,155

      Additions                                                                       –                 13,513                        –            13,513
      Acquired through acquisition of a subsidiary
        (note 38(a))                                                                  –                      –                 15,883               15,883
      Termination of lease                                                            –                (45,738)                     –              (45,738)
      Exchange realignment                                                            –                  2,202                 21,993               24,195

      As at 31 December 2025                                                          –                 91,079                553,929             645,008

      Accumulated depreciation
      As at 1 January 2024                                                         445                  51,429                 71,326             123,200

      Depreciation provided for the year                                            39                  35,321                 15,008               50,368
      Termination of leases                                                       (476)                (15,128)                     –              (15,604)
      Exchange realignment                                                          (8)                 (2,078)                  (506)              (2,592)

      As at 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                       –                 69,544                 85,828             155,372

      Depreciation provided for the year                                              –                 21,644                 17,414               39,058
      Termination of leases                                                           –                (45,738)                     –              (45,738)
      Exchange realignment                                                            –                    290                  3,812                4,102

      As at 31 December 2025                                                          –                 45,740                107,054             152,794
      Net carrying amounts
      As at 31 December 2025                                                          –               45,339                446,875               492,214
      As at 31 December 2024                                                          –                 51,558                430,225             481,783

      Notes:

      1.       The Group leases several assets including office premises and land right use. The average lease term is 6 years (2024: 6 years).

      2.       The total cash outflow for leases, including payment of short-term lease, was approximately HK$98,758,000 (2024: HK$76,822,000) for the year
               ended 31 December 2025.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025    159


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                                               HK$’000            HK$’000


     Residential properties                                                                    176,694            174,356


                                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                                               HK$’000            HK$’000


     As at 1 January                                                                           174,356            175,817
     Fair value (loss)/gain recognised in profit or loss (note 8)                               (4,874)             4,385
     Exchange realignment                                                                        7,212             (5,846)

     As at 31 December                                                                         176,694            174,356


     Properties measured at fair value
                                                                                       2025
                                                                     Level 1     Level 2        Level 3           Total
                                                                    HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000


     Investment properties located in PRC                                  –           –       176,694           176,694


                                                                                        2024
                                                                      Level 1     Level 2        Level 3            Total
                                                                     HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000           HK$’000


     Investment properties located in PRC                                  –           –        174,356           174,356
160    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
      (a)   Valuation of investment properties
            The investment properties of the Group of approximately HK$176,694,000 (2024: HK$174,356,000) were stated at fair
            value as at 31 December 2025. The fair value of investment properties as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 were arrived
            at based on the valuations carried out by Wuhan Huasheng Zhenghao Assets Appraisal Co., Ltd.*, an independent
            external valuer. *(This is the English translation of Chinese name or words which included for identification purposes
            only)

            The valuer has valued the properties on the basis of comparable market transactions as available. Discussions of
            valuation processes and results are held between the Group and valuers at least once every six months, in line with the
            Group’s interim and annual reporting dates. As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the fair values of the properties were
            determined by the valuer. At each financial year end, the Group (i) verifies all major inputs to the independent
            valuation report and (ii) holds discussions with the independent valuer.

            Market approach method is adopted based on the principle of substitution, where comparison is made based on
            prices realised on actual sales and/or asking prices of comparable properties. Comparable properties of similar size,
            scale, nature, character and location are analysed and carefully weighed against all the respective advantages and
            disadvantages of each property in order to arrive at a fair comparison of market value and capital values.

            The valuation assumptions, unless otherwise stated, the valuer assumed that:

            (a)   The assets within the scope of the assessment are owned by the appraised unit and there is no ownership
                  dispute;

            (b)   The assessment information provided by the entrusting party and the appraised unit is true, lawful and complete;
                  and

            (c)   The assessment data collected by the assessors in the capacity range is authentic and credible.

            There was no change from the valuation technique used during the year. In estimating the fair value of the properties,
            the highest and best use of the properties is their current use.

            The valuation of investment properties is determined by various major inputs:

            As at 31 December 2025, the major unobservable inputs applied in valuing the investment properties was adjusted
            market selling price per each square meter with reference to recent transactions, taken into account and adjusted for
            nature, location, conditions, transaction time and plot ratio. The range of unit market price was from RMB3,959 to
            RMB4,038 (2024: RMB4,071 to RMB4,152). An increase in unit market price would result in an increase in the fair value of
            investment properties, and vice versa.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   161


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                                    HK$’000             HK$’000


     Cost of unlisted investments                                                                  7,380,604          7,411,892
     Share of post-acquisition profit and other comprehensive income                                 206,936            207,063

     Group’s share of net assets                                                                   7,587,540          7,618,955
     Amounts due from associates                                                                      17,176            172,075

                                                                                                   7,604,716          7,791,030


     Amounts due from associates are unsecured, interest-free and not recoverable within next twelve months.

     The summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s material associates is set out below:

     Shanghai Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Company Limited (the “Xudong Haipu”)
                                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                                    HK$’000             HK$’000


     Total assets                                                                                  2,663,277          2,913,520
     Total liabilities                                                                              (511,378)          (822,852)

     Net assets of the associate                                                                   2,151,899          2,090,668
     Less: Non-controlling interests                                                                 (79,214)           (71,334)

     Net assets attributable to owners of the associate                                            2,072,685          2,019,334

     Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                                  1,139,977          1,110,634
     Goodwill                                                                                        912,056            875,304

                                                                                                   2,052,033          1,985,938

     Revenue                                                                                         925,529            952,994

     Profit for the year                                                                             120,172            225,172

     Share of result in an associate for the year                                                     66,095            123,845

     Dividend received during the year                                                                      –           358,081
162    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd. (the “Grand Pharma Sphere”)
                                                                                   2025          2024
                                                                                 HK$’000       HK$’000


      Total assets                                                             11,929,936    12,851,251
      Total liabilities                                                        (3,634,538)   (3,823,388)

      Net assets                                                                8,295,398     9,027,863

      Group’s share of net assets of the associate                              5,066,029     5,055,603

      Revenue                                                                   1,859,063     1,513,648

      Profit for the year                                                          64,134        28,687

      Share of result of an associate for the year                                 37,185        16,633


      Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material
                                                                                   2025          2024
                                                                                 HK$’000       HK$’000


      The Group’s share of results of associates                                  (27,221)       28,330

      The Group’s share of net assets of associates                              469,478       577,414
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025             163


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
     Details of the principal associates as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 are as follows:

                           Place of         Form of                    Percentage of             Particulars of
                           incorporation/   business             equity interest and voting      issued/paid-up
     Name                  operation        structure           power held by the Company        capital               Principal activities
                                                                       2025             2024


     Cardionovum Holding   Hong Kong/       Limited liability        33.33%           33.33%     Contributed capital   Development, production
                             Hong Kong      company                (indirect)       (indirect)     USD93,000,000         and distribution of
                                                                                                                         advanced cardiovascular
                                                                                                                         interventional medical
                                                                                                                         devices and the provision
                                                                                                                         of related services

     Xudong Haipu          PRC/PRC          Limited liability        55.00%           55.00%     Contributed capital   Production and sales of
       (note (a) & (d))                     company                (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB60,000,000         pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                         preparations for
                                                                                                                         injections

     Grand Pharma Sphere   Singapore/       Limited liability        57.98%           57.98%     Contributed capital   Investment holding
       (note (b))             Singapore     company                (indirect)       (indirect)     USD100



     Nanjing Fuhan         PRC/PRC          Limited                  51.00%           51.00%     Contributed capital   Investment holding
       (note (e))                           partnership            (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB40,000,000

     Nanjing Kainite       PRC/PRC          Limited liability            NA           29.27%     Contributed capital   Development of
       (note (c) & (e))                     company                                 (indirect)     RMB3,100,000          Neurological intervention

     CoRISMA               USA/USA          Limited liability        22.20%           22.20%     Contributed capital   Development of global
                                            company                (indirect)       (indirect)     USD13,250,000         innovative medical
                                                                                                                         devices

     FastWave              USA/USA          Limited liability        40.00%           40.00%     Contributed capital   Development of global
                                            company                (indirect)       (indirect)     USD1,200,000          cerebro-cardiovascular
                                                                                                                         precision interventional
                                                                                                                         devices
164     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      Notes:

      (a)      Xudong Haipu was an associate of Taiwan Tung Yang International Company Limited (“Tung Yang”). The Company entered into the acquisition
               agreement, the Company had acquired 100% of the Tung Yang shares at aggregate consideration HK$2,004,227,000 which are settled by cash
               and shares. Upon completion of the acquisition, Tung Yang is a directly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Xudong Haipu and its
               subsidiaries are classified as associates of the Company after Completion. This is because material decisions of Xudong Haipu (including but
               not limited to the approval of its annual budget, manufacturing plan and profit distribution policy) are subject to the resolutions of the board
               of directors of Xudong Haipu which must be passed by at least two-third of its directors in attendance under the articles of association of
               Xudong Haipu. As Tung Yang is entitled to appoint only four out of the seven directors of Xudong Haipu, Tung Yang does not have control
               over the operations and financial management of Xudong Haipu.

               The completion of the acquisition took place on 5 September 2018.

               Even the Company was holding 55% of shares of Xudong Haipu, since the resolutions requires at least 5 out of 7 directors’ approval to pass,
               where the Company only entitled to appoint 4 directors on the board meeting, the Company does not have control over the associate.

      (b)      Grand Pharma Sphere was an associate of Grand Decade Developments Limited (“Grand Decade”) and it was the immediate holder of Grand
               Pharma Sphere (Australia BidCo) Pte Ltd. (“BidCo”).

      (c)      Nanjing Kainite Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Kainite”) was an associate of Grand Pharm (China). The Group is able to exercise
               significant influence over Nanjing Kainite because it has the power to appoint two out of the five directors of that company under the
               shareholders agreement.

               During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group completed the acquisition of further 30.64% equity interest in Nanjing Kainite. Upon
               completion of the acquisition, the Group’s equity interest in Nanjing Kainite was 59.91% and Nanjing Kainite become a non-wholly owned
               subsidiary of the the Group.

      (d)      Xudong Haipu is a wholly foreign owned enterprise.

      (e)      These companies are wholly-domestic owned enterprises.

      (f)      In determining whether there is any objective evidence of impairment of the Group’s interest in associate, the directors of the Company
               consider any loss events at the end of the reporting period which may have an impact on the estimated cash flows of its associates. The
               directors of the Company assessed there is no objective impairment indicators was identified. Accordingly, no impairment loss is recognised.


      The above table lists associates of the Group which, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, principally affected the
      results of the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the group. To give details of other associates would, in
      the opinion of the directors of the Company, result in particulars of excessive length.

20. GOODWILL
                                                                                                                                                   HK$’000


      As at 1 January 2024                                                                                                                         588,622
      Arising on acquisition of subsidiaries (note 38(a))                                                                                          793,812
      Impairment loss recognised for the year                                                                                                      (49,073)
      Exchange realignment                                                                                                                         (33,620)

      As at 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                                                                                  1,299,741
      Arising on acquisition of subsidiaries (note 38(a))                                                                                          312,161
      Exchange realignment                                                                                                                          64,973
      As at 31 December 2025                                                                                                                   1,676,875
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025      165


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

20. GOODWILL (Continued)
     Impairment Tests for Cash-generating Units Containing Goodwill
     Goodwill acquired has been allocated for impairment testing purposes to the following cash generating units (“CGU”):

     –     Wuhan Kernel Bio-tech Co., Ltd. (“Wuhan Kernel”)

     –     Grand Pharmaceutical (Xiantao) Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Hubei Wellness Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.)
           (“Grand Pharmaceutical (Xiantao)”)

     –     Beijing Rui Yao Technology Limited (“Beijing Rui Yao”)

     –     Beijing Grand Johamu Pharmaceutical Limited (“Johamu”)

     –     Tianjin Jingming New Technology Development Co., Ltd. (“Tianjin Jingming”)

     –     Grand Beilin (Xi’an) Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Xi’an Beilin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.) (“Grand Beilin
           (Xi’an)”)

     –     Yuanda Huachen (Hubei) BioTech Co., Ltd(formerly known as Cangzhou Huachen BioTech Co., Ltd) (“Huachen BioTech”)

     –     Beijing Puer Weiye Biotechnology Co., Ltd (“Puer Weiye”)

     –     Yuanda Bafeng (Hubei) Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Hubei Bafeng Pharmaceutical & Chemicals Share
           Co., Ltd.) (“Hubei Bafeng”)

     –     Chongqing Duoputai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Chongqing Duoputai”)

     –     Grand Johamu (Jiangxi) Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and Jiangxi Baian Baiyu Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd.
           (collectively referred to as “Baiji Pharmaceutical”)

     –     Grand Pharmaceutical (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. (“Tianjin Tanabe”)

     –     Qinghai Yixin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Qinghai Yixin”)

     –     Nanjing Kainite Medical Technology Company Limited (“Nanjing Kainite”)
166    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

20. GOODWILL (Continued)
      Impairment Tests for Cash-generating Units Containing Goodwill (Continued)
      The Group tests goodwill annually for impairment, or more frequently if there are indications that goodwill might be
      impaired.

      The carrying amount of goodwill (net of accumulated impairment losses) was allocated to CGU as follows:

                                                                                                                       2025                    2024
                                                                                                                     HK$’000                 HK$’000


      Wuhan Kernel                                                                                                     15,529                  14,904
      Grand Pharmaceutical (Xiantao) (formerly named as “Hubei Wellness”)                                              22,406                  21,504
      Beijing Rui Yao                                                                                                  23,929                  22,965
      Johamu (formerly known as “Jiu He”)                                                                             178,344                 171,158
      Tianjin Jingming                                                                                                 20,275                  19,458
      Grand Beilin (Xi’an) (formerly named as “Xi’an Beilin”)                                                         121,350                 116,460
      Huachen BioTech                                                                                                  29,049                  27,878
      Puer Weiye                                                                                                       10,051                   9,646
      Hubei Bafeng                                                                                                    122,156                 117,233
      Chongqing Duoputai                                                                                              502,026                 481,796
      Baiji Pharmaceutical                                                                                            108,025                 103,672
      Tianjin Tanabe                                                                                                  201,174                 193,067
      Qinghai Yixin                                                                                                   211,691                       –
      Nanjing Kainite                                                                                                 110,870                       –

                                                                                                                   1,676,875                1,299,741

      Notes:

      Wuhan Kernel

      The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
      financial budgets approved by management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 12.5% (2024: 12.3%) that reflects current
      market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated using 2.0%
      growth rate per annum (2024: 2.0%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the
      recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

      As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment loss was
      recognised.

      Grand Pharmaceutical (Xiantao)

      The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
      financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 19.0% (2024: 12.5%) that reflects
      current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
      using 2.0% growth rate per annum (2024: 2.0%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which
      the recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

      As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment loss was
      recognised.
                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025          167


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

20. GOODWILL (Continued)
     Impairment Tests for Cash-generating Units Containing Goodwill (Continued)
     Notes: (Continued)

     Beijing Rui Yao

     The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
     financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 13.1% (2024: 13.7%) that reflects
     current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
     using 2.0% growth rate per annum (2024: 2.0%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which
     the recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

     As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment loss was
     recognised.

     Johamu

     The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
     financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 12.8% (2024: 15.0%) that reflects
     current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
     using 2.0% growth rate per annum (2024: 2.0%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which
     the recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

     As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill and intangible assets are allocated, no
     impairment loss was recognised.

     Tianjin Jingming

     The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
     financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 15.6% (2024: 15.5%) that reflects
     current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
     using 2.0% growth rate per annum (2024: 2.0%).

     With the assistance from an independent valuer, the directors determine the recoverable amount which based on value in use calculation to be lower
     than the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill and intangible assets are allocated, an impairment loss of goodwill of approximately
     HK$20,052,000 was recognised for the year ended 31 December 2024. No impairment loss of other asset allocated to Tianjin Jingming is considered
     necessary for the year ended 31 December 2024. The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which
     the recoverable amount is based would not cause further impairment loss on goodwill and other assets of Tianjin Jingming.

     As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill and intangible assets are allocated, no
     impairment loss was recognised for the year ended 31 December 2025.

     Grand Beilin (Xi’an)

     The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
     financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 12.8% (2024: 14.5%) that reflects
     current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
     using 2.0% growth rate per annum (2024: 2.0%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which
     the recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

     As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill and intangible assets are allocated, no
     impairment loss was recognised.
168    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

20. GOODWILL (Continued)
      Impairment Tests for Cash-generating Units Containing Goodwill (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)

      Huachen BioTech

      The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
      financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 14.1% (2024: 14.1%) that reflects
      current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
      using 2.0% growth rate per annum (2024: 2.0%).

      With the assistance from an independent valuer, the directors determine the recoverable amount which based on value in use calculation to be lower
      than the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill are allocated, an impairment loss of goodwill of approximately HK$29,021,000 was recognised for
      the year ended 31 December 2024. No impairment loss of other asset allocated to Tianjin Jingming is considered necessary for the year ended 31
      December 2024.

      As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment loss was
      recognised for the year ended 31 December 2025. The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which
      the recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

      Puer Weiye

      The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
      financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 13.2% (2024: 13.7%) that reflects
      current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
      using 2.0% growth rate per annum (2024: 2.0%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which
      the recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

      As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment loss was
      recognised.

      Hubei Bafeng

      The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
      financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 13.2% (2024: 13.7%) that reflects
      current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
      using 2.0% (2024: 2.0%) growth rate per annum. The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which
      the recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

      As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill and intangible assets are allocated, no
      impairment loss was recognised.

      Chongqing Duoputai

      The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
      financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 15.1% (2024: 15.2%) that reflects
      current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
      using 2.0% (2024: 2.0%) growth rate per annum. The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which
      the recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

      As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment loss was
      recognised.
                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025          169


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

20. GOODWILL (Continued)
     Impairment Tests for Cash-generating Units Containing Goodwill (Continued)
     Notes: (Continued)

     Baiji Pharmaceutical

     The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
     financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 16.0% (2024: 16.1%) that reflects
     current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
     using 2.0% (2024: 2.0%) growth rate per annum. The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which
     the recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

     As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment loss was
     recognised.

     Tianjin Tanabe

     The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
     financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 16.1% (2024: 16.5%) that reflects
     current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
     using 2.0% (2024: 2.0%) growth rate per annum. The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which
     the recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

     As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment loss was
     recognised.

     Qinghai Yixin

     The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
     financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 12.2% that reflects current market
     assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated using 2.0% growth
     rate per annum. The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable amount is based
     would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

     As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment loss was
     recognised.

     Nanjing Kainite

     The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
     financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 15.3% that reflects current market
     assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated using 2.0% growth
     rate per annum. The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable amount is based
     would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

     As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment loss was
     recognised.

     The other key assumptions used in the value in use calculations for the cash-generating units are as follows:

     Budgeted-revenue-growth                Average revenue growth in the period immediately before the budget period forms a basis of budgeted
                                            revenue growth rate in the following five years forecast. The values assigned to the assumption reflect past
                                            experience and market expectation and are consistent with the directors’ plans for focusing operations in
                                            these markets. Factors for assumption might include national inflation rate, national GDP growth rate, market
                                            demand, technological obsolete, etc. The directors believe that the budgeted revenue growth per year for the
                                            next five years is reasonably achievable.

     Budgeted gross margin                  Average gross margins achieved in the period immediately before the budget period, increased for expected
                                            efficiency improvements. This reflects past experience.
170     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

21. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES
      Particulars of the Group’s principal subsidiaries as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 are as follows:

                                       Place of         Form of               Percentage of effective          Particulars of
                                       incorporation/   business             equity interest and voting        issued/paid-up
      Name                             operation        structure           power held by the Company          capital               Principal activities
                                                                                  2025                2024


      Grand Pharm (China) Co., Ltd.    PRC/PRC          Limited liability       99.84%              99.84%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical
         (“Grand Pharm (China)”)                           company            (indirect)          (indirect)     RMB2,351,254,765       products in the PRC

      Wuhan Wuyao. Pharmaceutical Co. PRC/PRC           Limited liability       99.18%              99.18%     Contributed capital   Production and sale of pharmaceutical raw
        Ltd (“Wuhan Wuyao”)                                company            (indirect)          (indirect)     RMB61,000,000          material and chemicals and export of
                                                                                                                                        self-made products and related
                                                                                                                                        technologies

      Wuhan Grand Hoyo Co., Ltd.       PRC/PRC          Limited liability       97.67%              97.67%     Paid up capital       Manufacture and distribution of amino
        (“Wuhan Grand Hoyo”)                               company            (indirect)          (indirect)      RMB50,000,000         acid products

      Hubei Grand Fuchi Production and PRC/PRC          Limited liability       89.60%              89.60%     Contributed capital   Pharmaceutical agrochemicals, fine
         Sales of and Chemical Company                     company            (indirect)          (indirect)     RMB38,990,000          chemicals and chemical medicine
         Limited (“Hubei Fuchi”)

      Hubei Grand EBE Bright Eyes      PRC/PRC          Limited liability       99.84%              99.84%     Contributed capital   Production and sales of ophthalmic gel
         Company Limited (“Hubei Grand                     company            (indirect)          (indirect)     RMB114,000,000         and eye drops
         EBE”)

      Zhejiang Jianju Xianle           PRC/PRC          Limited liability       67.00%              67.00%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of steroid
         Pharmaceutical Company                            company              (direct)            (direct)     RMB10,000,000          hormones active pharmaceutical
         Limited (“Zhejiang Xianle”)                                                                                                    ingredients (“APls”) and related
                                                                                                                                        Intermediates

      Wuhan Kernel                     PRC/PRC          Limited liability       91.56%              91.56%     Contributed capital   Research and development, production
                                                           company            (indirect)          (indirect)     RMB79,200,000          and sale of bio-pesticides and
                                                                                                                                        additives

      Grand Pharmaceutical (Xiantao)   PRC/PRC          Limited liability       99.84%              99.84%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical
                                                           company            (indirect)          (indirect)     RMB48,000,000          products in the PRC

      Beijing Rui Yao                  PRC/PRC          Limited liability       99.84%              99.84%     Contributed capital   Investment holding
                                                           company            (indirect)          (indirect)     RMB23,901,750

      Beijing Huajin Pharmaceutical Co., PRC/PRC        Limited liability       71.88%              71.88%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical
          Ltd. (“Beijing Huajin”)                          company            (indirect)          (indirect)     RMB7,886,400           products in the PRC
                                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025                   171


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

21. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
                                        Place of          Form of               Percentage of effective          Particulars of
                                        incorporation/    business             equity interest and voting        issued/paid-up
     Name                               operation         structure           power held by the Company          capital               Principal activities
                                                                                    2025                2024


     Johamu                             PRC/PRC           Limited liability       96.84%              96.84%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of capsules,
                                                             company            (indirect)          (indirect)      RMB20,000,000         pharmaceutical intermediates, tablets,
                                                                                                                                          granules and soft capsules in the PRC

     Tianjin Jingming                   PRC/PRC           Limited liability       73.18%              73.18%     Contributed capital   Research and development, manufacture
                                                             company            (indirect)          (indirect)      RMB1,000,000          and sales of ophthalmic medical
                                                                                                                                          devices and disposal surgical product

     Grand Beilin (Xi’an)               PRC/PRC           Limited liability       99.84%              99.84%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of Chinese
                                                             company            (indirect)          (indirect)      RMB27,800,000         medicine and health food product

     Grand Decade                       BVI/BVI           Limited liability         100%                100%     Contributed capital   Investment holding
                                                             company              (direct)            (direct)      HKD78,000

     Tung Yang                          Hong Kong/Hong Limited liability            100%                100%     Contributed capital   Investment holding
                                           Kong           company                 (direct)            (direct)      HKD27,654,100

     Huachen BioTech                    PRC/PRC           Limited liability       77.94%              77.94%     Contributed capital   Research and development, sales and
                                                             company            (indirect)          (indirect)      RMB100,000,000        technical services of amino acid
                                                                                                                                          products

     East Ocean Medical                 Hong Kong/Hong Limited liability            100%                100%     Contributed capital   Investment holding
                                           Kong           company                 (direct)            (direct)      HKD117,000,000

     Puer Weiye                         PRC/PRC           Limited liability       99.84%              99.84%     Contributed capital   Radioactive Pharmaceutical production
                                                             company            (indirect)          (indirect)      RMB18,000,000         and trading of radioactive
                                                                                                                                          pharmaceutical

     Hubei Bafeng                       PRC/PRC           Limited liability       99.84%              99.84%     Contributed capital   Research and development, production
                                                             company            (indirect)          (indirect)      RMB30,000,000         and operation of amino acid APIs and
                                                                                                                                          preparations

     BlackSwan Vascular, Inc.           US/US             Limited liability       87.50%              87.50%     Contributed capital   Research and development, liquid
                                                             company            (indirect)          (indirect)      USD12,836,024         embolism


     Grand Wuyao (Jiangsu)                PRC/PRC         Limited liability       78.35%              78.35%     Contributed capital   Production and sale of pharmaceutical raw
        Pharmaceutical Co, Ltd. (formerly                    company            (indirect)          (indirect)      RMB100,000,000        material and chemicals and export of
        known as Lianyungang JARI                                                                                                         self-made products and related
        Pharmaceutical Co, Ltd.) (“Grand                                                                                                  technologies
        Wuyao (Jiangsu)”)(note (i))
172         Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

21. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
                                        Place of         Form of               Percentage of effective          Particulars of
                                        incorporation/   business             equity interest and voting        issued/paid-up
      Name                              operation        structure           power held by the Company          capital               Principal activities
                                                                                   2025                2024


      Chongqing Duoputai (note (ii))    PRC/PRC          Limited liability       89.86%              89.86%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of Chinese
                                                            company            (indirect)          (indirect)      RMB54,200,000         medicine and health food product


      Grand Johamu (Jiangxi)            PRC/PRC          Limited liability       96.84%              96.84%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of hormonal nasal
         Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                           company            (indirect)          (indirect)      RMB28,000,000         spray and related technologies
         (note (iii))

      Jiangxi Baian Baiyu Pharmaceutical PRC/PRC         Limited liability       96.84%              96.84%     Contributed capital   Land holding
          Technology Co., Ltd (note (iii))                  company            (indirect)          (indirect)      RMB4,000,000


      Grand Pharmaceutical (Tianjin) Co., PRC/PRC        Limited liability       99.84%              99.84%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of cerebro
         Ltd (note (iv))                                    company            (indirect)          (indirect)      RMB110,533,000        cardiovascular product


      Qinghai Yixin (note (v))          PRC/PRC          Limited liability       79.87%                    –    Contributed capital   Production and sales of pharmaceutical
                                                            company            (indirect)                          RMB33,000,000         products


      Nanjing Kainite (note (vi))       PRC/PRC          Limited liability       59.81%                    –    Contributed capital   Investment holding
                                                            company            (indirect)                          RMB2,494,341

      (i)       On 9 January 2024, the Group acquired 79.22% interest in Grand Wuyao (Jiangsu) . Upon completion of acquisition, the effective equity interest
                in Grand Wuyao (Jiangsu) held by the Group is approximately 78.35%.

      (ii)      On 20 February 2024, the Group acquired 63.00% interest in Chongqing Duoputai. In additional to the acquisition of 27.00% equity interest in
                Chongqing Duoputai completed in January 2024, which is classified as financial assets at that moment, the Group achieved 90% equity interest
                and has obtained control. Upon completion of the second acquisition, the effective equity interest in Chongqing Duoputai held by the Group
                is approximately 89.86%.

      (iii)     On 13 June 2024, the Group completed an acquisition on 100% interest in Baiji Pharmaceutical (currently known as Grand Johamu (Jiangxi)
                Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd) and Jiangxi Baian Baiyu Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd. Upon completion of acquisition, the effective equity
                interest in Baiji Pharmaceutical held by the Group is approximately 96.84%. During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group has entered
                into written put option arrangement with non-controlling interests, pursuant to which the Group will purchase the remaining equity interest
                held by non-controlling interests at a price with predetermined multiples in the third year, along with the completed acquisition of Chongqing
                Duoputai.

      (iv)      On 3 July 2024, the Group acquired 100.00% equity interest in Tianjin Tanabe. Upon completion of acquisition, the effective equity interest in
                Tianjin Tanabe held by the Group is approximately 99.84%.

      (v)       On 10 March 2025, the Group acquired an 80.00% interest in Qinghai Yixin. Upon completion of acquisition, the effective equity interest in
                Qinghai Yixin held by the Group is approximately 79.87%.

      (vi)      On 31 March 2025, the Group completed the acquisition of further 30.64% equity interest in Nanjing Kainite and obtained the control on the
                company and its subsidiary. Upon completion of acquisition, the effective equity interest in Nanjing Kainite held by the Group is approximately
                59.81%.
                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025               173


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

21. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     Detail of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests

                                  Place of
                                  incorporation/            Proportion of ownership
                                  registration          interests and voting rights held       Profits/(loss) allocated to                       Accumulated
     Name of Company              and operation           by non-controlling interests         non-controlling interests                    non-controlling interests
                                                                2025                 2024           2025                     2024                  2025                 2024


     Wuhan Grand Hoyo             PRC/PRC                      2.33%                2.33%           3,310                    5,315             26,218               21,913

     Johamu                       PRC/PRC                      3.16%                3.16%         17,020                 16,644                35,753               17,611

     Wuhan Kernel                 PRC/PRC                      8.44%                8.44%           3,408                    4,348             38,395               33,956

     Qinghai Yixin                PRC/PRC                     20.13%                       –      11,350                        –              65,252                     –

     Nanjing Kainite              PRC/PRC                     40.19%                       –       (5,775)                      –              57,996                     –

     Summarised financial information in respect of each of the Group’s subsidiaries that has material non-controlling interests is set out below. The
     summarised financial information below represents amounts before intragroup eliminations.

     Wuhan Grand Hoyo and its subsidiaries

                                                                                                                                         2025                      2024
                                                                                                                                       HK$’000                   HK$’000


     Current assets                                                                                                                  1,292,965                 1,119,466
     Non-current assets                                                                                                                383,260                   350,596
     Current liabilities                                                                                                              (422,556)                 (509,423)
     Non-current liabilities                                                                                                          (128,439)                  (20,059)
     Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                                                    1,099,012                   918,667
     Non-controlling interests                                                                                                          26,218                    21,913

     Revenue                                                                                                                          1,708,246                1,769,250
     Other revenue and income                                                                                                            24,854                   32,257
     Expenses                                                                                                                        (1,591,033)              (1,573,402)

     Profit for the year                                                                                                               142,067                   228,105

     Profit attributable to owners of the Company                                                                                      138,757                   222,790
     Profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                    3,310                     5,315

     Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                                           184,650                   197,156

     Total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the Company                                                                  180,345                   192,563
     Total comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                4,305                     4,593

     Dividend paid to non-controlling interest                                                                                               –                     (3,792)
     Net cash inflow from/(outflow to) operating activities                                                                            499,697                    (31,741)
     Net cash outflow to investing activities                                                                                          (13,645)                    (9,362)
     Net cash (outflow to)/inflow from financing activities
        (exclude dividend paid to non-controlling interests)                                                                          (226,271)                  218,773
     Effect of foreign exchange rate charges                                                                                            18,487                     3,540

     Net cash inflow                                                                                                                   278,268                   177,418
174     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

21. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      Detail of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests (Continued)

      Wuhan Kernel

                                                                                                           2025        2024
                                                                                                         HK$’000     HK$’000


      Current assets                                                                                      295,806     279,771
      Non-current assets                                                                                  395,395     337,665
      Current liabilities                                                                                (168,085)   (199,782)
      Non-current liabilities                                                                             (68,203)    (15,328)
      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                        416,518     368,370
      Non-controlling interests                                                                            38,395      33,956

      Revenue                                                                                             467,534     410,293
      Other revenue and income                                                                             14,805      11,312
      Expenses                                                                                           (441,956)   (370,088)

      Profit for the year                                                                                 40,383      51,517

      Profit attributable to owners of the Company                                                        36,975      47,169
      Profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                     3,408       4,348

      Total comprehensive income for the year                                                             52,855      33,034

      Total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the Company                                    48,148      30,425
      Total comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests                                 4,707       2,609

      Dividend paid to non-controlling interest                                                             (268)        (237)
      Net cash inflow from/(outflow to) operating activities                                              30,028      (13,322)
      Net cash outflow to investing activities                                                            (4,678)      (4,486)
      Net cash inflow from financing activities (excluding dividend paid to non-controlling interest)     31,893          869
      Effect of foreign exchange rate charges                                                              2,309         (323)

      Net cash inflow/(outflow)                                                                           59,284      (17,499)
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025        175


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

21. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     Detail of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests (Continued)

     Johamu and its subsidiaries

                                                                                                            2025               2024
                                                                                                          HK$’000            HK$’000


     Current assets                                                                                     1,252,699             654,221
     Non-current assets                                                                                   355,621             363,822
     Current liabilities                                                                                 (458,810)           (441,644)
     Non-current liabilities                                                                              (18,075)            (19,080)
     Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                       1,095,682             539,708
     Non-controlling interests                                                                             35,753              17,611

     Revenue                                                                                             1,994,918          1,642,322
     Other (expense and loss)/revenue and income, net                                                      (16,707)            (1,245)
     Expenses                                                                                           (1,439,611)        (1,114,360)

     Profit for the year                                                                                  538,600            526,717

     Profit attributable to owners of the Company                                                         521,580            510,073
     Profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                      17,020             16,644

     Total comprehensive income for the year                                                              574,116            508,318

     Total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the Company                                     555,974            492,288
     Total comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests                                  18,142             16,030

     Dividend paid to non-controlling interest                                                                  –                (14,958)
     Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                            474,814                 77,427
     Net cash outflow to investing activities                                                             (45,899)               (38,339)
     Net cash (outflow to)/inflow from financing activities
        (excluding dividend paid to non-controlling interest)                                            (467,318)                   757
     Effect of foreign exchange rate charges                                                                  810                 (1,001)

     Net cash (outflow)/inflow                                                                            (37,593)               23,886
176     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

21. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      Detail of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests (Continued)

      Qinghai Yixin

                                                                                                           2025
                                                                                                         HK$’000


      Current assets                                                                                      164,946
      Non-current assets                                                                                  373,017
      Current liabilities                                                                                (162,646)
      Non-current liabilities                                                                             (51,164)
      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                        258,901
      Non-controlling interests                                                                            65,252

      Revenue                                                                                             282,673
      Other revenue and income                                                                              1,081
      Expenses                                                                                           (227,371)

      Profit for the year                                                                                 56,383

      Profit attributable to owners of the Company                                                        45,033
      Profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                    11,350

      Total comprehensive income for the year                                                             63,696

      Total comprehensive income attributable to
        owners of the Company                                                                             50,535
      Total comprehensive income attributable to
        non-controlling interests                                                                         13,161

      Dividend paid to non-controlling interest                                                                –
      Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                           14,457
      Net cash outflow from investing activities                                                            (787)
      Net cash outflow to financing activities (excluding
         dividend paid to non-controlling interest)                                                            –
      Effect of foreign exchange rate charges                                                                367

      Net cash inflow                                                                                     14,037
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025       177


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

21. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     Detail of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests (Continued)

     Nanjing Kainite and its subsidiary

                                                                                                                          2025
                                                                                                                        HK$’000


     Current assets                                                                                                       5,210
     Non-current assets                                                                                                 157,961
     Current liabilities                                                                                                 (1,095)
     Non-current liabilities                                                                                            (17,771)
     Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                                        86,309
     Non-controlling interests                                                                                           57,996

     Revenue                                                                                                                   –
     Other revenue and income                                                                                                 46
     Expenses                                                                                                            (14,416)

     Loss for the year                                                                                                   (14,370)

     Loss attributable to owners of the Company                                                                              (8,595)
     Loss attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                          (5,775)

     Total comprehensive loss for the year                                                                               (10,274)

     Total comprehensive loss attributable to
     owners of the Company                                                                                                   (6,300)
     Total comprehensive loss attributable to
       non-controlling interests                                                                                             (3,974)

     Dividend paid to non-controlling interest                                                                                   –
     Net cash outflow from operating activities                                                                               (823)
     Net cash outflow from investing activities                                                                               (303)
     Net cash outflow to financing activities (excluding
        dividend paid to non-controlling interest)                                                                               –
     Effect of foreign exchange rate charges                                                                                    39

     Net cash outflow                                                                                                        (1,087)
178     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

22. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                            Patent,
                                                                    trademark and
                                                                        capitalised
                                                  Pharmaceutical      development       Acquired        Customer
                                                     technology                cost   technology     relationship            Total
                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000


      Cost
      As at 1 January 2024                                 6,954           837,121        967,039               –         1,811,114
      Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 38(a))                 –                 –        451,724          84,637           536,361
      Addition                                                 –             1,021         40,233               –            41,254
      Exchange realignment                                  (228)          (27,450)       (34,419)         (1,629)          (63,726)

      As at 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025            6,726           810,692      1,424,577          83,008         2,325,003
      Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 38(a))                 –                 –        481,074               –           481,074
      Addition                                                 –               539        795,414               –           795,953
      Exchange realignment                                   282            34,052         66,919           3,485           104,738
      As at 31 December 2025                              7,008           845,283      2,767,984          86,493        3,706,768
      Accumulated amortisation and
         impairment loss
      As at 1 January 2024                                 2,984                 –        151,251               –          154,235
      Provided for the year                                  343                 –         79,125          14,593           94,061
      Exchange realignment                                  (104)                –         (5,636)           (281)          (6,021)

      As at 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025            3,223                 –        224,740          14,312          242,275
      Provided for the year                                  343                 –        153,720          29,856          183,919
      Exchange realignment                                   143                 –          9,727           1,273           11,143
      As at 31 December 2025                              3,709                  –       388,187          45,441          437,337

      Net carrying amounts
      As at 31 December 2025                              3,299           845,283      2,379,797          41,052        3,269,431
      As at 31 December 2024                               3,503           810,692      1,199,837          68,696         2,082,728


      The economic useful life of recognised intangible assets are as follows:

      Intangible assets                                                                                     Economic useful life
      Pharmaceutical technology                                                                                           20 years
      Acquired technology                                                                                        5 years–19 years
      Patents, trademarks and capitalised development cost                                                   indefinite useful lives
      Customer relationship                                                                                                 5 years

      The patents and trademarks will expire in the coming five to twenty years and subject to renewal. The directors of the
      Company are not aware of any expected impediment with respect to the renewal of the patents and trademarks and
      consider that the possibility of failing in renewal is remote and the patents and trademarks will generate net cash flows for
      the Group for an indefinite period. Therefore, the patents and trademarks are treated as having an indefinite useful life.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025      179


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

22. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
     The carrying amount of intangible assets were allocated to CGU as follow:

                                                                                                       2025                 2024
                                                                                                     HK$’000              HK$’000


     Johamu                                                                                          499,448              479,323
     Tianjin Jingming                                                                                 52,018               44,922
     Grand Beilin (Xi’an)                                                                            191,003              182,098
     East Ocean                                                                                      142,691               38,816
     Shenming Medical                                                                                  8,336                8,502
     Hubei Bafeng                                                                                     67,010               64,310
     Chongqing Duoputai                                                                              216,253              257,618
     Baiji Pharmaceutical                                                                            197,443              167,431
     Tianjin Tanabe                                                                                   46,513               49,894
     Qinghai Yixin                                                                                   325,176                    –
     Nanjing Kainite                                                                                 110,721                    –

                                                                                                   1,856,612            1,292,914


     For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill, patents, trademarks and customer relationship above have been allocated
     to the acquired cash generating units, details of impairment assessment were set out in note 20. During the years ended 31
     December 2025 and 2024, the management of the Group determined that there was no impairment loss to the intangible
     assets.

23. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS
     The following are the major deferred tax assets recognised and the movements thereof during the current and prior years:

                                                                                                  Allowance
                                                                                               and provision                Total
                                                                                                     HK$’000              HK$’000


     As at 1 January 2024                                                                               25,111             25,111
     Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 38(a))                                                            4,594              4,594
     Credited to profit or loss (note 11)                                                                4,766              4,766
     Exchange realignment                                                                               (1,015)            (1,015)

     As at 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                                          33,456             33,456
     Credited to profit or loss (note 11)                                                               35,440             35,440
     Exchange realignment                                                                                1,736              1,736
     As at 31 December 2025                                                                            70,632             70,632


     As at 31 December 2025, the Group has estimated unused tax losses of approximately HK$1,580,570,000 (2024:
     HK$1,156,968,000) available to offset against future profits. No deferred tax assets have been recognised in respect of the tax
     losses due to the unpredictability of future profit streams.
180     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

24. EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                                           2025                    2024
                                                                                                                         HK$’000                 HK$’000


      Unlisted equity securities (note a)                                                                                 38,800                  223,643
      Listed equity securities (note b)                                                                                  170,856                   24,081

                                                                                                                         209,656                  247,724

      Notes:

      (a)      As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the fair value of the unlisted equity securities was arrived on the basis of valuations carried out by an
               independent professional valuer, details of movements are set out in note 5(b)(vi).

      (b)      As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the fair value of the listed equity securities was determined with reference to quoted market bid prices.


25. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                                                           2025                    2024
                                                                                                                         HK$’000                 HK$’000


      Listed equity security in Hong Kong (note (a))                                                                      16,666                    9,333
      Listed equity security in Australia (note (a))                                                                     350,146                1,294,065
      Investments at fair value (note (b))                                                                               162,902                  134,262
      Convertible loan (note (c))                                                                                        394,455                  362,301

                                                                                                                         924,169                1,799,961

      Notes:

      (a)      Fair value was determined with reference to quoted market bid prices.

      (b)      As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group’s investments mainly included unlisted fund with fair value measured based on valuation carried
               out by independent valuer, details of are set out in note 5(b)(vi) and wealth management products with fair values determined by reference to
               the quoted market bid prices available on the relevant PRC market.

      (c)      On 22 August 2023, the Group entered into a convertible loan agreement with Grand Pharma Sphere to make available a convertible loan to
               Grand Pharma Sphere at an aggregate principal amount of US$48,340,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$386,485,000) with drawndown
               date on 22 August 2023 and maturity date on 22 August 2024. The convertible loan bears interest of 7.4% per annum and could be converted
               into ordinary shares of Grand Pharma Sphere with its accrued interest and principal, subject to conditions. For details, please refer to
               announcement dated on 21 August 2023.

               Following the extension during the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the maturity date of the convertible loan has been extended to
               30 June 2026.

               Details of fair value measurement are set out in note 5(b)(vi).
                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025          181


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

26. INVENTORIES
                                                                                                                         2025                    2024
                                                                                                                       HK$’000                 HK$’000


     Raw materials                                                                                                     366,703                  266,429
     Work-in-progress                                                                                                  269,672                  351,240
     Finished goods                                                                                                    847,816                  752,913

                                                                                                                     1,484,191                1,370,582


27. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                                         2025                    2024
                                                                                                                       HK$’000                 HK$’000


     Trade receivables, net (note (a))                                                                               1,800,557                1,156,903
     Bills receivables (note (b))                                                                                    1,677,050                1,426,011
     Deposits and prepayments (note (c))                                                                             1,860,806                1,661,873
     Other tax receivables                                                                                             167,440                  136,237
     Other receivables, net (note (a))                                                                                 200,409                  144,105

                                                                                                                     5,706,262                4,525,129
     Less: non-current portion of prepayments (note (c))                                                            (1,026,776)              (1,070,540)

                                                                                                                     4,679,486                3,454,589

     Notes:

     (a)      The Group generally allows a credit period of 30-180 days (2024: 30-180 days) to its trade customers. The Group does not hold any collaterals
              over the trade and other receivables. The following is an aging analysis of trade receivables presented based on the invoice date at the
              reporting date.

                                                                                                                           2025                    2024
                                                                                                                         HK$’000                 HK$’000


              Trade receivables                                                                                        2,009,067               1,307,914
              Less: allowance for ECL                                                                                   (208,510)               (151,011)

              Total trade receivables                                                                                  1,800,557               1,156,903


              The ageing analysis of the trade receivables is as follows:

                                                                                                                           2025                    2024
                                                                                                                         HK$’000                 HK$’000


              Within 90 days                                                                                           1,415,063                 974,187
              91–180 days                                                                                                247,698                 136,143
              181–365 days                                                                                               137,796                  46,573

                                                                                                                       1,800,557               1,156,903


              As of 1 January 2024, the carrying amount of trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to HK$958,261,000.
182     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

27. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)

      (a)   (Continued)

                                                                                                                           2025                     2024
                                                                                                                         HK$’000                  HK$’000


             Other receivables                                                                                            238,926                 191,383
             Less: allowance for ECL                                                                                      (38,517)                (47,278)

             Total other receivables                                                                                      200,409                 144,105


             Allowance for ECL in respect of trade and other receivables are recorded using an allowance account unless the Group is satisfied that
             recovery of the amount is remote, in which case the impairment loss is written off against trade and other receivable balances directly.

             The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancement over its trade and other receivables balances. Trade and other receivables
             are non-interest bearing.

             Details of impairment assessment of trade and other receivables are set out in note 5(b)(iv).

      (b)    The bills receivables were all with maturity within 180 days from the reporting date.

      (c)    During the year ended 31 December 2025, prepayments amounted to approximately HK$1,271,534,000 (2024: HK$1,217,166,000) which mainly
             comprised of the prepayment for the acquisition of technical know-how. The prepayments mainly paid to certain third-party pharmaceutical
             institutes mainly located in the PRC, Australia, Canada, Germany, Denmark and India (2024: PRC, Australia, Canada, Germany, Denmark and
             India) for the acquisition of certain technical knowhow for certain medication pursuant to agreements entered into between the Group and
             those pharmaceutical institutes.

             Specially, as at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the prepayment mainly comprise of the followings:

             (i)     The Group had prepaid of approximately USD25,000,000 (2024: USD25,000,000) (equivalent to approximately HK$194,527,000 (2024:
                     HK$195,000,000)) to Telix Pharmaceuticals Limited related to the milestones payments pursuant to the licensing agreement. Details of
                     which are stated in the Company published announcement dated 1 November 2020.

             (ii)    The Group had prepaid of approximately EUR27,750,000 (2024: EUR27,750,000) (equivalent to approximately HK$241,089,000 (2024:
                     HK$231,373,000)) to ITM Isotope Technologies Munich SE related to the milestones payments of acquisition and license of certain
                     technical know-how. Details of which are stated in the Company published announcement dated 27 December 2021.

             (iii)   The Group had prepaid of approximately EUR10,000,000 (2024: EUR10,000,000) (equivalent to approximately HK$72,736,000 (2024:
                     HK$80,404,000)) to InnovHeart S.r.l. related to the upfront payments of acquisition of certain technical know-how for the year ended 31
                     December 2025 and 2024.

             (iv)    The Group had prepaid of approximately USD8,579,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$66,644,000) to Conavi Medical Inc. related to
                     the milestones payments of acquisition of certain technical know-how for the year ended 31 December 2024. The condition was
                     fulfilled and recognised as intangible assets during the year ended 31 December 2025.

             (v)     the Group had prepaid of approximately HK$120,496,000 to LianBio Development (HK) Limited for acquiring the exclusive development,
                     production and commercialization rights after fulfilling certain condition for the year ended 31 December 2025.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   183


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

28. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS
                                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                                    HK$’000             HK$’000


     Cash at banks                                                                                 1,142,370          1,340,979
     Pledged bank deposits                                                                            22,588                  –


     At the end of the reporting period, cash and cash equivalents comprise of the followings:

                                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                                    HK$’000             HK$’000


     HK$                                                                                                 656                973
     USD                                                                                             187,436            150,335
     Australian dollars (the “AUD”)                                                                      434              2,138
     Euro dollars (the “EUR”)                                                                            434              6,004
     RMB                                                                                             953,407          1,181,486
     Others                                                                                                3                 43

                                                                                                   1,142,370          1,340,979


     As at 31 December 2025, included in pledged bank deposit of approximately HK$22,588,000 (2024: HK$nil) are pledged as
     collateral for bills payables.

     As at 31 December 2025, the annual effective interest rate on pledged bank deposits is 0.85% (2024: nil).

     The remittance of cash and cash equivalents denominated in RMB out of the PRC is subject to the foreign exchange control
     restrictions imposed by the government of the PRC.
184         Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

29. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                                             2025                     2024
                                                                                                                           HK$’000                  HK$’000


      Trade payables                                                                                                       882,790                  640,885
      Bills payables                                                                                                       935,635                  576,475
      Accruals and other payables (note (i), (ii) and (iii), (v))                                                        2,097,365                1,613,513
      Other tax payables                                                                                                   126,691                   97,214
                                                                                                                         4,042,481                2,928,087
      Less: Non-current portion of other payables (note (iv))                                                              (105,798)                        –
                                                                                                                         3,936,683                2,928,087

      Note:

      (i)       Included in accruals and other payables, a contingent consideration payable of approximately HK$118,013,000 arising from share purchase
                agreement to acquire 87.5% equity interests of BlackSwan Vascular, Inc at the acquisition date. The contingent consideration is payable based
                on the achievement of certain revenue targets and approval targets. The contingent consideration payable was recognised initially with
                reference to management’s best estimates of future revenue projections, and probabilities of achieving the specified targets. As at 31
                December 2025, the contingent consideration payables to the original shareholders of BlackSwan Vascular, Inc based on the assumption of
                achievement of certain revenue targets and approval targets was recognised at approximately HK$33,391,000 in aggregate. (2024:
                HK$41,307,000).

      (ii)      Included in accruals and other payables, a contingent consideration payable of approximately HK$71,666,000 arising from share purchase
                agreement to acquire 100.0% equity interests of Baiji Pharmaceutical at the acquisition date. The contingent consideration is payable based on
                the achievement of certain revenue targets and approval targets. The contingent consideration payable was recognised initially with reference
                to management’s best estimates of future revenue projections, and probabilities of achieving the specified targets and revenue. As at 31
                December 2025, the contingent consideration payables to the original shareholders of Baiji Pharmaceutical based on the assumption of
                achievement of certain revenue targets and approval targets was recognised at approximately HK$50,725,000 in aggregate (2024:
                HK$76,705,000).

      (iii)     During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group has entered into put option arrangement with non-controlling interests, pursuant to
                which the Group will purchase the remaining equity interest in a subsidiary held by non-controlling interests at a price, either RMB75,000,000
                or 10% of amount calculated at 10.7 times of net profits of acquired subsidiary for preceding full year, in the third year, along with the
                completed acquisition of subsidiary. The difference between carrying amount of non-controlling interests that reclassified to liability and fair
                value of written put option liability is also recognised in the other reserve.

      (iv)      During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group acquired an 80.00% interest in Qinghai Yixin at a total consideration of RMB392,000,000
                which are payable in 2 installments by end of 31 March 2027. As at 31 December 2025, the consideration payable of approximately HK
                $105,798,000 was recognised as a non-current liability.

      (v)       During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group acquired an 30.64% equity interest in Nanjing Kainite at a total consideration of
                RMB$109,384,000 which are payable in 3 installments by end of 31 December 2026. As at 31 December 2025, the consideration payable of
                approximately HK$ 107,414,000 was included in other payables.


      The following is an aged analysis of trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                                             2025                     2024
                                                                                                                           HK$’000                  HK$’000


      Within 90 days                                                                                                       485,405                  387,730
      Over 90 days                                                                                                         397,385                  253,155
                                                                                                                           882,790                  640,885


      The average credit period on purchases of goods is 90 days.

      The bills payables are mature within 180 days from the end of the reporting period.
                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2025            185


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

30. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                              2025                     2024
                                                                                                                            HK$’000                  HK$’000


     Amount received in advance in relation to sales of pharmaceutical products (note)                                      323,926                   242,719

     Notes:

     (a)      As at 1 January 2024, contract liabilities amounted to approximately HK$198,173,000.

     (b)      Contract liabilities in relation to sales of finished goods are expected to be settled within one year. The entire amount of contract liabilities as
              at 1 January 2025 was all recognised as revenue during current year.


31. BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS
                                                                                                                              2025                     2024
                                                                                                                            HK$’000                  HK$’000


     Bank borrowings (secured and guaranteed) (note)                                                                      3,547,394                 3,288,986
     Bank borrowings (unsecured) (note)                                                                                   1,122,089                 1,070,170
     Other borrowings (unsecured)                                                                                                 –                    24,471
                                                                                                                          4,669,483                 4,383,627

     Carrying amount repayable:
     On demand or within one year                                                                                         2,828,720                 3,127,347
     More than one year but not exceeding two years                                                                         788,867                   927,438
     More than two years but not more than five years                                                                       870,703                   197,305
     More than five years                                                                                                   181,193                   131,537
                                                                                                                          4,669,483                 4,383,627
     Less: non-current portion                                                                                           (1,840,763)               (1,256,280)
     Current portion                                                                                                      2,828,720                 3,127,347


     Note: On 31 January 2024, the Group has borrowed a secured bank borrowing of HK$800,000,000 that was charged at
           variable interest rate of 1.35% plus HIBOR.

              Except above, remaining bank borrowings of the Group are denominated in RMB.

              As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the bank loans of approximately HK$3,607,563,000 and HK$1,061,920,000 are
              granted by banks in the PRC and Hong Kong respectively.

              As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, certain bank loans are guaranteed by Hebei Huayang Group Co., Ltd., a non-
              controlling shareholder of a subsidiary (2024: China Grand Enterprises Incorporation, a related company with common
              controlling shareholder of the Company), and secured by the buildings, right-of-use assets and interests in subsidiaries
              of the Group in the PRC as detailed in note 41.

              Except for the bank loans of approximately HK$1,474,495,000 (2024: HK$1,991,669,000) that were charged at fixed
              interest rate 2.20% to 4.98% (2024: 2.20% to 4.98%) per annum, all other bank loans bear variable interest rates from
              2.35% to 4.79% (2024: 2.45% to 5.58%) per annum.
186    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

32. LEASE LIABILITIES
      The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities of the Group’s lease liabilities at the current reporting periods
      and at the date of transition of HKFRS 16:

                                                                      As at                                    As at
                                                               31 December 2025                         31 December 2024
                                                               Present                                  Present
                                                           value of the          Total              value of the           Total
                                                             minimum         minimum                  minimum          minimum
                                                                  lease          lease                     lease           lease
                                                             payments       payments                  payments         payments
                                                              HK$’000         HK$’000                   HK$’000          HK$’000


      Within 1 year                                              12,646              15,266               18,315             20,986

      After 1 year but within 2 years                            11,252              13,162                8,510             10,493
      After 2 years but within 5 years                           26,982              29,455               21,947             25,400
      After 5 years                                               2,043               2,110               10,147             10,561

                                                                 40,277              44,727               40,604             46,454

                                                                 52,923              59,993               58,919             67,440

      Less: total future interest expenses                                           (7,070)                                  (8,521)

      Present value of lease obligations                                             52,923                                  58,919


                                                                                                        As at                As at
                                                                                                 31 December          31 December
                                                                                                        2025                 2024
                                                                                                     HK$’000               HK$’000


      Current liabilities                                                                                12,646              18,315
      Non-current liabilities                                                                            40,277              40,604

                                                                                                         52,923              58,919


      The carrying amount of the lease liabilities approximate their fair value. As at 31 December 2025, the Group leased right-of-
      use assets under lease liabilities with net book value approximately HK$47,236,000 (2024: HK$53,699,000).
                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025        187


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

33. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/(TO) RELATED COMPANIES
     Details of amounts due from related companies are as follows:

     Name of related companies (note (a)):                                                                        2025                   2024
                                                                                                                HK$’000                HK$’000


     Amounts due from related companies under common control
        of members/shareholder of the Group
     Hebei Grand Jiufu Biochemical Co., Ltd.                                                                       1,948                 7,879
     Jiangsu Grand Xinyi Pharmaceutical Company Limited                                                            5,719                 8,339
     Huadong Medicine Co. Ltd                                                                                     42,645                40,560
     Guangdong Leiyunshang Pharmaceutical Company Limited                                                            887                 1,254
     Shenyang Yaoda Leiyunshang Pharmaceutical Company Limited                                                        12                   172
     Henan Grand Bio-Pharm. Co., Ltd                                                                                 181                   161
     Beijing Yanhuang Property Co., Ltd                                                                              563                   270
     Hubei Meiqi Health Technology Co., Ltd                                                                            –                   270
     China Grand Group Co., Ltd.                                                                                   2,901                   829
     Beijing Haiwan Banshan Hotel Management Co., Ltd.                                                                76                    16
     Hangzhou Zhongmei Huadong Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                               68                     –
     Jiangsu Jiuyang Biopharmaceuticals Co., Ltd.                                                                      –                   164
     Xi’an Yuanda Detian Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                     78                   596
     Beijing Yuanda Chuangxin Property Management Co., Ltd                                                           210                   101
     Lys Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd                                                                                       –                   161
     Xi’an Yuanda Science and Technology Innovation Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd                                 –                   129
     East China Medicine Wenzhou Co., Ltd                                                                              –                   336
     Hangzhou Grand Bio-Pharm. Co., Ltd                                                                               39                     –
     Yuanda Crop Science (Shanxi) Co., Ltd.                                                                          380                     –

                                                                                                                  55,707                61,237
     Less: allowance for ECL                                                                                        (984)               (1,826)

                                                                                                                  54,723                59,411

     Note:

     (a)     The name of related companies are English translation of Chinese name or words which are included for identification purpose only and
             should not be regarded as the official English name or official translation of such Chinese name or words.


     Details of impairment assessment as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 are set out in note 5(b)(iv).

     The Group had policy regarding impairment losses on amounts due from related parties which was based on the evaluation
     of collectability and on the management’s judgement including the current creditworthiness and the past collection history
     of each related party.

     Members of the shareholder of the Group have controlling interests over the related companies.

     The amounts due from/(to) related companies are unsecured, interest-free and recoverable/repayable on demand.
188    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

34. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES
      The followings are the major deferred tax liabilities recognised and movements thereof during the current and prior years:

                                                                                Property,
                                                                                plant and
                                                                              equipment
                                                                                      and
                                                            Intangible       right-of-use        Investment
                                                                assets             assets         properties               Total
                                                               HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000


      As at 1 January 2024                                      145,958             56,802             18,866             221,626
      Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 38(a))                   74,530             19,193                  –              93,723
      (Credit)/charged to profit or loss (Note 11)                    –             (6,956)               826              (6,130)
      Exchange realignment                                       (6,236)            (1,998)              (634)             (8,868)

      As at 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                 214,252             67,041             19,058             300,351
      Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 38(a))                   66,704              1,356                  –              68,060
      Credit to profit or loss (Note 11)                         (3,446)           (11,269)              (919)            (15,634)
      Exchange realignment                                       11,102              2,606                780              14,488
      As at 31 December 2025                                  288,612              59,734             18,919            367,265


      Under the EIT Law of the PRC, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned by the PRC
      subsidiaries from 1 January 2008 onwards. Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the consolidated financial
      statements in respect of temporary differences attributable to accumulated profits of the PRC subsidiaries amounting to
      approximately HK$10,555,629,000 (2024: approximately HK$9,868,378,000) and the estimated tax liabilities of approximately
      HK$527,781,000 (2024: approximately HK$493,419,000) as the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the
      temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not be reversed in the foreseeable future.

35. AMOUNT DUE TO THE IMMEDIATE HOLDING COMPANY
      The amount is unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.
                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025           189


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

36. DEFERRED INCOME
     The movement of deferred income is set out below:

                                                                                                                                                 HK$’000


     As at 1 January 2024                                                                                                                        240,105
     Compensation received during the year (note (c), (g), (h) and (i))                                                                           88,627
     Credit to profit or loss                                                                                                                    (22,229)
     Exchange realignment                                                                                                                        (11,134)

     As at 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                                                                                   295,369
     Compensation received during the year                                                                                                        26,852
     Credit to profit or loss                                                                                                                    (21,813)
     Exchange realignment                                                                                                                         15,897
     As at 31 December 2025                                                                                                                     316,305

     Notes:

     (a)      On 5 February 2010, Grand Pharm (China) received a notice from Wuhan Municipal Government requesting it to relocate its existing
              production facilities to other places. According to the required land resumption procedures, Grand Pharm (China) submitted to the relevant
              municipal authorities an application for resumption of state-owned land use rights on 10 November 2010. Pursuant to the submission by
              Grand Pharm (China), the Land Reserve Centre had agreed to resume the land and buildings, structure and attachments (including immovable
              plant and equipment) located thereon and thereunder at the place where the production facilities of Grand Pharm (China) are situated (the
              “PRC Property”).

              On 25 November 2010, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with the Land Reserve Centre (the “Agreement”) which provides for
              detailed provisions as to Grand Pharm (China)’s agreement to surrender the PRC Property to the Land Reserve Centre and to relocate its
              production facilities to other locations and the Land Reserve Centre’s agreement to compensate for the resumption of the PRC Property and
              the relocation of the production facilities by Grand Pharm (China) (the “Relocation”). The compensation, as mutually agreed between Grand
              Pharm (China) and the Land Reserve Centre, amounts to RMB855,000,000 (the “Compensation”) and will be settled by instalments in the way
              as further detailed below.

              Pursuant to the Agreement, the Compensation for the Relocation of RMB855,000,000 is comprising (i) a relocation commencement fee of
              RMB100,000,000; (ii) compensation for loss of profits of RMB85,500,000; and (iii) other compensation of RMB669,500,000, which shall be payable
              by the Land Reserve Centre to Grand Pharm (China) as follows:

              (i)    RMB171,000,000, which includes the relocation commencement fee of RMB100,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$114,943,000),
                     is payable within 30 working days from the effective date of the Agreement (the “First Instalment”). This amount was received by Grand
                     Pharm (China) during the year ended 31 December 2010 upon the fulfillment of certain conditions by the Group, which includes the
                     procurement and provision of documents necessary for the initiation of the Relocation. The remaining amount of RMB71,000,000
                     (equivalent to approximately HK$83,529,000) was also received by Grand Pharm (China) during the year ended 31 December 2010.

              (ii)   RMB85,500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$105,329,000), is payable within 30 working days upon completion of the
                     responsibilities of Grand Pharm (China) as stated in Clauses 11(1)(i) and (ii) of the Agreement, which include, among other things, the
                     surrender of all relevant documents in respect of the PRC Property to the Land Reserve Centre for deregistering the title to land within
                     15 days after the effective date of the Agreement, and the commencement of the relocation plan and construction of production
                     facilities at the new location(s) (the “Second Payment”). This amount was received by Grand Pharm (China) during the year ended 31
                     December 2011.
190     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

36. DEFERRED INCOME(Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)

      (a)   (Continued)

             (iii)   RMB427,500,000, being 50% of the Compensation, is payable commencing from the completion of the Second Payment, by semiannual
                     instalments of RMB85,500,000 each, and shall pay within 30 days of the last month of each instalment period until completion of the
                     payment for the last instalment or until completion of relocation and delivery of vacant possession of the PRC Property to the Land
                     Reserve Centre by Grand Pharm (China) (in which case the instalment payments will be consolidated or accelerated), whichever is
                     earlier. During the year ended 31 December 2011 and 2013, RMB85,500,000 and RMB283,500,000 (equivalent to approximately
                     HK$105,330,000 and HK$357,580,000) were received by Grand Pharm (China) respectively. During the year ended 31 December 2014,
                     RMB58,500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$73,629,000) was received by Grand Pharm (China).

             (iv)    the last instalment of RMB171,000,000 is payable within 30 days upon completion of relocation and delivery of vacant possession of the
                     PRC Property to the Land Reserve Centre by Grand Pharm (China) and the receipt of all title documents in respect of the PRC Property
                     by the Land Reserve Centre from Grand Pharm (China). During the year ended 31 December 2014, RMB171,000,000 (equivalent to
                     approximately HK$215,219,000) was received by Grand Pharm (China).

             The Compensation received or which becomes receivable is initially recognised as deferred income and subsequently recognised as income in
             profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the Compensation
             is intended to compensate. The Compensation which is intended for expenses of losses already incurred or for the purpose of giving
             immediate financial support to the entity with no future related costs is recognised in profit or loss of the period in which it is received or
             becomes receivable.

             The relocation commencement fee of RMB100,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$114,943,000), being part of the First Instalment, was
             received by Grand Pharm (China) upon the fulfillment of certain conditions by the Group, which included the procurement and provision of
             documents necessary for the initiation of the Relocation. The relocation commencement fee was recognised in the profit for the year ended
             31 December 2010 upon the fulfillment of the aforesaid conditions by the Group.

             The remaining part of the Compensation of RMB755,000,000 is intended to compensate the Group for (i) loss of profit as to the amount of
             RMB85,500,000 and (ii) the cost of removing the production facilities, the cost of establishing new production facilities in other places and the
             estimated future appreciation in value of the land as included in the PRC Property and other related expenses. The Compensation related to
             depreciable assets is recognised in profit or loss over the periods and in the proportion in which depreciation expense on those assets is
             recognised. The Compensation related to the loss of profits and expenses of removing the production facilities is recognised in profit or loss in
             the same period as the recognition of the relevant loss or expenses. In the event that the relevant loss or expenses are unable to be identified,
             the recognition of the related part of the Compensation to profit or loss will be deferred until the completion of the Relocation. During the
             years ended 31 December 2010 and 2011, the Group has received part of the Compensation of RMB71,000,000 (equivalent to approximately
             HK$83,529,000) and RMB171,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$210,659,000) respectively. During the years ended 31 December 2012,
             the Group did not receive any Compensation. During the years ended 31 December 2013 and 2014, the Group has received part of
             Compensation of RMB283,500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$357,580,000) and RMB229,500,000 (equivalent to approximately
             HK$288,848,000) respectively.

             During the year ended 31 December 2020, Wuhan Wuyao received one of the construction completion reports to verify partially the
             completion of the Relocation. Therefore, the Group recognised approximately RMB20,464,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$22,994,000)
             related to depreciable assets over their useful life and approximately RMB101,910,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$114,509,000) in regards
             to relevant loss or expenses which were unable to identified and deferred until completion of the Relocation.

      (b)    Wuhan Kernel entered into an agreement with The People’s Government of Xiantao which provides for detailed provisions as to promote
             economic development of Xiantao and expand its operation scale.

             During the year ended 31 December 2021, Wuhan Kernel entered into an agreement with Xiantao Municipal Bureau of Economy and
             Information Technology which provides subsidies for operational expansion. The compensation, as mutually agreed between Wuhan Kernel
             and Xiantao Municipal Bureau of Economy and Information Technology, amounts to RMB5,800,000 (equivalent to approximately
             HK$6,987,000). The expansion was finished during the year then ended and the Company achieve the consideration and obtain the approval
             from the PRC Government. The compensation was recognised in the statement of profit or loss started from 31 December 2021 over five years.

             During the year ended 31 December 2022, Wuhan Kernel entered into an agreement with The People’s Government of Xiantao which provides
             for research and development expenditure allowance, amounts to RMB900,000 (equivalents to HK$1,048,000). The Company achieve all
             consideration and obtain the approval from the PRC Government.
                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025          191


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

36. DEFERRED INCOME(Continued)
     Notes: (Continued)

     (c)    On 20 September 2019, Wuhan Wuyao entered into an agreement with The People’s Government of Xiantao which provides for land bidding.
            The compensation, as mutually agreed between Wuhan Wuyao and The People’s Government of Xiantao, amounts to RMB12,111,000
            (equivalent to approximately HK$13,608,000). The acquisition of land right use was finished at 29 May 2020, the Company achieve the
            consideration and obtain the approval from the PRC Government. The compensation was recognised in the statement of profit or loss started
            from 31 December 2020 over useful lives of the land right use.

            During the year ended 31 December 2023, Wuhan Wuyao entered into an agreement with The People’s Government of Wuhan which
            provides for cultivate talents allowance, amounts to RMB1,900,000 (equivalents to HK$2,103,000). The Company achieve all consideration and
            obtain the approval from the PRC Government.

            During the year ended 31 December 2024, Wuhan Wuyao has applied for cultivate talents scheme issued by The People’s Government of
            Wuhan which provides allowance for the corporate to employee the highly educated staffs. The application is approved and the amount of
            RMB1,000,000 (equivalents to approximately HK$1,085,000) was received. The allowance was recognised in the statement of profit or loss over
            3-year period, which is the basic employment period of the scheme.

     (d)    On 15 July 2021, Grand Pharmaceutical (Xiantao) entered into an agreement with The People’s Government of Xiantao which provides for
            research and development expenditure allowance, amounting to RMB2,500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$3,011,000). As at 31
            December 2021 and 2022, the Company did not achieve all consideration and obtain the approval from the PRC Government.

     (e)    During the year ended 31 December 2022, Wuhan Grand Hoyo entered into an agreement with The People’s Government of Wuhan which
            provides for plant and equipment bidding. The compensation, as mutually agreed between Wuhan Grand Hoyo and The People’s Government
            of Wuhan, amounts to RMB15,664,500 (equivalent to approximately HK$18,237,000). The acquisition of plant and equipment was completed
            during the year and the Company achieve the consideration and obtain the approval from the PRC Government. The compensation was
            recognised in the statement of profit or loss started from 31 December 2022 over useful lives of the plant and equipment.

     (f)   During the year ended 31 December 2022, Nanjing AuroRNA Biotech Co., Ltd. entered into an agreement with Nanjing Biotech and
           Pharmaceutical Valley which provides for research and development expenditure allowance, amounting to RMB500,000 (equivalent to
           approximately HK$582,000). As at 31 December 2022, the Company did not achieve all consideration and obtain the approval from Nanjing
           Biotech and Pharmaceutical Valley.

     (g)   On 8 August 2023, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with The People’s Government of Yangxin which provides allowances for
           land bidding and plant development. Upon the topping out of the main structure of Yongsheng Preparation Factory of Grand Pharmaceutical
           during the year, the allowances, as mutually agreed and calculated based on the scale of the agreement, amounted to approximately
           RMB51,032,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$55,375,000) was received. The allowance will be recognised in the statement of profit or loss
           over useful lives of the plant and building.

     (h)   During the year ended 31 December 2024, Grand Pharm (China) ‘s application for allowance of capital expenditure specified for small-category
           drugs has been accepted by The People’s Government of Wuhan. The allowance, as mutually agreed between Grand Pharm (China) and The
           People’s Government of Wuhan, amounted to RMB25,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$27,127,000) was received. The Company
           achieve the consideration and obtain the approval from the PRC Government. The allowance was recognised in the statement of profit or loss
           over useful lives of the related plant and equipment.

     (i)   On 9 November 2022, Chengdu Purevalley Medical Technology Co., Ltd, an indirect subsidiary of the Company, entered into an agreement
           with The People’s Government of Chengdu which provides allowances for development of radiopharmaceutical center in Wenjiang. Upon the
           topping out of the main structure of the production base during the year, the allowance, as mutually agreed based on the scale of the
           agreement, amounted to approximately RMB4,645,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$5,040,000) was received. The allowance will be
           recognised in the statement of profit or loss over useful lives of the plant and building.
192     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

37. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                         Number of shares at                              Share capital at
                                                                   31 December             31 December           31 December             31 December
                                                                          2025                    2024                  2025                    2024
                                                                           ‘000                    ‘000              HK$’000                  HK$’000


      Authorised
      Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each                               100,000,000              100,000,000             1,000,000                1,000,000

      Issued and fully paid
      At 1 January, 31 December 2024,
         1 January 2025 and 31 December 2025                            3,549,571               3,549,571                35,496                  35,496

      Notes:

      (a)      As at 31 December 2025, the Company, through a trust, held 47,761,500 (2024: 47,761,500) shares in treasury for the purpose of a share award
               scheme. The fair value of the purchased shares was deducted from equity as “Treasury shares reserve” for an amount of approximately
               HK$268,503,000 (2024: HK$268,503,000).


38. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES
      (a)      Business Combination
               (i)    On 10 March 2025, the Group acquired an 80.00% interest in Qinghai Yixin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Qinghai
                      Yixin”) at a total consideration of RMB392,000,000 which are payable in 2 installments by end of 31 March 2027.
                      Qinghai Yixin is principally engaged in the production and sales of pharmaceutical products and was acquired
                      with the objective of expanding and enriching the Group’s product portfolio. The acquisition has been
                      accounted for as acquisition of business using the acquisition method.

                      Consideration transferred

                                                                                                                                                2025
                                                                                                                                              HK$’000


                      Cash paid                                                                                                               313,706
                      Consideration payable                                                                                                    99,755


                                                                                                                                              413,461


                      As at 31 December 2025, the consideration payable of approximately HK$105,798,000 are discounted using the
                      imputed interest rate of 3.67%.

                      Acquisition-related costs amounting to approximately HK$533,000 have been excluded from the consideration
                      transferred and have been recognised as an expense in the current year, within the “Administrative expenses”
                      line item in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025    193


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

38. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     (a)   Business Combination (Continued)
           (i)   (Continued)

                 Fair value of assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                                       2025
                                                                                                                     HK$’000


                 Property, plant and equipment                                                                         27,111
                 Right-of-use assets                                                                                   15,883
                 Intangible assets                                                                                    328,859
                 Prepayment                                                                                             2,767
                 Inventories                                                                                           30,823
                 Trade and other receivables                                                                           93,505
                 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                              1,756
                 Trade and other payable                                                                             (188,260)
                 Contract liabilities                                                                                  (1,424)
                 Deferred tax liabilities                                                                             (50,563)


                 Total identifiable net assets acquired                                                               260,457


                 Non-controlling interests

                 The non-controlling interests 20.00% in Qinghai Yixin recognised at the acquisition date was measured by
                 reference to the proportionate share of recognised amounts of net assets of Qinghai Yixin and amounted to
                 approximately HK$52,091,000.

                 Goodwill arising on acquisition:

                                                                                                                       2025
                                                                                                                     HK$’000


                 Consideration transferred                                                                            413,461
                 Non-controlling interests (20.00% in Qinghai Yixin)                                                   52,091
                 Less: Acquisition date fair value of identifiable net assets acquired                               (260,457)


                 Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                      205,095


                 Goodwill arose on the acquisition of Qinghai Yixin because the acquisition included the assembled workforce of
                 Qinghai Yixin and some potential contracts which are still under negotiation with prospective new customers as
                 at the date of acquisition. These benefits are not recognised separately from goodwill because they do not meet
                 the recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets.

                 None of the goodwill arising on these acquisitions is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.
194    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

38. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      (a)   Business Combination (Continued)
            (i)    (Continued)

                   Net cash outflow on acquisition of a subsidiary

                                                                                                                           2025
                                                                                                                         HK$’000


                   Consideration paid in cash                                                                            (313,706)
                   Less: Cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                                         1,756


                                                                                                                         (311,950)


                   Since the acquisition, Qinghai Yixin contributed approximately HK$282,673,000 to the Group’s revenue and profit
                   of approximately HK$56,383,000 to the consolidated profit for the year ended 31 December 2025.

            (ii)   On 31 March 2025, the Group completed the acquisition of further 30.64% equity interest in Nanjing Kainite
                   Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Kainite”) from two parties which are Nanjing Fund, the Company’s
                   connected person and Shanghai Hongsheng, an independent third party. The total consideration was
                   RMB109,384,000 which are payable in 3 instalments by end of 31 December 2026. Before acquisition of further
                   equity interest, Nanjing Kainite was an associate company which was owned as to 29.27% by Grand Pharm
                   (China).

                   Upon the further acquisition, Nanjing Kainite became an indirect 59.91% owned subsidiary of the Group. Nanjing
                   Kainite, principally engaged in the research and development of medical devices in the field of neural
                   intervention, was acquired for with the objective of developing products for treating strokes. The acquisition has
                   been accounted for as an acquisition of business using the acquisition method.

                   Consideration transferred

                                                                                                                           2025
                                                                                                                         HK$’000


                   Cash paid                                                                                               11,714
                   Consideration payable                                                                                  100,575


                                                                                                                          112,289


                   Acquisition-related costs amounting to approximately HK$83,000 have been excluded from the consideration
                   transferred and have been recognised as an expense in the current year, within the “Administrative expenses”
                   line item in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025     195


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

38. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     (a)   Business Combination (Continued)
           (ii)   (Continued)

                  Fair value of assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                                     2025
                                                                                                                   HK$’000


                  Property, plant and equipment                                                                      8,553
                  Intangible assets                                                                                152,215
                  Prepayment                                                                                         4,960
                  Inventories                                                                                        5,536
                  Trade and other receivables                                                                        1,463
                  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                          1,831
                  Trade and other payable                                                                           (2,480)
                  Deferred tax liabilities                                                                         (17,497)


                  Total identifiable net assets acquired                                                           154,581


                  Non-controlling interests

                  The non-controlling interests (40.09%) in Nanjing Kainite recognised at the acquisition date was measured by
                  reference to the proportionate share of recognised amounts of net assets of Nanjing Kainite and amounted to
                  approximately HK$61,971,000.
196    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

38. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      (a)   Business Combination (Continued)
            (ii)   (Continued)

                   Goodwill arising on acquisition:

                                                                                                                              2025
                                                                                                                            HK$’000


                   Consideration transferred for 30.64% equity interest acquired                                             112,289
                   Acquisition date fair value of initial 29.27% equity interest                                              87,387
                   Non-controlling interests (40.09% in Nanjing Kainite)                                                      61,971


                                                                                                                             261,647
                   Less: Acquisition date fair value of identifiable net assets acquired                                    (154,581)


                   Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                           107,066


                   The Group recognised a gain of HK$60,938,000 categorised under “Other income, gains and losses, net” as a
                   result of remeasuring its initial 29.27% equity interest at the date of obtaining control to its fair value. Goodwill
                   arose on the acquisition of Nanjing Kainite because the acquisition included a synergies effect from the
                   combination of acquired companies’ resources and enhance the Group’s market competitiveness in the field of
                   traditional Chinese medicine for chronic disease treatments. These benefits are not recognised separately from
                   goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets.

                   None of the goodwill arising on these acquisitions is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

                   Net cash outflow on acquisition of a subsidiary

                                                                                                                              2025
                                                                                                                            HK$’000


                   Consideration paid in cash                                                                                (11,714)
                   Less: Cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                                            1,831


                                                                                                                               (9,883)


                   Since the acquisition, Nanjing Kainite contributed nil amount to the Group’s revenue and loss of approximately
                   HK$14,370,000 to the consolidated profit for the year ended 31 December 2025.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025     197


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

38. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     (a)   Business Combination (Continued)
           (iii)   On 9 January 2024, the Group acquired an 79.22% interest in Grand Wuyao (Jiangsu). Grand Wuyao (Jiangsu) is
                   principally engaged in the production and sales of pharmaceutical raw materials and was acquired with the
                   objective of expanding and enriching the Group’s product portfolio. The acquisition has been accounted for as
                   acquisition of business using the acquisition method.

                   Consideration transferred

                                                                                                                       2024
                                                                                                                     HK$’000


                   Cash                                                                                              121,940


                   Acquisition-related costs amounting to approximately HK$53,000 have been excluded from the consideration
                   transferred and have been recognised as an expense in the current year, within the “administrative expenses”
                   line item in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

                   Fair value of assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                                       2024
                                                                                                                     HK$’000


                   Property, plant and equipment                                                                       98,931
                   Right-of-use assets                                                                                 22,219
                   Intangible assets                                                                                   10,959
                   Deferred tax assets                                                                                  4,594
                   Prepayment                                                                                           4,217
                   Inventories                                                                                         43,351
                   Trade and other receivables                                                                         15,660
                   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                            8,856
                   Trade and other payable                                                                            (56,078)
                   Contract liabilities                                                                                (3,619)
                   Deferred tax liabilities                                                                            (6,724)


                   Total identifiable net assets acquired                                                            142,366
198    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

38. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      (a)   Business Combination (Continued)
            (iii)   (Continued)

                    Non-controlling interests

                    The non-controlling interests (20.78%) in Grand Wuyao (Jiangsu) recognised at the acquisition date was
                    measured by reference to the proportionate share of recognised amounts of net liabilities of Grand Wuyao
                    (Jiangsu), including a debt assigned to the Group, which are intra-group balances eliminated in the consolidated
                    level, resulting in non-controlling share of negative balance.

                    Gain on bargain purchase arising on acquisition:

                                                                                                                               2024
                                                                                                                             HK$’000


                    Consideration transferred                                                                                 121,940
                    Plus: non-controlling interests (20.78% in Grand Wuyao (Jiangsu))                                         (33,788)
                    Less: recognized amounts of net assets acquired                                                          (142,366)


                    Gain on bargain purchase                                                                                  (54,214)


                    Bargain purchase gain amounting to approximately HK$54,214,000 on acquisition of Grand Wuyao (Jiangsu),
                    after reassessment, is recognised in profit or loss within the “Other income, gains and losses, net” line item in the
                    consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. The business combination results in a
                    gain on bargain purchase because the identifiable net assets of Grand Wuyao (Jiangsu) acquired was
                    approximately of HK$176,154,000 (after non-controlling interest share portion), while the Group acquired Grand
                    Wuyao (Jiangsu) by cash consideration of approximately of RMB112,378,000, which is approximately
                    HK$121,940,000.

                    Net cash outflow on acquisition of a subsidiary

                                                                                                                               2024
                                                                                                                             HK$’000


                    Consideration paid in cash                                                                               (121,940)
                    Less: Cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                                            8,856


                                                                                                                             (113,084)


                    Since the acquisition, Grand Wuyao (Jiangsu) contributed approximately HK$97,676,000 to the Group’s revenue
                    and loss of approximately HK$42,412,000 to the consolidated profit for the year ended 31 December 2024.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025     199


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

38. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     (a)   Business Combination (Continued)
           (iv)   On 20 February 2024, the Group acquired 63.00% interest in Chongqing Duoputai at cash consideration of
                  RMB442,260,000(equivalent to approximately HK$479,895,000). In additional to the acquisition of 27% equity
                  interest in Chongqing Duoputai completed in January 2024, which is classified as financial assets at that
                  moment, the Group achieved 90% equity interest of the target company and has obtained control. Chongqing
                  Duoputai is principally engaged in the production and sales of its core products, Maixuekang Capsules and
                  Maixuekang Enteric-coated Tablets and was acquired with the objective of expanding the Group’s business in
                  field of ENT segment. The acquisition has been accounted for as acquisition of business using the acquisition
                  method.

                  Consideration transferred

                                                                                                                      2024
                                                                                                                    HK$’000


                  Cash                                                                                              479,894


                  Acquisition-related costs amounting to approximately HK$506,000 have been excluded from the consideration
                  transferred and have been recognised as an expense in the current year, within the “Administrative expenses”
                  line item in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

                  Fair value of assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                                      2024
                                                                                                                    HK$’000


                  Property, plant and equipment                                                                       2,475
                  Intangible assets                                                                                 295,146
                  Inventories                                                                                         2,652
                  Trade and other receivables                                                                         3,274
                  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                           1,369
                  Trade and other payable                                                                           (52,914)
                  Deferred tax liabilities                                                                          (36,099)


                  Total identifiable net assets acquired                                                            215,903
200    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

38. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      (a)   Business Combination (Continued)
            (iv)   (Continued)

                   Non-controlling interests

                   The non-controlling interests (10%) in Chongqing Duoputai recognised at the acquisition date was measured by
                   reference to the proportionate share of recognised amounts of net assets of Chongqing Duoputai and
                   amounted to approximately HK$21,590,000.

                   Previously held interest in Chongqing Duoputai

                   The fair value of 27% equity interest in Chongqing Duoputai in relation to the First Acquisition and the fair value
                   of previously held interest in Chongqing Duoputai upon the Second Acquisition were estimated based on
                   observable contract price.

                   Goodwill arising on acquisition:

                                                                                                                            2024
                                                                                                                          HK$’000


                   Consideration transferred                                                                               479,894
                   Plus: previously acquired interest (27% in Chongqing Duoputai)                                          205,669
                   Plus: non-controlling interests (10% in Chongqing Duoputai)                                              21,590
                   Less: recognised amounts of net assets acquired                                                        (215,903)


                   Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                         491,250


                   Goodwill arose on the acquisition of Chongqing Duoputai because the acquisition included the assembled
                   workforce of Chongqing Duoputai distribution channel, and some potential contracts which are still under
                   negotiation with prospective new customers as at the date of acquisition. These benefits are not recognised
                   separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets.

                   None of the goodwill arising on these acquisitions is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025      201


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

38. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     (a)   Business Combination (Continued)
           (iv)   (Continued)

                  Net cash outflow on acquisition of a subsidiary

                                                                                                                            2024
                                                                                                                          HK$’000


                  Consideration paid in cash                                                                              (479,894)
                  Less: Cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                                           1,369


                                                                                                                          (478,525)


                  Since the acquisition, Chongqing Duoputai contributed approximately HK$456,731,000 to the Group’s revenue
                  and profit of approximately HK$61,540,000 to the consolidated profit for the year ended 31 December 2024.

                  As part of the sales and purchase agreement between the Group and the vendor, the Group entered into a
                  written put option arrangement with the vendor, which is also the non-controlling interest of Chongqing
                  Duoputai. Pursuant to which the vendor will be able to require the Group to further acquire the remaining
                  equity interest of 10% in Chongqing Duoputai from the vendor in the third year. The exercise price shall be
                  determined at either RMB75,000,000 or 10% of amount calculated at 10.7 times of net profits of Chongqing
                  Duoputai in the fiscal year prior to the transaction, whichever is higher.

                  The Group applied the partial recognition of NCI method for its put option, of which the profit for the year
                  shared by the NCI shareholders in relation to the portion of the put option is recorded as a liability in “Trade and
                  other payables” in the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2024.

           (v)    On 13 June 2024, the Group completed an acquisition on 100% interest in Baiji Pharmaceutical. Baiji
                  Pharmaceutical is principally engaged in the R&D and production of hormonal nasal spray preparations and was
                  acquired with the objective of expanding the Group’s business in respiratory and critical and severe disease
                  segment. The acquisition has been accounted for as acquisition of business using the acquisition method.
202    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

38. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      (a)   Business Combination (Continued)
            (v)   (Continued)

                  Consideration transferred

                                                                                                                                             2024
                                                                                                                                           HK$’000


                  Cash (note a)                                                                                                            140,957
                  Contingent consideration arrangement (note b)                                                                             71,666


                                                                                                                                           212,623

                  Note:

                  (a)     Pursuant to the share purchase agreement, consideration transferred at the gross consideration of RMB260,000,000, with
                          adjustments to consideration including certain liabilities in Baiji Pharmaceutical and loan advance paid to Nanchang Baiji for
                          acquisition of its subsidiary.

                  (b)     Pursuant to the share purchase agreement, the Group is required to pay an additional variable amount depending on the
                          approval status and sales performance of certain products. The contingent consideration payable was recognised initially with
                          reference to management’s best estimates of future revenue projections, and probabilities of achieving the specified targets
                          and revenue. Approximately HK$71,666,000 represents the estimated fair value of this obligation. The fair value of such
                          contingent arrangement amounted to HK$76,705,000 as at the end of the reporting period and has been included in Trade and
                          other payables on the consolidated statement of financial position.


                  Acquisition-related costs amounting to approximately HK$298,000 have been excluded from the consideration
                  transferred and have been recognised as an expense in the current year, within the “ Administrative expenses”
                  line item in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025    203


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

38. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     (a)   Business Combination (Continued)
           (v)   (Continued)

                 Fair value of assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                                        2024
                                                                                                                      HK$’000


                 Property, plant and equipment                                                                         16,332
                 Right-of-use assets                                                                                    2,818
                 Intangible assets                                                                                    175,915
                 Prepayment                                                                                            31,208
                 Inventories                                                                                            3,366
                 Trade and other receivables                                                                            4,613
                 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                759
                 Trade and other payable                                                                             (102,532)
                 Bank Borrowing                                                                                        (8,138)
                 Contract liabilities                                                                                  (1,199)
                 Deferred tax liabilities                                                                             (16,225)


                 Total identifiable net assets acquired                                                               106,917


                 Goodwill arising on acquisition

                                                                                                                        2024
                                                                                                                      HK$’000


                 Consideration transferred                                                                            212,623
                 Less: recognised amounts of net assets acquired                                                     (106,917)


                 Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                      105,706


                 Goodwill arose on the acquisition of Baiji Pharmaceutical because the acquisition included the assembled
                 workforce of Baiji Pharmaceutical and potential synergy effect of acquisition. These benefits are not recognised
                 separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets.

                 None of the goodwill arising on these acquisitions is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.
204    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

38. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      (a)   Business Combination (Continued)
            (v)    (Continued)

                   Net cash outflow on acquisition of a subsidiary

                                                                                                                                        2024
                                                                                                                                      HK$’000


                   Consideration paid in cash                                                                                         (140,957)
                   Less: Cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                                                        759


                                                                                                                                      (140,198)


                   Since the acquisition, Baiji Pharmaceutical contributed approximately HK$2,123,000 to the Group’s revenue and
                   loss of approximately HK$12,800,000 to the consolidated profit for the year ended 31 December 2024.

            (vi)   On 3 July 2024, the Group acquired 100.00% equity interest in Tianjin Tanabe. Tianjin Tanabe is principally
                   engaged in the production and sales of high-quality original drugs in the fields of cerebrocardiovascular,
                   endocrine metabolism, gastrointestinal and other chronic diseases and was acquired with the objective of
                   expanding the Group’s business in cerebro-cardiovascular emergency segment. The acquisition has been
                   accounted for as acquisition of business using the acquisition method.

                   Consideration transferred

                                                                                                                                        2024
                                                                                                                                      HK$’000


                   Cash (note)                                                                                                         527,152

                   Note:    The consideration was denominated in JPY and settled in RMB at approximately RMB486 million which was translated by the
                           exchange rate on the payment date.


                   Acquisition-related costs amounting to HK$447,000 have been excluded from the consideration transferred and
                   have been recognised as an expense in the current year, within the “Administrative expenses” line item in the
                   consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   205


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

38. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     (a)   Business Combination (Continued)
           (vi)   (Continued)

                  Fair value of assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                                        2024
                                                                                                                      HK$’000


                  Property, plant and equipment                                                                        122,232
                  Right-of-use assets                                                                                   45,143
                  Intangible assets                                                                                     54,341
                  Inventories                                                                                          103,508
                  Trade and other receivables                                                                           34,762
                  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                             80,342
                  Trade and other payable                                                                              (75,357)
                  Deferred tax liabilities                                                                             (34,675)


                  Total identifiable net assets acquired                                                               330,296


                  Goodwill arising on acquisition

                                                                                                                        2024
                                                                                                                      HK$’000


                  Consideration transferred                                                                            527,152
                  Less: recognised amounts of net assets acquired                                                     (330,296)


                  Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                      196,856


                  Goodwill arose on the acquisition of Tianjin Tanabe because the acquisition included the assembled workforce
                  of Tianjin Tanabe and potential synergy effect as at the date of acquisition. These benefits are not recognised
                  separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets.

                  None of the goodwill arising on these acquisitions is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.
206    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

38. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      (a)   Business Combination (Continued)
            (vi)   (Continued)

                   Net cash outflow on acquisition of a subsidiary

                                                                                                                   2024
                                                                                                                 HK$’000


                   Consideration paid in cash                                                                    (527,152)
                   Less: Cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                                80,342


                                                                                                                 (446,810)


                   Since the acquisition, Tianjin Tanabe contributed approximately HK$257,449,000 to the Group’s revenue and
                   profit approximately HK$45,415,000 to the consolidated profit for the year ended 31 December 2024.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025      207


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

39. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                                               HK$’000            HK$’000


     Non-current assets
       Interests in associates                                                               4,949,756           4,910,601
       Interests in subsidiaries                                                             2,109,881           2,480,563
       Right-of-use assets                                                                       2,470                 533

                                                                                             7,062,107           7,391,697

     Current assets
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                     16,666              9,333
       Prepayment and other receivables                                                          26,103             13,636
       Cash and cash equivalents                                                                  1,904              1,341

                                                                                                 44,673             24,310

     Current liabilities
       Lease liabilities                                                                          1,086                  567
       Financial guarantee                                                                        1,045                1,396
       Other payable                                                                                831                4,025
       Amount due to the immediate holding company                                                2,331                2,331

                                                                                                  5,293                8,319

     Net current assets                                                                          39,380             15,991

     Total assets less current liabilities                                                   7,101,487           7,407,688

     Non-current liabilities
       Lease liabilities                                                                          1,430                   –

                                                                                                  1,430                   –

     Net assets                                                                              7,100,057           7,407,688

     Capital and reserves attributable to owners of the Company
       Share capital                                                                            35,496              35,496
       Reserves                                                                              7,064,561           7,372,192

     Total equity                                                                            7,100,057           7,407,688


     The financial statement was approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors of the Company on 26 March 2026
     and are signed on its behalf by

                              Tang Weikun                                               Zhou Chao
                                Director                                                 Director
208    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

39. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
      Movement of reserve of the Company


                                                                    Share Contributed                Treasury          Retained
                                                                 premium      surplus                  shares            profits            Total
                                                                   HK$’000    HK$’000                 HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000


      As at 1 January 2024                                        6,523,049           121,273         (268,503)          894,192         7,270,011
      Total comprehensive income for the year                             –                 –                –         1,012,652         1,012,652
      Dividend paid (note 13)                                             –                 –                –          (910,471)         (910,471)

      As at 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                   6,523,049           121,273         (268,503)          996,373         7,372,192
      Total comprehensive income for the year                             –                 –                –           602,840           602,840
      Dividend paid (note 13)                                             –                 –                –          (910,471)         (910,471)
      As at 31 December 2025                                    6,523,049           121,273          (268,503)          688,742        7,064,561

      Note: Under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda (as amended), no dividend shall be paid or distribution be made out of contributed surplus if to
            do so would render the Company unable to pay its liabilities as they become due or the realisable value of its assets would thereby become
            less than the aggregate of its liabilities and its issued share capital and share premium account.
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025          209


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

40. MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
     (a)   In addition to the balances with associates as disclosed in note 19, related companies as disclosed in note 33 and
           immediate holding company as disclosed in note 35 during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group
           entered into following transactions with its related parties:

                                                                                                                       2025                     2024
                                                                                                                     HK$’000                  HK$’000


           Sales of goods to the companies with common controlling shareholder:
             Huadong Medicine Co. Ltd and its related companies (note (iii))                                            94,295                143,556
             中國遠大集團有限責任公司and its related companies (unofficially
                translated as “China Grand Enterprises Incorporation” (note (ii))                                        5,578                    13,626
             Hebei Grand Jiufu Biochemical Co., Ltd (note (iii))                                                        47,741                         –

           Purchase of goods from the companies with common controlling shareholder:
             Hebei Grand Jiufu Biochemical Co., Ltd (note (iii))                                                      132,529                 201,278
             Sirtex Medical Singapore Pte Ltd. and its related companies (note (iv))                                   94,795                 173,051

           Processing services from the companies with common controlling shareholder:
             Hebei Grand Jiufu Biochemical Co., Ltd (note (iii))                                                        17,432                    28,227

           Notes:

           (i)      Transactions were conducted with terms mutually agreed with the contracting parties.

           (ii)     The transactions constitute continuing connected transactions in 2024 and 2025 under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

           (iii)    The transactions are continuing connected transaction in 2024 and 2025 respectively under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

           (iv)     The transactions are continuing connected transactions in 2024 and 2025 under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


     (b)   Details of the financial guarantee given by China Grand Enterprises Incorporation to banks in respect of the loans
           granted to the Group as at 31 December 2024 are set out in note 31.

     (c)   On 31 March 2025, the Group completed the acquisition of 30.64% equity interest in Nanjing Kainite from Nanjing
           Fund and Shanghai Hongsheng , the original equity interest holders.

           As Mr. Hu indirectly owns 70% of the equity interest in Nanjing Fuguang, and Nanjing Fuguang is the general partner
           of and manages Nanjing Fund. Therefore Nanjing Fund and Nanjing Fuguang are associates of Mr. Hu, and hence
           Nanjing Fund is a connected person of the Group under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The Acquisition constitutes a
           connected transaction, in respect of which the Group has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance
           with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
210    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

40. MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (d)   Compensation of key management personnel

            The remuneration of directors and other members of key management during the year was as follows:

                                                                                                    2025                 2024
                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000


            Short-term benefits                                                                     16,263              15,889
            Post-employment benefits                                                                   504                 642

                                                                                                    16,767              16,531


            The remuneration of directors and key executives is determined by the board of directors having regard to the
            performance of individuals and market trends.

41. PLEDGE OF ASSETS
      The Group has pledged the following assets to secure the bank borrowings and banking facilities granted to the Group:

                                                                                                    2025                 2024
                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000


      Right-of-use assets                                                                           16,896              17,873
      Buildings (note 16)                                                                           78,864              87,242
      Interests in subsidiaries                                                                    291,087             115,792
      Pledged bank deposits (note 28)                                                               22,588                   –

                                                                                                   409,435             220,907
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025      211


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

42. COMMITMENTS
     (a)   Operating lease commitment
           The Group as lessor

           The Group leases out certain of its office premises under operating lease arrangement. The rental income earned
           during the year was approximately HK$628,000 (2024: HK$4,250,000). The Group had future minimum lease receipts
           from tenants under non-cancellable operating lease which fall due as follows:

                                                                                               2025                2024
                                                                                             HK$’000             HK$’000


           Within one year                                                                        461                   424
           In the second to fifth year inclusive                                                1,170                 1,631
           After fifth year                                                                         –                   160

                                                                                                1,631                 2,215


     (b)   Capital commitment
                                                                                               2025                2024
                                                                                             HK$’000             HK$’000


           Capital expenditure in respect of the investments contracted for
             but not provided in the consolidated financial statements                      1,447,102          2,239,600
212    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

43. RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES
      The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefits scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) under
      the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance. Under the MPF Scheme, employees are required to
      contribute 5% of their monthly salaries or up to a maximum of HK$1,500 (2024: HK$1,500) and they can choose to make
      additional contributions. Employers’ monthly contributions are calculated at 5% of the employee’s monthly salaries or up to a
      maximum of HK$1,500 (2024: HK$1,500) (the “mandatory contributions”). Employees are entitled to 100% of the employer’s
      mandatory contributions upon their retirement at the age of 65, death or total incapacity.

      Employees of the subsidiaries and an associate in the PRC are members of the state-sponsored pension scheme operated by
      the PRC government. The subsidiaries and an associate were required to contribute a certain percentage of the payroll of
      their staff to the pension scheme to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the pension scheme
      is to make the required contributions.

      There were no forfeited contributions utilised to offset employers’ contributions for the year. And at the end of the reporting
      period, there was no forfeited contribution available to reduce the contributions payable in the future years.

      The total costs charged to profit or loss of approximately HK$176,840,000 (2024: HK$155,574,000) represents contributions
      payable to these schemes by the Group in respect of the current accounting period.

44. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
      The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash
      changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flow were, or future cashflows will be classified in
      the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows from financing activities.

                                                                 Amount
                                                               due to the
                                                              immediate                                 Bank and
                                                                 holding                Lease              other
                                                                company             liabilities       borrowings                 Total
                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000            HK$’000              HK$’000


      As at 1 January 2024                                           2,331               96,225           3,308,014           3,406,570
      Accrued interest                                                   –                5,660             174,582             180,242
      Financing cash outflows                                            –              (33,674)         (3,308,387)         (3,342,061)
      Interest paid                                                      –               (5,660)           (174,582)           (180,242)
      New leases entered                                                 –                2,617                   –               2,617
      Termination of lease                                               –                 (364)                  –                (364)
      Financing cash inflows                                             –                    –           4,480,749           4,480,749
      Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 38(a))                           –                    –               8,138               8,138
      Exchange realignment                                               –               (5,885)           (104,887)           (110,772)
      As at 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                      2,331               58,919           4,383,627           4,444,877
      Accrued interest                                                   –                4,390             151,981             156,371
      Financing cash outflows                                            –              (21,652)         (4,206,633)         (4,228,285)
      Interest paid                                                      –               (4,390)           (151,981)           (156,371)
      New leases entered                                                 –               13,513                   –              13,513
      Financing cash inflows                                             –                    –           4,344,554           4,344,554
      Exchange realignment                                               –                2,143             147,935             150,078
      As at 31 December 2025                                        2,331              52,923           4,669,483           4,724,737
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025      213


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

45. LITIGATION
     With reference to the disclosure in the annual reports of the Company between 2016 to 2024, Tianjin Jingming, an indirect
     non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is undertaking certain litigations related to a product quality incident, and it is
     also claiming the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming for the indemnification of those possible loss suffered by the
     Company. Up to 31 December 2024, there are 75 cases, 64 cases reached a final judgment, while the remaining cases have
     lost their rights to claim due to not filing a lawsuit. Among the final and effective judgements, Tianjin Jingming has paid the
     compensation and the related legal charges of approximately RMB40,200,000 in according to the court orders, all payment
     have been completed. The other related litigations of the product quality incident have not yet been concluded. Given that
     (1) such product is not the core product of the Group, and (2) according to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of
     Tianjin Jingming, the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming should be responsible for the compensation of such product
     incident until 30 June 2015, and in April 2021 Grand Pharm (China) had claimed the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming
     for the indemnification of those possible loss suffered. According to the final judgement by the court, the original
     shareholders of Tianjin Jingming should compensate to Tianjin Jingming approximately RMB38,571,000 as the existing
     compensate and liquidated damages at the point of the judgement. After the execution of the enforcement order from the
     people’s court, Grand Pharm (China) has got properties and cash at approximately RMB7.52 million in aggregate from the
     original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming, and the outstanding amount is still under enforcement processes. Also Grand
     Pharm (China) has the right to raise litigation claiming the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming for the subsequent
     payment of the indemnification related to such product quality incident made by Tianjin Jingming. Hence, the Directors are
     of the view that the said incident and the related litigations do not have material impact to the Group.

     According to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the vendors have undertaken to the Group
     that the net profit after tax (the “Actual Profit”) from domestic sales (only include the net profit generated from domestic
     sales and shall not include the profit generated from the sales of irrigating solutions（灌注液）of Tianjin Jingming for the
     period commencing on 1 January 2015 and ending on 30 June 2015 shall not be less than RMB5,000,000 (the “Performance
     Guarantee”). If the above Performance Guarantee cannot be met, the Group can claim for a refund of part of the share
     transfer consideration in according to the formula set out in the announcement of the Company dated 22 December 2014.
     The Group raised a litigation against those vendors in related to the said Performance Guarantee, and after the first trial,
     second trial and retrial from the court, the court granted the final judgement in December 2020. It was concluded that the
     Group can get back the RMB10,000,000 share transfer consideration deposited in the bank account jointly controlled by the
     Group and the vendors. The vendors should also additionally refund approximately RMB11,228,000 share transfer
     consideration to the Group in according to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming. Up to now,
     the Group has followed the judgement from the court and got back the RMB10,644,000 deposited in the bank account
     jointly controlled by the Group and the vendors.

     In June 2016, the Group has successfully applied to the court to freeze RMB20,000,000 (equivalent to approximately
     HK$22,414,000) assets of the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming, an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the
     Company since January 2015 in order to secure the Group’s pending responsibilities regarding certain litigations related to
     an incident as stated in a press release issued by the China National Food and Drug Administration (the “NMPA”) on 14 April
     2016, which is about a product quality incident related to some Ophthalmic Perfluoro propane Gases produced by Tianjin
     Jingming. According to the terms of the sales and purchase agreement in relation to the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the
     original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming should be responsible for such product incident. The Group is claiming them for
     their responsibilities and also indemnified those related losses suffered by the Group.

     Up to the subsequent reporting period, the court has continued to seize two vehicles registered under the name of the
     original shareholder of Tianjin Jingming and has frozen their bank accounts. It is persistently enforcing the collection of cash
     and any other potential assets from the original shareholders.
214    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

45. LITIGATION (Continued)
      (a)   Writ issued in PRC by China Pharm (China) and original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming
            Although such product incident is still under investigation, being taking up the social responsibilities and fulfilling
            related requirements, the Group had recalled all products of the related batches and also temporary suspended the
            production and sales of such related products. According to the terms of the Tianjin Jingming acquisition agreement,
            Tianjin Jingming had already fully settled the penalty of approximately RMB14,430,000 (equivalent to approximately
            HK$16,361,000) imposed by the NMPA. As at the date of this report, Tianjin Jingming is undertaking certain claim
            actions for approximately RMB16,540,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$18,762,000) given to the above incident.
            Given that (i) referring to the opinions from the professional organised by the NMPA, it is unable to identify the
            impurity that caused the product incident with the existing technology and it will need further investigation and
            research to find out the cause thereof; (ii) Ophthalmic Perfluoro propane Gases is not the core product of the Group,
            the Board considers that the suspension of the production of such product and the recall of the relevant batches by
            Tianjin Jingming do not have any material impact on the Group’s operations or financial position; and (iii) according to
            the terms of the Tianjin Jingming Acquisition Agreement, the original shareholders of the Tianjin Jingming should
            responsible for the compensation of such product incident. Hence, the Directors are of the view that the said incident
            and related litigations do not have material impact to the Group. For the detail information, please refer to the Group’s
            interim report date on 20 September 2016.

            On 22 August 2016, original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming filed its objection to the Rulings of Enforcement to the
            Wuhan Intermediate People’s Court.

            On 5 September 2016, the Group received the Wuhan Intermediate People’s Court’s dismissal to its objection.

      (b)   Writs issued in PRC by Tianjin Jingming and certain plaintiffs
            In April and September 2016, the Group received writs issued by certain plaintiffs against Tianjin Jingming (as
            defendant) and demand for payment with claiming of plaintiffs legal charges.

            On 17 January 2017, Tianjin Jingming received judgements dated 17 January 2017 issued by Beijing Haidian District
            People’s Court. The court made orders to request Tianjin Jingming to provide the compensation payment with the
            relevant legal charges of approximately RMB3,952,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$4,619,000).

            As at the date of this report, the court has concluded 64 cases. Among the final and effective judgements, Tianjin
            Jingming has paid the compensation and the related legal charges of approximately RMB40,200,000 in according to
            the court orders, all payment have been completed. The other related litigations of the product quality incident have
            not yet been concluded. Given that (1) such product is not the core product of the Group, and (2) according to the
            terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming should be
            responsible for the compensation of such product incident, and GrandPharma (China) is also claiming the original
            shareholders of the Tianjin Jingming for the indemnification of those possible loss suffered. Hence, the Directors are of
            the view that the said incident and the related litigations do not have material impact to the Group.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025      215


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

45. LITIGATION (Continued)
     (c)   Writs issued in PRC by Grand Pharm (China)
           Except the above litigation related to the product incident of Tianjin Jingming, according to the terms of the
           agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the vendors have undertaken to the Group that the net profit after
           tax (the “Actual Profit”) from domestic sales (only include the net profit generated from domestic sales and shall not
           include the profit generated from the sales of irrigating solutions（灌 注 液）) of Tianjin Jingming for the period
           commencing on 1 January 2015 and ending on 30 June 2015 shall not be less than RMB5 million (the “Performance
           Guarantee”). If the above Performance Guarantee cannot be met, the Group can claim for a refund of part of the
           consideration in according to the formula set out in the announcement of the Company dated 22 December 2014. The
           Group was in a litigation against those vendors in related to the said Performance Guarantee, and in July 2017
           obtained the judgement of first instance from the court and received the final judgement from the court in February
           2018. It is concluded that the Group can get back the RMB10 million share transfer consideration currently deposited in
           the bank account jointly controlled by the Group and the vendors. The vendors should also additionally refund
           approximately RMB21.2 million share transfer consideration to the Group in according to the terms of the agreement
           for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming. The vendors subsequently applied for rehearing of the aforesaid judgement,
           and the matter will be reheard according to the court’s judgement in December 2019, but it has reached final
           judgement from Hubei Higher People’s Court（湖北省高級人民法院）that the appeal from the vendors has been
           rejected and uphold the verdict.

     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, so far as the Directors were aware, the Group was not engaged in any
     litigation or claims of material importance, and no litigation or claims of material importance are pending or threatened
     against the Group.


46. MAJOR NONCASH TRANSACTIONS
     During the year, the Group entered into new lease agreements for the use of leased properties for fixed terms of 2 to 5 years.
     On the lease commencement, the Group recognised approximately HK$13,513,000 (2024: HK$2,617,000) of right-of-use
     assets and approximately HK$13,513,000 (2024: HK$2,617,000) of lease liabilities.

     On 10 March, the Group completed the acquisitions of 80% equity interest of Qinghai Yixin at a total consideration of
     approximately HK$413,461,000 in which amount of approximately HK$105,798,000 being unsettled at the end of report
     period and included in other payable.

     On 31 March 2025, the Group completed the acquisition of 30.64% equity interest in Nanjing Kainite at total consideration of
     approximately of HK$112,289,000 in which amount of HK$ 107,414,000 being unsettled at the end of the reporting period
     and included in other payable.

     The Group entered in the above non-cash activities which are not reflected in the consolidated statement of cash flows.
216    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025

47. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
      (a)   On 19 March 2026, the Group entered into a facility agreement for a term loan facility of HK$800,000,000 that was
            charged at variable interest rate of 1.35% plus HIBOR. The Facility has a term of 36 months from the effective date of
            the Facility.

      (b)   On 31 December 2025, the subsidiary of the Group entered into a share purchase agreement with the former
            shareholders of Hebei Yuanda Jiufu Biotechnology Co., Ltd. and Baoding Jiahe Fine Chemical Co., Ltd.(“target
            companies”). Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, once the conditions are met, the Group will acquire the entire
            equity interests for a total consideration of RMB316 million. Subsequent to reporting period, the Group has completed
            the registration of the transfer of the entire equity interest in the target companies.

      Save as disclosed above and elsewhere in the annual report, no subsequent events occurred after 31 December 2025 which
      may have a significant effect, on the assets and liabilities of future operations of the Group.

48. COMPARATIVE INFORMATION
      Certain comparative figures have been reclassified, to conform to current year’s presentation.

49. APPROVAL OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 26 March 2026.
