                         China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited 遠大醫藥健康控股有限公司
（於百慕達註冊成立之有限公司）                                                                                    (Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)
 股份代號：00512                                                                                        Stock Code: 00512




                                                                                                   OFFERING
提 供
                                                                                                          HONORING
   修 煉




                             Annual Report 2018 年報
                  2018                                                                                                                                     2018
                    年報                                                                                                                                Annual Report
                                                          Contents

                                                               Pages

Corporate Information                                             2

Management Discussion and Analysis                                3

Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management          16

Corporate Governance Report                                      18

Environment, Social and Governance Report                        24

Report of the Directors                                          30

Independent Auditors’ Report                                     41

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
  Other Comprehensive Income                                     47

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                     48

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                      50

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                             51

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                   53

Financial Summary                                               152
    Corporate Information


    EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                    AUDITORS
    Mr. Liu Chengwei (Chairman)                            HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
    Mr. Hu Bo (Deputy Chairman)                            Certified Public Accountants
    Dr. Shao Yan (Chief Executive Officer)
    Dr. Niu Zhanqi                                         LEGAL ADVISERS
    INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE                              As to Bermuda Law:
    DIRECTORS                                              Conyers Dill & Pearman

    Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie                                As to Hong Kong Law:
    Mr. Hu Yebi                                            Loeb & Loeb LLP
    Dr. Pei Geng
                                                           PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
    COMPANY SECRETARY
                                                           MUFG Fund Services (Bermuda) Limited
    Mr. Foo Tin Chung, Victor                              The Belvedere Building
                                                           69 Pitts Bay Road
                                                           Pembroke HM08
    AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                             Bermuda

    Mr. Liu Chengwei
    Mr. Foo Tin Chung, Victor                              HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
                                                           Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                        Shops 1712–1716, Hopewell Centre
                                                           183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong
    Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie (Chairwoman)
    Mr. Hu Yebi
    Dr. Pei Geng                                           PRINCIPAL BANKERS
                                                           HSBC
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                 China Merchants Bank
                                                           Bank of China
    Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie (Chairwoman)
    Mr. Liu Chengwei
    Mr. Hu Yebi                                            REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                           Clarendon House, 2 Church Street
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                   Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda

    Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie (Chairwoman)
    Dr. Shao Yan                                           PRINCIPAL OFFICE
    Mr. Hu Yebi
                                                           Units 3302, The Center,
                                                           99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong
    WEBSITE
    www.chinagrandpharm.com




2     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                Management Discussion and Analysis


BUSINESS REVIEW
The Group is principally engaged in the manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical preparations and medical devices,
bio-technology products, specialized pharmaceutical raw materials and nutrition products. The core pharmaceutical
and medical devices products of the Group mainly applied in the cerebro-cardiovascular emergency, Ear, Nose &
Throat as well as Eye (the “ENT”) treatments and selective internal radio therapy for tumor treatment.

Through interaction with the investors and capital markets for many years, the Group has released its latest
business development information and has gradually been recognized by the stocks trading institutions and general
investors. The Company has been successfully listed on the Interconnection Mechanism for Transactions in the
Shenzhen and Hong Kong Stock Markets (“Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect”), and additionally has also been
enlisted in the MSCI China Small Cap Index.

The development strategy of the Group is expanding the product portfolio through internal research and development
and external investment and acquisition, and also enhancing the synergy effect and operation efficiency through
effective resources allocation. After years of unremitting efforts, the Group has become one of the largest suppliers
in the PRC in the fields of cerebro-cardiovascular emergency and ENT sub-divisions. And in recent years the PRC
pharmaceutical market is encouraging innovation and many new policies have been published. The Group has been
making efforts to optimize the product matrix and developing products with high-entry barriers and technology and
products with brands in order to build up the competitiveness of core products and to increase the proportion of
higher gross profit margin products. The Group has also committed in the strategy of integration of raw materials,
enhancement of product quality and strictly control over the cost of production and administration. As a result of
the aforesaid efforts, the Group has enhanced the market share rate of sub-division of core product area and tried
to avoid the risk of gross profit margin decline probably arising from the centralized medicines procurement of
China pharmaceutical market, so as to maintain rapid sustainable development and increase the Group’s profits.
For the year ended 31 December 2018, the revenue of the Group was approximately HK$5,958.36 million, and
the profit attributable to the owners of the Company was approximately HK$712.67 million, which were increased
by 24.9% and 54.7% respectively as compared with the same period of 2017.

More than 90 products of the Group have been included in the National List of Essential Drugs (2018 Version) (“List
of Essential Drugs”) issued in the second half of 2018, including the core ENT products “Qie Nuo”, the National
Protected Chinese Medicines “Jin Sang San Jie capsule”, “He Xue Ming Mu tablet”, Gemcitabine Hydrochloride
for Injection, which is used for treatment of tumor, etc. This has further proven the efficacy and safety of the
Company’s products, as well as the general characteristics of the essential drugs needed by the market.

In 2018, the Company completed two important acquisitions which aimed to strengthen the market leading position
of the Group in the existing core treatment sectors, grasping the market opportunities to extend the treatment
area such as branded pharmaceutical products and anti-tumor treatment.

In May 2018, the Group announced the acquisition of 100% equity interest of Tung Yang with the consideration
of RMB1,540.0 million, in which its main assets is the 55% equity interests of Shanghai Xudong Haipu, a
famous company for cerebro-cardiovascular emergency drugs in China. Xudong Haipu is mainly engaged in
manufacturing and sales of pharmaceutical preparations for injection with various volumes, and its core products
covering nearly a hundred different medical products in more than 10 major pharmaceutical categories such as
emergency medication, cerebro-cardiovascular, respiratory products, etc., which is expected to create synergy
effect with the Group’s product portfolio, diversify the Group’s products pipeline in core treatment sectors such
as cerebro-cardiovascular emergency and respiratory tract. In addition, it can further expand the Group’s market
share and brand influence in these sectors, and intensify the Company’s market leading position in terms of the
cerebro-cardiovascular emergency products. 40% of the consideration of acquisition was paid to the vendor by the
Company’s issuance of 181,069,959 new ordinary shares of the Company (“Shares”) at the price of HK$4.20 per
share, while the remaining 60% was paid by the subscription funding from Shanghai Grand Financial Investment
Co. Limited (上海遠大產融投資管理有限公司) (“Shanghai Finance”) which subscribed 228,148,148 new Shares at
the subscription price of HK$5.00 per share. Such acquisition had been completed in September 2018. As of the
date of publication of this report, the Group has received approximately HK$1,038.1 million from the subscription by
Shanghai Finance, and issued 207,624,950 new Shares to the subscriber. The remaining 20,523,198 subscription
shares are expected to be distributed and issued upon receipt of the balance of subscription amount in 2019.



                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2018            3
    Management Discussion and Analysis


    In June 2018, the Group entered the Scheme Implementation Deed with CDH Genetech and Sirtex to acquire 100%
    shares of Sirtex at a total consideration of approximately AUD$1.9 billion, in which the Group held 49% equity
    interests of Sirtex. Sirtex is a global life science company registered and was listed in Australia. Its main product
    SIR-Spheres Y-90 resin microspheres, is a selective radiotherapy for liver cancer, which uses the microsphere
    technology to directly transmit the radiations into the affected hepatic tissues. The Directors believe that this
    acquisition of Sirtex will bring significant favorable opportunities for the Group to get involved in the interventional
    nuclear medicine therapy for malignant tumors, and expect the Group to further develop the existing global business
    of Sirtex, particularly SIR-Spheres Y-90 resin microsphere product. The product will have a tremendous market
    potential in China, because it adopts the world’s leading innovative technology, and PRC is an enormous untapped
    market where more than 50% of the global patients are located, and it is also lack of effective liver cancer
    treatment methods and new technology products. The Group has assisted Sirtex to kick-off the commercialization
    in the PRC so as to bring its leading therapeutic solution to Chinese patients in need. In the recent years, the
    Chinese pharmaceutical authority has continuously issued a number of preferential policies to support, promote
    and accelerate the introduction and registration of international innovative therapeutic products and acute diseases.
    The Group believes these policies would benefit the registration and approval processes of product of Sirtex, and
    accelerate the launch and commercialization procedures in the PRC. The aforesaid acquisition of Sirtex had been
    completed in September 2018, and subsequently obtained the approvals from related government authorities
    including the Foreign Investment Review Board of Australia, the Federal Trade Commission of United States and
    the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, etc.

    The consideration of the Group for the aforesaid acquisition of Sirtex was mainly funded by the proceeds from rights
    issue of the Company. The rights issue was based on six (6) rights shares for every twenty-five (25) Shares on
    a non-underwritten basis, at the subscription price of HK$5.20 per rights share (the “Rights Issue”). Such Rights
    Issue was completed in September 2018. The qualified shareholders have totally applied for 394,146,288 Shares,
    with net proceeds of approximately HK$2,048.01 million. Moreover, the Company also entered into a subscription
    agreement with a subscriber in August 2018 to allot and issue 45,000,000 Shares at the subscription price of
    HK$5.20 per Share. Such subscription was completed in September 2018, with net proceeds of approximately
    HK$233,500,000.

    Furthermore, in May 2018, the Group also announced to intend to acquire 100% equity interest of Shanghai
    Winguide Huangpu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (上海運佳黃浦制藥有限公司) at a consideration of approximately
    RMB1,551.30 million. The acquisition was not completed as the pre-conditions were not fulfilled or waived, so
    both parties reached a consensus and signed the termination agreement on 28 December 2018.

    The Group has been attaching importance to the intellectual property rights and patent protection. In 2018, the
    Group totally obtained 40 authorized patents, including 18 invention patents, 11 utility model patents and 11
    design patents. In addition, the Group has been investing substantial resources in the independent R&D, and has
    now over 30 R&D projects that are on the pipeline mainly focusing on the core development segments, including
    the cerebro-cardiovascular, ENT drugs and medical devices and the niche market orphan drugs. Since 2014, the
    Group has been co-developing many orphan drugs with Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences (中國醫學科學院).
    In 2018, five orphan drugs under research were listed into the Notice on Publication of the First Catalogue of
    Orphan Diseases (關於公佈第一批罕見病目錄的通知) jointly issued by five ministries and commissions, of which
    our self-developed Carglumic Acid Tablet, which is used for treatment of hyperammonemia, and Vigabatrin Tablet,
    which is used for treatment of complex partial seizures and for infantile spasms, have both been included in
    the priority list for drug examination and approval. As the government is increasingly putting more attention to
    orphan diseases, many supporting policies such as value-added tax benefits, priority enlisting into the medical
    reimbursement list and acceleration of drug examination and approval have been issued, all of which will be
    conducive for the Group to reserving a large number of orphan drugs.




4      China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                Management Discussion and Analysis


The registration and research of two leading-edge drug-eluting balloon products of Cardionovum Holding Co., Limited,
an associated company of the Group, made significant progress in the first half of 2018. All the clinical work of
the three indications covered by the products of RESTORE has been completed, and RESTORE CHINA presented the
research report at the International Conference on Interventional Therapy TCT in 2018, where positive feedbacks
have been received for the research conclusions. Currently, two indications of the product have entered into the
registration stage. Meanwhile, the clinical research work of APERTO has been finished. In November 2018 the chief
researcher shared the clinical results in the national continuing education class of VAC 2018 Standardization and
New Progress of the Application of Artificial Vascular Arteriovenous Fistula in Hemodialysis, the chief researcher
shared the clinical results and received positive feedback. The two products are expected to be launched in the
PRC market in the second half of 2019. The intravascular ultrasonic optical coherence tomography and synchronous
imaging system NOVASIGHT of Conavi Medical Limited, in which the Group had started investment since the second
half of 2017, accepted the premarket notification 510(k) from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) in
April 2018, which is ready to take the lead to launch commercial sales in North America market.

In February 2019, the Group entered into an exclusive license agreement with Glenmark Specialty S.A. (“Glenmark”),
a Swiss innovative pharmaceutical research and development institution. The Group will be licensed to exclusively
sell in the PRC, Ryaltris, a compound nasal spray being developed by Glenmark. Glenmark will be responsible for
manufacturing and supplying Ryaltris, while the Group will be responsible for the clinical trial and registration of
Ryaltris in the PRC, and may exclusively sell Ryaltris in China for a period of twenty years upon the marketing
approval. Ryaltris is a pioneering new compound nasal spray of glucocorticoid and antihistamine drugs, which mainly
contains olopatadine hydrochloride and mometasone, for treating seasonal allergic rhinitis of patients aged above
12. Glenmark has completed the phase 3 clinical trial of Ryaltris and applied to FDA for the product marketing
in May 2018, and such application is under review. The PRC is one of the countries with the highest incidence
of allergic rhinitis in the world. According to a survey, from 2005 to 2010, the incidence of adult allergic rhinitis
in the PRC increased from approximately 11.1% to approximately 17.6%; at present, there are approximately 150
million adults with rhinitis in the PRC, over 6 million of whom are patients with moderate and severe allergic
rhinitis, as calculated according to market research. The introduction of Ryaltris will strategically supplement the
product offerings of the Group in ENT and represent the obtaining of a new international ENT product by the
Group, thus improving the core product competitiveness of the Group.

With reference to the disclosure in the 2016 and 2017 annual report and 2018 interim report of the Company,
Tianjin Jingming New Technology Development Co., Ltd. (the “Tianjin Jingming”), an indirect non-wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company, is undertaking certain litigations related to a product quality incident, and it is also
claiming the original shareholders of the Tianjin Jingming for the indemnification of those possible loss suffered by
the Company. Up to 31 December 2018, the court has concluded 21 cases, and Tianjin Jingming has appealed
49 cases against the judgement of first instance with aggregate compensation of approximately RMB20.70
million. Among the final and effective judgements, Tianjin Jingming has paid the compensation and the related
legal charges of approximately RMB8.91 million in according to the court order. The other related litigations of
the product quality incident have not yet been concluded. Given that (1) such product is not the core product of
the Group, and (2) according to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the original
shareholders of Tianjin Jingming should be responsible for the compensation of such product incident until 30 June
2015, and Grand Pharm (China) Co., Ltd. is also claiming the original shareholders of the Tianjin Jingming for the
indemnification of those possible loss suffered. Hence, the Directors are of the view that the said incident and
the related litigations do not have material impact to the Group.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2018            5
    Management Discussion and Analysis


    According to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the vendors have undertaken to the
    Group that the net profit after tax (the “Actual Profit”) from domestic sales (only include the net profit generated
    from domestic sales and shall not include the profit generated from the sales of irrigating solutions (灌注液)) of
    Tianjin Jingming for the period commencing on 1 January 2015 and ending on 30 June 2015 shall not be less
    than RMB5 million (the “Performance Guarantee”). If the above Performance Guarantee cannot be met, the Group
    can claim for a refund of part of the consideration in according to the formula set out in the announcement of the
    Company dated 22 December 2014. The Group was in a litigation against those vendors in related to the said
    Performance Guarantee, and in July 2017 obtained the judgement of first instance from the court and received
    the final judgement from the court in February 2018. It is concluded that the Group can get back the RMB10
    million share transfer consideration currently deposited in the bank account jointly controlled by the Group and the
    vendors. The vendors should also additionally refund approximately RMB21.2 million share transfer consideration
    to the Group in according to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming. However, the
    vendors subsequently applied for rehearing of the aforesaid judgement, and the matter will be reheard according
    to the court’s judgement in December 2018, which is currently scheduling.

    As a result of the efforts of previous years, the Group has become one of the leading enterprises in the ENT
    sectors in the PRC, and has become a well-known enterprise with significant impact in the cerebro-cardiovascular
    emergency sector. We have confidence that once the products of Sirtex completed the registration in the PRC,
    the Group will become one of the enterprises which own innovative blockbusters products in the area of cancer
    treatment in the PRC, especially in the aspect of interventional internal radio therapy.

    REVENUE
    For the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group recorded a revenue amount of approximately HK$5,958.36
    million, and was increased by approximately 24.9% as compared with the same period of 2017, and a 5-year
    compound average growth rate of approximately 17.5% between 2013 to 2018. The increment of the revenue is
    mainly due to the contributions from (i) the Group actively fine-tuned the product matrix, insist on the development
    of the industrial chain of pharmaceutical raw materials and preparation integration, controlled production and
    management costs, and the businesses newly acquired in the past two years continuously contributed more to the
    performance, and the gross profit margin of products was increased; (ii) the Group has been actively expanding
    the market share coverage rate of the core products; and (iii) there are more than 200 kinds of medicines of the
    Group enlisted in the “National Drug List for Basic Medical Reimbursement, Work-Related Injury Reimbursement
    and Maternity Reimbursement (2017 Version)” (the “National Medical Reimbursement List”) published in 2017, and
    the Group vigorously develops specialized pharmaceutical products with exclusive or high-entry barriers, exclusive
    or protected pharmaceutical products and branded pharmaceutical products, etc. to minimize the risks from
    Purchasing Organizations Procurement, and enhance the competitiveness of products. The Group’s average gross
    profit margin was increased to approximately 53.1% during the period, which is approximately 1.1 percent points
    higher than approximately 52.0% in the same period of 2017, and the annual average growth rate between 2013
    to 2018 is approximately 4.0 per cent points. The reason for such increment is mainly due to the continuous
    restructuring of product matrix and increasing the proportion of high profit margin product.




6      China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                Management Discussion and Analysis


PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS AND MEDICAL DEVICES
Pharmaceutical preparations and medical devices are the major sources of profit of the Group. The core products
include ENT medicines, cerebro-cardiovascular medicines and medical devices, etc. For the year ended 31 December
2018, the revenue amount of pharmaceutical preparations and medical devices was approximately RMB3,027.64
million with the increment of approximately 34.3% as compared with approximately RMB2,253.98 million in the
same period of 2017.

—    ENT medicines and devices

     In recent years, the Group has devoted to build the most comprehensive supply chain of ENT medicines
     in the PRC, covering the prescription drugs, non-prescription drugs, Chinese medicine, medical devices,
     consumables and healthcare products, etc., and providing an all-rounded treatments and care to medical
     professions and patients. The core non-prescription products, including “Ruizhu” eye drops for the treatment
     of dry eye, and the “Nuotong” for the relief of nasal congestion in the ENT, were awarded as the top 5
     brands in the Comprehensive Ranking of Ophthalmology, Otolaryngology and Oral Classification of Chinese
     Non-prescription Drug Products (Chemicals) in 2018. Focusing on therapeutic ophthalmology products, the
     Group has multi-channel industry advantages and brand market awareness. In 2018, through the combined
     advantages of multi-products, the Group further increased the promotion of non-prescription brands and
     brand awareness from consumers to obtain further recognition of the company’s brand. In the forthcoming
     future, the Group will continue to optimize the structure of non-prescription products, expand segment
     coverage not only limited to ophthalmology market but also to other specific market sectors (oral, cold,
     gastrointestinal health), integrating multi-channel marketing teams, utilizing existing retail and online sales
     and other marketing methods to cultivate the brand culture of China Grand Pharm to become the leader
     in the domestic consumer healthcare market. During the current year, the revenue of ENT medicines and
     medical devices recorded approximately RMB1,751.00 million with a growth of approximately 34.0% as
     compared with the same period of last year. It was benefit from the substantial growth of the two major
     sub-divisions of the ENT field, in which:

     •     Ophthalmic: During 2018, the revenue from the ophthalmic products was approximately RMB648.87
           million, with an increment of approximately 16.0% as compared with the approximately RMB559.36
           million in 2017. Benefited from the increased revenue from the core ophthalmic products and
           formulations including National Protected Chinese Medicines He Xue Ming Mu series that are protected
           by the National Chinese Medicine patents, the revenue of approximately RMB206.92 million has been
           recorded, with an increment of approximately 25.9% as compared with the same period of 2017.
           Moreover, the overall drug use of the public hospitals market in China grew faster than the market
           expectation, which has also increased the procurement amount of the Group. The core non-prescription
           eyedrops “Rui Zhu” has restored to the former sales level, resulting in the revenue of approximately
           RMB116.00 million during the year, representing an increase of approximately 62.5%.

     •     Respiratory and ENT: During 2018, the revenue of the respiratory and ENT products of the Group was
           approximately RMB1,102.13 million, which is increased by approximately 47.5% as compared with the
           approximately RMB747.39 million in the same period of 2017, indicating that the academic promotions
           and inputs in the past few years have begun to make contributions. Meanwhile, as for the key product
           “Qie Nuo” of Beijing Grand Jiuhe Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., the newly-built preparations workshop has
           been successfully certified by GMP and officially put into operation during the year. Its overall production
           capacity is designed based on the market demand, and the annual production will be increased to 1
           billion pills. Continuously benefited from the National Medical Reimbursement List, List of Essential
           Drugs and the market recognition of pediatric formulations, the revenue recorded substantial growth
           and reached approximately RMB706.93 million in 2018, with an increment of approximately 54.1% as
           compared with same period of last year. Moreover, the revenue of Jin Sang series was approximately
           RMB285.60 million, with an increment of approximately 29.5% as compared with same period of last
           year.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018             7
    Management Discussion and Analysis


    —     Cerebro-cardiovascular medicines and medical devices

          The Group’s cerebro-cardiovascular emergency medicines mainly cover the field of platelet inhibitors, blood-
          pressure control, vasoactive drugs, etc., in which the platelet inhibitors injections and vasoactive drugs are in
          the pioneer position of the PRC market. With the benefit of strengthening the market promotion efforts, during
          2018, the revenue of the Group’s cerebro-cardiovascular medicines was approximately RMB844.89 million,
          increased by approximately 38.1% as compared with the same period of last year. Among this sector, the
          core product Li Shu An, Nuo Fu Kang and Rui An Ji contributed revenue amount of approximately RMB645.94
          million, which was increased by approximately 48.7% as compared with the same period of last year.

    BIO-TECHNOLOGY PRODUCTS AND NUTRITION PRODUCTS
    The core products of the bio-technology products and nutrition products include Taurine, amino acid products, bio-
    pesticides, bio-feed additives and steroid products, etc. The revenue of the bio-technology products and nutrition
    products for 2018 was approximately RMB1,363.42 million, increased by approximately 12.9% as compared with
    the same period of 2017. During the year, the Group’s Taurine and amino acid products of the Group continued
    to benefit from the increment of market demands, and rewards have also been gained from the Company’s
    constant efforts in strengthening environmental protection, investing in safety facilities and improving operational
    management, which gained more recognition of the high-end market, and resulted in the steady increment in the
    revenue and gross profit. As for the bio-pesticides and bio-feeding related products, the Company used “green
    agriculture” and continuously arranged promotions in regions with potential customers, and shared the benefits of
    “green agriculture” with existing customers. Meanwhile, the newly-developed overseas market began to show good
    results, and recorded the revenue of approximately RMB150.17 million, representing an increase of approximately
    27.1% as compared with the same period of 2017.

    SPECIALIZED PHARMACEUTICAL RAW MATERIALS AND OTHER PRODUCTS
    Specialized pharmaceutical raw materials and other products are the comparatively stable sector among the three
    core product sectors of the Group. To enhance the market competitiveness and improve the economic efficiency,
    the Group has always been investing in the improvement of the product technology and the product quality,
    reformation in the production technique to enhance the efficiency, and adjusting the product matrix. The revenue
    amount in 2018 was slightly decreased by approximately 5.9% to approximately RMB636.54 million as compared
    with the same period of last year. The Group has attached great importance to the environmental protection
    requirements in relevant policies which become more restricted, and has constantly increased the investment in
    such aspect and enhanced the awareness of environmental protection and safety, which have therefore steadily
    raised the global acceptability and reinforced the products competitiveness in terms of the global market share.

    DISTRIBUTION COSTS AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES
    Distribution costs and administrative expenses for the year were approximately HK$1,759.87 million and HK$563.58
    million respectively, while they were approximately HK$1,325.29 million and HK$541.26 million respectively in
    the same period of last year. The increment of the distribution costs was mainly due to the Group invested in
    the exploration of new markets and promotion of products during the past year, and resulted the revenue amount
    increased over HK$1,000 million. Following the primary completion of restructuring of the Group in the last few
    years, it started to generate returns and thus resulted an insignificant increment of administrative expenses while
    the Group is continuously expanding its business scale.




8       China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                Management Discussion and Analysis


FINANCE COSTS
For the year ended 31 December 2018, the finance costs of the Group were approximately HK$203.30 million
while they were approximately HK$174.43 million during the same period of 2017. The Group is working on the
changing of bank loans portfolio and considering different fund raising method in order to cope with the development
of the Group and reduction of the related costs.

OUTLOOK AND FUTURE PROSPECTS
The Global Use of Medicine in 2019 and Outlook to 2023, a global medical market forecast report published by
IQVIA Holdings Inc., a world-famous medical marketing consultancy, points out that the global outlook for medicine
use and spending affects the prospects of life sciences companies, insurers and the health of populations. In
2018, the global pharmaceutical market reached US$1.2 trillion, of which approximately US$137 billion was
attributable to China. The global pharmaceutical market will exceed US$1.5 trillion by 2023 growing at a 3–6%
compound annual growth rate over the next five years, of which pharmaceutical markets in developing countries
are expected to grow at a 5–8% compound annual growth rate.

According to the pharmaceutical market development course and experience of developed countries, especially with
opportunities and challenges from the expiry of exclusive rights to patented drug products, the future development
of the global pharmaceutical market will focus on the matter of balanced development between innovative products
entering the market and branded drugs in the market. The entry of new products into the market, the application
and prices of branded drugs, especially the development of biosimilar drugs and otherwise, have a significant
influence on pharmaceutical markets of developed and developing countries.

China’s economic development is an important basis and a barometer for the development of the pharmaceutical
market. National economic development shifts from “growth rate increase” to “quality improvement”, promoting
the transformation and upgrade of the economic industry, improvement in the people’s prosperity and scientific
and technological progress. From the perspective of development of China’s pharmaceutical market, in recent
years, the policies and measures on national pharmaceutical market reform, including separation of prescribing
and dispensing, two-invoice system and drug consistency evaluation, have been continuously published, not for
product innovation and advancement, but for the purpose of reducing pharmaceutical product prices and medical
insurance burden, based on ensuring the pharmaceutical product quality and bioavailability. The establishment
of National Healthcare Security Administration and successive implementation of measures including “centralized
procurement in 4+7 cities” and adjuvant drug catalogue present challenges and reform opportunities for China’s
pharmaceutical market and enterprises.

In China, a pharmaceutical market encouraging technological innovation but dominated by generic drugs, the core
competitiveness of a pharmaceutical enterprise will lie on how fast a product can be launched, the product quality
and production cost. The production, marketing and R&D are three major production factors for the development
of a pharmaceutical enterprise, while the patients-oriented supply chain is the bond and key for supporting and
promoting the coordinated development of the three major factors. The Group has always paid great attention to the
management of the pharmaceutical supply chain. In terms of production and manufacturing, it has adhered to the
integration principles of procurement of raw materials and auxiliary materials, and manufacturing of pharmaceutical
raw materials and preparations, thus improving the product quality, controlling the product costs and enhancing
the market competitiveness of the products of the Company. In terms of marketing, it focuses on professional
academic promotion and gradually forms a special model and strategy of the Company to sell products with high-
entry barriers and branded products, thus significantly increasing the gross margins of the Company’s products.
In terms of R&D, it has actively adhered to the strategy of combination of independent R&D, investment and
acquisition, and introduction of products, so as to continuously provide series products in core fields to meet
market demands. Such efforts enable the Group to maintain high growth for years, with greater recognition and
popularity of its enterprises and product brands in the market.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2018            9
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     The core strategy of the Group’s future overall development is to consolidate the barrier for existing products and
     realize the transformation to an innovation-oriented pharmaceutical enterprise as soon as possible, with focus
     on patients and market orientation, based on research and development. Looking forward to the next few years,
     the Group will make greater efforts in terms of research and development of new products as well as enterprise
     management. Firstly, “focus on patients” means providing patients with high-quality products and satisfying market
     demands. In terms of development and marketing of products, with regard to existing products, the Group will
     coordinate and mobilize internal important resources to strongly support and develop pharmaceutical and medical
     devices and branded pharmaceutical products with technical and market barriers, based on paying attention to
     and developing integrated production and manufacturing of products, and will provide a greater number of curative,
     cost-effective and high-quality blockbusters in the market. Secondarily, “based on research and development”
     means attaching great importance to the future development of products towards high-end value chain, which
     relates to the survival of a pharmaceutical enterprise. The Group will invest more financial and human resources in
     digesting and introducing international innovative drugs and medical devices, develop a greater number of important
     products in fields of technical innovation, severe diseases, rare diseases and otherwise, through fully using
     China’s national preferential policies which encourage technical innovation, and reserve diversified blockbusters
     with a good application prospect, and improve the competitiveness of the Company’s products, so as to lay a
     solid foundation for the future development of the Company. Thirdly, “market orientation” means adoption of
     management and marketing models which are adapted to the market environment, according to changes in the
     market and competitive landscape. The Group will make efforts to improve the management model, especially the
     soft management model (organizational structural and sales model adjustment) and overseas investment enterprise
     management model, and improve the management and marketing efficiency, so that facing market challenges,
     enterprises are able to achieve steady and efficient development and have stronger risk control ability, market
     competitiveness and the overseas management ability.

     Throng years of efforts, the Group has accumulated a number of competitive product groups with certain technical
     and market barriers, in ENT, ophthalmology, cerebro-cardiovascular emergency and otherwise, and has built good
     enterprise and product brands, which has laid a solid foundation for continuous and steady growth of the Company
     in the future. On this basis, the Group has gradually reserved a number of internationally state-of-the art and
     innovative series products through independent development, outward investment, mergers and acquisitions and
     otherwise. With the successive completion of development and registration of such products, especially based on
     the implementation of the plan of the Group’s international-level pharmaceutical research and development center
     and achievements in global commercialization of the products developed by it, the Group will launch a greater
     number of innovative medicines and high-end medical devices up to international standards, so that it is able to
     maintain existing advantages of medicines with high-entry barriers and branded medicines, and further develop
     itself into a large pharmaceutical enterprise group with advantages of international technical innovation.

     FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY
     As at 31 December 2018, the Group had current assets of HK$3,429.05 million (31 December 2017: HK$2,947.43
     million) and current liabilities of HK$4,966.85 million (31 December 2017: HK$4,006.77 million). The current
     ratio was 0.69 at 31 December 2018 as compared with 0.74 at 31 December 2017.

     The Group’s cash and bank balances as at 31 December 2018 amounted to HK$912.24 million (31 December
     2017: HK$640.84 million), of which approximately 1.9% were denominated in Hong Kong, United States Dollars
     and Euro, and 98.1% in Renminbi.

     As at 31 December 2018, the Group had outstanding bank loans of approximately HK$2,134.35 million
     (31 December 2017: HK$2,422.56 million) were granted by banks in the PRC. All bank loans were denominated
     in RMB and granted by banks in the PRC. The interest rates charged by banks ranged from 2.92% to 6.66%
     (31 December 2017: 2.65% to 7.20%) per annum, in which approximately HK$1,087.00 million bank loans were
     charged at fixed interest rates. Certain bank loans were pledged by assets of the Group with a net book value
     of HK$250.16 million (31 December 2017: HK$305.53 million). The gearing ratio of the Group, measured by
     bank borrowings as a percentage of shareholders’ equity, was significantly reduced to approximately 29.7% as at
     31 December 2018 as compared with approximately 108.4% as at 31 December 2017.




10     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                Management Discussion and Analysis


Since the Group’s principal activities are in the PRC and the financial resources available, including cash on hand
and bank borrowings, are mainly in Renminbi and Hong Kong dollars, the exposure to foreign exchange fluctuation
is relatively low.

The Group intends to principally finance its operations and investing activities with its operating revenue, internal
resources and bank facilities. The Directors believe that the Group has a healthy financial position and has sufficient
resources to satisfy its capital expenditure and working capital requirement. The Group adopted a conservative
treasury policy with most of the bank deposits being kept in Hong Kong dollars, or in the local currencies of the
operating subsidiaries to minimize exposure to foreign exchange risks. As at 31 December 2018, the Group did
not have foreign exchange contracts, interest or currency swaps or other financial derivatives for hedging purposes.

PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
The Group’s financial condition, results of operations, and business prospects may be affected by a number of
risks and uncertainties directly or indirectly pertaining to the Group’s businesses. To the best of knowledge and
belief, the Directors consider that the following are the key risks and uncertainties identified by the Group as at
the date of this report.

Market Risks

Market risk is the risk that deteriorates profitability or affects ability to meet business objectives arising from the
movement in market prices, like foreign exchange rates and interest rates. The management of the Group manages
and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.

Foreign Exchange Rates Risk

The Group mainly operates in the PRC with most of the transactions settled in Renminbi. During the year ended
31 December 2018, the Group did not carry out any hedging activity against foreign currency risk. Any substantial
exchange rate fluctuation of foreign currencies against Renminbi may have a financial impact on the Group.

Interest Rate Risk

For interest-sensitive investments, the Group analyses its interest rate exposure on a dynamic basis and considers
managing this risk in a cost-effective manner when appropriate, through variety of means.

Liquidity Risk

Liquidity risk is the potential that the Group will be unable to meet its obligations when they fall due because of
an inability to obtain adequate funding or liquidate assets. In managing liquidity risk, the Group monitors cash
flows and maintains an adequate level of cash and cash equivalent to ensure the ability to finance the Group’s
operations and reduce the effects of fluctuation in cash flows.

Operational Risk

Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or
from external events. Responsibility for managing operational risks basically rests with every function at divisional
and departmental levels. Key functions in the Group are guided by their standard operating procedures, limits of
authority and reporting framework. The management will identify and assess key operational exposures regularly
so that appropriate risk response can be taken.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018            11
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Investment Risk

     Investment risk can be defined as the likelihood of occurrence of losses relative to the expected return on any
     particular investment. Key concern of investment framework will be balancing risk and return across different
     investments, and thus risk assessment is a core aspect of the investment decision process. Proper authorisation
     system has been set up and detailed analysis will be made before approving investments. Regular updates on
     the progress of the investments of the Group would be submitted to the Board.

     Economic Environment

     Most of the Group’s facilities, operations and its revenue are located in and derived from Hong Kong and the
     PRC. The Group’s results of operations and financial condition therefore depend on the economies of Hong Kong
     and the PRC. The economy of Hong Kong is significantly affected by the developments in the Mainland China and
     the Asia-Pacific region. Mainland China’s economy may experience negative economic developments, and other
     regional economies may also deteriorate.

     The Group also has significant business across the PRC and part of its growth strategy is to expand into new
     regions. These regions have also been adversely affected by the global economic slowdown and any continued
     slowdown may have an adverse effect on the Group’s existing operations in, and planned expansion into, these
     regions.

     Environmental Policies

     The Group is committed to contributing to the sustainability of the environment and is committed to building an
     environmentally-friendly corporation that pays close attention to conserving natural resources. The Group strives
     to minimize its environmental impact by reducing water consumption and encouraging recycle of office supplies
     and other materials.

     Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations

     Save as disclosed above, during the year ended 31 December 2018, as far as the Company is aware, there
     was no material breach of or non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations by the Group that have a
     significant impact on the business and operations of the Group.

     Key Relationships

     (i)     Employees

             Human resources are one of the greatest assets of the Group and the Group regards the personal
             development of its employees as highly important. The Group aims to continue to be an attractive employer for
             committed employees. The Group strives to motivate its employees with a clear career path and opportunities
             for advancement and improvement of their skills.

     (ii) Suppliers

             The Group has developed long-standing relationships with a number of suppliers and take a great care to
             ensure that they share its commitment to quality and ethics. The Group carefully selects its suppliers and
             requires them to satisfy certain assessment criteria including experience, reputation and quality control
             effectiveness.

     (iii) Customers

             The Group is committed to offer quality products to its customers and keep them updated of its latest
             business developments.


12         China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                               Management Discussion and Analysis


EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY
As at 31 December 2018, the Group employed about 8,006 staff and workers in Hong Kong and the PRC
(31 December 2017: about 7,803). The Group remunerates its employees based on their performance and
experience and their remuneration package will be reviewed periodically by the management. Other employee
benefits include medical insurance, retirement scheme, appropriate training program and share option scheme.

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS
In May 2018, the Company and GL Saino Investment Limited entered into an agreement for the acquisition of
100% equity interests in Tung Yang at the consideration of RMB1.54 billion. Its major asset is owning 55%
equity interests of a famous cerebro-cardiovascular enterprise Xudong Haipu, The above mentioned acquisition
was completed in September 2018.

In June 2018, the Group entered the Scheme Implementation Deed with CDH Genetech and Sirtex to acquire
100% shares of Sirtex at a total consideration of approximately AUD$1.9 billion, in which the Group held 49%
equity interests of Sirtex. The above mentioned acquisition was completed in September 2018.

Issuance of new shares and use of proceeds

On 9 October 2017, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with Mr. Huang Xiaohua for the subscription
of 47,750,000 Shares with an aggregate nominal value of approximately HK$477,500. The subscription price and
the net price (after deduction of all necessary related expenses) was HK$2.24 per Share. The closing price of
the Share at the date of entering the agreement (i.e. 9 October 2017, being the last trading day for the Shares
before entering the agreement) was HK$2.71 per Share. The said subscription shares were allotted and issued
on 15 January 2018. The net proceeds from the subscription were approximately HK$107.0 million (equivalent
to the net issue price of approximately HK$2.24 per Share) and already applied as to approximately HK$90.0
million for repayment of bank loans, approximately HK$9.9 million for repayment of interest of convertible bonds,
approximately HK$1.7 million for salary and wages, approximately HK$0.8 million for office rent, approximately
HK$3.2 million for audit fees and other professional expenses, and approximately HK$1.4 million for other recurring
operating expenses.

On 23 June 2014, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with RedStone Capital Management (Cayman)
Limited for the subscription of a convertible bond in an aggregate amount of HK$30.0 million. The convertible
bond can be converted into Shares at the initial conversion price of HK$1.35 per Share. The net proceeds from
the subscription of such convertible bond was approximately HK$29.7 million. The closing price of the Share at
the date of entering the agreement (i.e. 23 June 2014, being the last trading day for the Shares before entering
the agreement) was HK$1.50 each Share. On 26 February 2018, the Company received a conversion notice from
the holder of the convertible bond. The convertible bond was then fully converted and 22,222,222 Shares with an
aggregate nominal value of approximately HK$222,222 were allotted and issued to the holder of the convertible
bond on 8 March 2018. The issuance of such convertible bond was initially intended to finance an acquisition of
a company, but subsequently the transaction was terminated and thus the unused proceeds were already applied
as the general working capital of the Group.

On 24 May 2018, the Company and GL Saino Investment Limited entered into an agreement for the acquisition
of 100% equity interests in Tung Yang at the consideration of RMB1,540.0 million, among which 40% of the
consideration (i.e. approximately RMB616.0 million, represents approximately HK$760.0 million) will be settled by
the allotment and issue of consideration shares. On 24 August 2018, as the condition precedents of the acquisition
agreement were fulfilled, 181,069,959 consideration shares with an aggregate nominal value of approximately
HK$1,810,700 were allotted and issued in according to the consideration shares special mandate.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2018           13
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     On 24 May 2018, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with the Shanghai Finance, pursuant to
     which the Shanghai Finance conditionally agreed to subscribe for and the Company conditionally agreed to allot
     and issue, 228,148,148 subscription shares at the subscription price of HK$5.00 per subscription share (the
     closing price of the Share at the date of entering the agreement (i.e. 24 May 2018, being the last trading day
     for the Shares before entering the agreement) was HK$6.34 per Share) for a cash consideration of approximately
     HK$1,141 million for the settlement of consideration for the acquisition of equity interests in Tung Yang. For
     the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group has received part of the subscription money amounted to
     approximately HK$1,038.1 million, and in aggregate 207,624,950 subscription shares with an aggregate nominal
     value of approximately HK$2,076,250 have been allotted and issued, representing approximately 91.0% of all the
     subscription shares to be allotted and issued under the subscription agreement. It is expected that the completion
     of the allotment and issuance of the remaining 20,523,198 subscription shares shall occur within 2019 upon
     receiving the remaining balance of the subscription money. The net proceeds received from the said subscription
     amounted to approximately HK$1,037.82 million (equivalent to the net issue price of approximately HK$5.00 per
     Share), in which approximately HK$890.68 million was applied as the partial consideration for the acquisition of
     equity interests in Tung Yang, and the remaining money amounted to approximately HK$147.14 million is reserved
     for the settlement of the remaining consideration for the said acquisition in 2019.

     On 4 July 2018, the Company proposed a rights issue on the basis of six (6) rights shares for every twenty-
     five (25) Shares held by the qualifying shareholders. The subscription price of each rights share is HK$5.20
     (the closing price of the Share at the date of making the proposal of rights issue (i.e. 4 July 2018, being the
     last trading day for the Shares before making the proposal of rights issue) was HK$5.36 per Share), and the
     proceeds were intended for the settlement of consideration for the acquisition of Sirtex. The rights issue became
     unconditional on 29 August 2018, and rights shares commenced dealing on the Stock Exchange on 6 September
     2018. Qualifying shareholders applied for 394,146,288 Shares in aggregate with an aggregate nominal value of
     approximately HK$3,941,463, and the net proceeds amounted to approximately HK$2,048.01 million (equivalent
     to the net issue price of approximately HK$5.20 per Share). The net proceeds received from the rights issue
     were fully applied as the partial consideration for the acquisition of Sirtex.

     Furthermore, on 30 August 2018 the Company entered into a subscription agreement with Oasis Investment
     II Master Fund Ltd for the allotment and issue of 45,000,000 Shares with an aggregate nominal value of
     approximately HK$450,000 at the subscription price of HK$5.20 per share (the closing price of the Share at the
     date of entering the agreement (i.e. 30 August 2018, being the last trading day for the Shares before entering
     the agreement) was HK$5.21 per Share), and the proceeds were intended for the settlement of consideration
     for the acquisition of Sirtex. The said subscription was completed on 12 September 2018, and the net proceeds
     amounted to approximately HK$233.50 million (equivalent to the net issue price of approximately HK$5.19 per
     Share) were fully applied as the partial consideration for the acquisition of Sirtex.

     FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS
     Except for those set out in the “Events after the Reporting Period” in this report, the Group had authorised but
     not provided for capital expenditure commitments of approximately HK$13.47 million in respect of acquisition of
     non-current assets as at 31 December 2018.

     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENT
     There was no other significant investment during the year.

     EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
     Save as disclosed above, no subsequent events occurred after 31 December 2018, which may have a significant
     effect, on the assets and liabilities or future operations of the Group.




14     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                              Management Discussion and Analysis


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
As at 31 December 2018, the Directors were not aware of any material contingent liabilities.

APPRECIATION
On behalf of the board of Directors (the “Board”), I would like to express my gratitude to our management and
staff for their dedication and contribution to the Group, and our shareholders and business associates for their
continued support throughout the year.




Liu Chengwei
Chairman

Hong Kong, 26 March 2019




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2018           15
     Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management


     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     Mr. Liu Chengwei, aged 45, was appointed as an executive Director in July 2008. Mr. Liu is the Chairman of the
     Company and is a director of Grand Pharm (China) Company Limited (“Grand Pharm (China)) and Xi’an Beilin, which
     both are subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Liu has over 20 years of financial and management experience in the
     PRC. Mr. Liu is currently a director of the China Grand Enterprises Incorporation (“China Grand”) (a substantial
     shareholder of the Company) and a supervisor of Huadong Medicine Company Limited, (“Huadong Medicine”), which
     is listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000963). Huadong Medicine is owned as to approximately
     41.77% by China Grand as at the date of this report, and is therefore a connected person (as defined in the
     Listing Rules) of the Company. Mr. Liu worked for General Electric Company for 5 years before joining China Grand
     in 2001. Mr. Liu holds a bachelor degree in International Economics from Peking University and a master degree
     in Business Administration from China Europe International Business School.

     Mr. Hu Bo, aged 34, was appointed as an executive Director in July 2008. Mr. Hu has over 10 years of experience
     in network project management and property management. Mr. Hu is currently the senior business director of
     a real estate company in the PRC. Mr. Hu holds a bachelor degree in Applied Science & Engineering, Electrical
     Engineering from University of Toronto, and a master degree in Business Administration from New York Institute
     of Technology. Mr. Hu is a nephew of Mr. Hu Kaijun, who controls and ultimately and beneficially owns the China
     Grand.

     Dr. Shao Yan, aged 56, was appointed as an executive Director in October 2008. Dr. Shao joined the Company
     in March 2008 and is the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Dr. Shao is responsible for overseeing the
     entire operations, investing and financing, merger and acquisition and investor relationship management of the
     Company. Dr. Shao has over 20 years of experience in corporate management and venture capital investment.
     Dr. Shao holds a master degree in Business Administration from Guanghua School of Management of Peking
     University and a doctor degree (PhD) in Management from School of Politics and International Studies of Beijing
     Normal University.

     Dr. Niu Zhanqi, aged 52, was appointed as an executive Director in November 2016. Dr. Niu has more than 10
     years’ experience in pharmaceutical research and development. He is currently the president of the Pharmaceutical
     Management Headquarters of China Grand. He also is a director of Huadong Medicine since June 2016. Dr. Niu
     holds a bachelor’s degree in science from Nankai University and a doctoral degree (PhD) in pharmaceutics from
     Shenyang Pharmaceutical University.

     INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie, aged 56, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in March 2005.
     Ms. So is a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and a practicing member of the
     Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. She is a partner of an accounting firm.

     Mr. Hu Yebi, aged 55, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in December 2018. Mr. Hu received
     his Master of Business Administration from Netherlands International Institute for Management in the Netherlands
     and a Postgraduate Diploma in Management Engineering from Beijing Institute of Technology in Beijing, the PRC.
     Mr. Hu has more than twenty years of experience in securities and financial services, mergers and acquisitions
     and corporate finance. Mr. Hu is the founder and chairman of Vision Finance Group Limited. Mr. Hu is currently
     a non-executive director of Beijing Sports and Entertainment Industry Group Limited (stock code: 1803) and was
     an executive director of Tai United Holdings Limited (stock code: 718), Hua Lien International (Holding) Company
     Limited (stock code: 969), Beijing Enterprises Medical and Health Industry Limited (stock code: 2389) and Beijing
     Properties (Holdings) Limited (stock code: 925), but already resigned in October 2016, July 2017, October 2018
     and November 2018 respectively. All these companies are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

     Dr. Pei Geng, aged 59, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in May 2011. Dr. Pei holds a
     bachelor degree in Medicine and clinically became a neurosurgeon after graduation from Beijing Capital University
     of Medicine, China. Dr. Pei also holds a licentiate degree in Medical Sciences from Uppsala University, Sweden
     and a PhD degree in neuroscience from University of Würzburg, Germany. Dr. Pei is currently working in Multiway
     Trading Intl., USA and its Beijing branch.

16     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management


SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. Foo Tin Chung, Victor, aged 50, joined the Company in September 2011 as a company secretary of the
Company. Mr. Foo holds a bachelor degree in Accounting and Information System in the University of New South
Wales in Australia and a master degree in Business Administration in Australia Graduate School of Management.
He is a member of the Australia Society of Certified Practising Accountants and an associate member of the
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Foo is an independent non-executive director of Shandong
Luoxin Pharmaceutical Group Stock Co., Ltd. which withdrawal listing on the Stock Exchange since June 2017.
Mr. Foo was an independent non-executive director of, Ngai Shun Holdings Limited (stock code: 1246) and Sino
Haijing Holdings Limited (stock code: 1106), and a company secretary of Huisheng International Holdings Limited
(stock code: 1340), but already resigned on July 2015, June 2016 and September 2017 respectively. All these
companies are listed on the Stock Exchange.

Mr. Xie Guofan, aged 68, joined the principal subsidiary Grand Pharm (China) since 1970 and was appointed as
its director since 1994. Mr. Xie is responsible for overseeing entire operations and management of Grand Pharm
(China), and has over 30 years of experience in corporate management and pharmaceutical manufacturing. Mr.
Xie holds a practicing pharmacist license in the PRC.

Mr. Shi Xiaofeng, aged 52, joined the principal subsidiary Grand Pharm (China) since 2003 and was appointed
as its director and general manager. Mr. Shi is responsible for overseeing the entire operations and management
of Grand Pharm (China), and has over 20 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry management. Mr.
Shi used to work for Schering-Plough and Pharmacia as senior management before joining the Group. Mr. Shi
holds a medical degree from Medical School of Southeast University and a EMBA certificate at China Europe
International Business School.

Mr. Zhang Bangguo, aged 51, joined the principal subsidiary Grand Pharm (China) since 1989 and used to work
for it as a senior management, was currently appointed as director of Zhejiang Xianju Xianle Pharmaceutical
Company Limited (“Zhejiang Xianle”), has over 20 years of experience in pharmaceutical industry and sales and
marketing. Mr. Zhang is responsible for overseeing the entire operation and management of Zhejiang Xianle. Mr.
Zhang holds a MBA degree at Huazhong University of Science & Technology and holds a practicing pharmacist
license in the PRC.

Mr. Feng Yonghua, aged 51, joined Zhejiang Xianle since 2002 and currently was appointed as its general
manager. Mr. Feng is responsible for overseeing the entire operation of Zhejiang Xianle, and he has over 20 years
of experience of general management. Mr. Feng holds a practicing pharmacist license in the PRC.




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2018           17
     Corporate Governance Report


     The Company has complied with all the applicable code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (the “Code
     Provisions”) as set out in Appendix 14 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on
     the Stock Exchange during the year ended 31 December 2018, save for the deviations below which have been
     rectified during the year 2018:

     NON-COMPLIANCE WITH RULES 3.10(1), 3.21 AND 3.25 OF THE LISTING RULES
     Pursuant to Rule 3.10(1) and Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules, every board of directors of a listed issuer must
     include at least three independent non-executive directors and the audit committee must comprise a minimum of
     three members. Pursuant to Rule 3.25, the remuneration committee should comprise a majority of independent
     non-executive directors. Mr. Lo Kai, Lawrence, an independent non-executive Director, a member of the audit
     committee, nomination committee and remuneration committee of the Company, passed away on 11 May 2018
     due to illness. Thus the number of independent non-executive Directors fell below the minimum number of three
     as required under Rule 3.10(1) of the Listing Rules, and the number of members of the audit committee of the
     Company fell below the minimum number prescribed under Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules. The remuneration
     committee also has only half members comprised by independent non-executive Director which is below the
     requirement under Rule 3.25. On 31 December 2018, Mr. Hu Yebi was appointed as the independent non-executive
     director of the Company, and also as a member of the audit committee, remuneration committee and nomination
     committee. Following the appointment of Mr. Hu Yebi as independent non-executive director and a member of
     each of the audit committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee of the Company, the Company
     has re-complied with the requirements under Rules 3.10(1), 3.21 and 3.25 of the Listing Rules.

     This report also provides the status of the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Report as set
     out in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules as follows:

     DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
     Code”) as set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct for securities transactions by
     Directors. Having made specific enquiries of all Directors, the Directors have complied with the required standard
     set out in the Model Code during the year ended 31 December 2018.

     BOARD OF DIRECTORS
     The Board is responsible for formulating and reviewing business strategies and directions, overseeing the
     management and monitoring the performance of the Group. While the management is delegated by the Board to
     execute these business strategies and directions and is responsible for the daily operations of the Group.

     Currently, the Board comprises 4 executive Directors — Mr. Liu Chengwei, Mr. Hu Bo, Dr. Shao Yan and Dr. Niu
     Zhanqi and 3 independent non-executive Directors — Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie, Mr. Hu Yebi and Dr. Pei Geng.
     Mr. Liu Chengwei is the Chairman and Dr. Shao Yan is the Chief Executive Officer. There is no relationship among
     members of the Board.

     The roles of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer are clearly defined and segregated to ensure independence
     and proper checks and balances. Mr. Liu, as Chairman of the Board, with his strategic vision, provides leadership
     to the Board and gives direction in the development of the Group, which is of added benefit to the check and
     balance mechanism of the Group. Dr. Shao, as the Chief Executive Officer, focuses on the day- to-day management
     of the Group’s business, and leads the management team of the Group.

     The Board believes that the balance between executive and non-executive Directors is reasonable and adequate
     to provide check and balance that safeguard the interests of shareholders and the Group.

     The Company has received annual confirmation of independence from all independent non-executive Directors
     in accordance with Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers that all independent non-executive
     Directors are independent and meet the independent guidelines set out in the Listing Rules.


18     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                  Corporate Governance Report


All Directors are appointed for a term of one year and are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at the
general meetings in accordance with the Company’s Bye-Laws.

TRAINING, INDUCTION AND CONTINUING DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS
Each Director receives comprehensive, formal and tailored induction on the first occasion of his/her appointment
so as to ensure the he/she has appropriate understanding of the business and operations of the Company and
that he/she is fully aware of his/her responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant regulatory
requirements.

The Company is committed to arranging and funding suitable training to all Directors for their continuous professional
development. Each Director is briefed and updated from time to time to ensure that he/she is fully aware of his/
her responsibilities under the Listing Rules and applicable legal and regulatory requirements and the governance
policies of the Group. All Directors also understand the importance of continuous professional development and
are committed to participating any suitable training to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.

AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Company has established an audit committee with written terms of reference for the purpose of monitoring the
integrity of the financial statements and overseeing the financial reporting process and the internal control system
of the Group. The audit committee is also responsible for the appointment of external auditors and assessment
of their qualifications, independence and performance.

Currently, the audit committee consists of three independent non-executive Directors namely, Ms. So Tosi Wan,
Winnie (Chairwoman), Mr. Hu Yebi and Dr. Pei Geng. Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie has appropriate professional
qualifications as required by 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules.

The audit committee held two meetings during the year ended 31 December 2018 and reviewed the accounting
principles and practices adopted by the Group and discussed financial reporting matters including a review of
the interim and annual financial statements. The audit committee also met with the external auditors to discuss
auditing, internal control, statutory compliance and financial reporting matters before recommending the financial
statements to the Board for approval. There was no disagreement between management and the external auditors
with regard to the interim and annual financial statements.

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The Company has established a remuneration committee with written terms of reference. Currently, the remuneration
committee is chaired by Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie with an executive Director Mr. Liu Chengwei and an independent
non-executive Director Mr. Hu Yebi as members.

The remuneration committee is responsible for making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy
and structure for the remuneration of all Directors and senior management and reviewing specific remuneration
package of all Directors and senior management including any compensation payable for loss or termination of their
office and appointment. The remuneration should reflect the performance, complexity of duties and responsibility
of the individual. The remuneration committee met once during the year to review the remuneration policy for all
Directors and senior management.

The remuneration of Directors and senior management comprises salary, pensions and discretionary bonus. Details
of the Directors’ emoluments for the year ended 31 December 2018 are set out in note 15 to the consolidated
financial statements.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018            19
     Corporate Governance Report


     NOMINATION COMMITTEE
     The Company has established a nomination committee with written terms of reference. Currently, the nomination
     committee is chaired by Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie with an executive Director Dr. Shao Yan and an independent
     non-executive Director Mr. Hu Yebi as members.

     The nomination committee is responsible for assisting the Board in the overall management of the nomination
     practices of the Company to ensure that effective policies, processes and practices are implemented in respect of
     the appointment and removal of Directors. The nomination committee considers the past performance, qualification,
     general market conditions and the Company’s Bye-laws in seeking and recommending candidates for directorship.

     The nomination committee held a meeting in 2018 to review the structure, size and composition of the Board,
     assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors and other related matters of the Company.

     ATTENDANCE RECORD AT MEETINGS
     The attendance records of each Director at the various meetings of the Company during the year ended
     31 December 2018 are set out as below:

                                                                    Meetings Attended/Held
                                           Special       Annual
                                           General      General                    Audit Remuneration        Nomination
     Directors                             Meeting      Meeting       Board    Committee   Committee         Committee

     Mr. Liu Chengwei                           2/2         1/1       17/17           N/A             1/1            N/A
     Mr. Hu Bo                                  2/2         1/1       17/17           N/A             N/A            N/A
     Dr. Shao Yan                               2/2         1/1       17/17           N/A             N/A            1/1
     Dr. Niu Zhanqi                             2/2         1/1       17/17           N/A             N/A            N/A
     Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie                    2/2         1/1       17/17           2/2             1/1            1/1
     Mr. Lo Kai, Lawrence (passed               0/0         0/0         2/2           1/1             1/1            1/1
       away on 11 May 2018)
     Mr. Hu Yebi (appointed on                  0/0         0/0          0/0          0/0             0/0            0/0
       31 December 2018)
     Dr. Pei Geng                               2/2         1/1       17/17           2/2             N/A            N/A

     AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
     During the year, the auditors performed the work of statutory audit for the year of 2018 and were also involved
     in non-audit assignment of acting as the reporting accountants of a Company’s transaction as disclosed in the
     announcement dated 24 May 2018 and the right issue as disclosed in the announcement dated 4 July 2018.

     The audit committee was satisfied that the non-audit services provided by the auditors did not affect its
     independence.

     Audit fees and fees for non-audit services for the year under review payable/paid to the auditors of the Company,
     HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited, amounted to HK$2,880,000 and HK$400,000 respectively.

     FINANCIAL REPORTING
     The Board has overall responsibility for preparing the accounts of the Group. In preparing the accounts, the generally
     accepted accounting policies in Hong Kong have been adopted and the Group has complied with accounting
     standards issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Appropriate accounting policies
     have also been applied consistently. Save as the conditions as disclosed on pages 59 to 60 of this report, the
     Directors are not aware of any other material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast doubt
     upon the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.



20      China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                 Corporate Governance Report


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board acknowledges that it has overall responsibility for the Group’s risk management and internal control
systems and for reviewing their effectiveness. The Company has an internal audit team which carries out the
analysis and independent appraisal of the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and
internal control systems and reports to the Board. The Board also ensures that the review of the effectiveness
of these systems has been conducted annually. Several areas have been considered during the Board’s review,
which include but not limited to (i) the changes in the nature and extent of significant risks since the last annual
review, and the Group’s ability to respond to changes in its business and the external environment (ii) the scope
and quality of management’s ongoing monitoring of risks and of the internal control systems.

During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Board has conducted its regular and annual review of the
effectiveness of our risk management and internal control systems, in particular, the operational and financial
reports, compliance control and risk management reports, budgets and business plans provided by the
management. The audit committee of the Company also performs regular review of the Group’s performance, risk
management and internal control systems and discusses with the Board, in order to ensure effective measures
are in place to protect material assets and identify business risks of the Group. Such review in the year ended
31 December 2018 did not reveal any major issues and the Board considers our risk management and internal
control systems effective and adequate. The Group’s review procedures involved in the risk management and
internal control mainly included:

(1)   A list of risks was created after the scope of risks was determined and risks were identified.

(2)   The impacts brought by possible financial losses due to risks on operating efficiency, continuous development,
      and reputation were assessed with reference to possible occurrence of various potential risks and the
      attention drawn from the management of the Group, based on which the priority of the risks was determined.

(3)   Our risk management measures with respect to material risks were identified, internal control over the
      design and implementation of risk management measures were assessed, and measures to improve the
      weaknesses were formulated.

(4)   By assessing internal controls and management’s implementation of rectification measures with respect
      to material risks, the Group regularly reviewed and summarized the risk management and internal control
      systems to realize the efficient operation and constant improvement of risk management.

(5)   The risk management handbook was formulated to address risk management and internal control, pursuant
      to which, the terms of reference of the management, the Board, and the Audit Committee with respect to
      their risk management work were clearly determined, and risk management and internal control systems
      were monitored on an ongoing basis.

(6)   The management submitted reports to the Audit Committee on regular reviews and assessment results
      with respect to risk management and internal control systems, material risk factors, and the relevant
      countermeasures.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2018            21
     Corporate Governance Report


     In order to enhance the Group’s system of handling inside information, and to ensure the truthfulness, accuracy,
     completeness and timeliness of its public disclosures, the Group also adopts and implements an inside information
     policy and procedures. Certain reasonable measures have been taken from time to time to ensure that proper
     safeguards exist to prevent a breach of a disclosure requirement in relation to the Group, which include:

     (1)     The access of information is restricted to a limited number of employees on a need-to-know basis.
             Employees who are in possession of inside information are fully conversant with their obligations to preserve
             confidentiality.

     (2)     Confidentiality agreements or confidentiality clauses are in place when the Group enters into significant
             negotiations.

     (3)     The executive Directors are designated persons who speak on behalf of the Company when communicating
             with external parties such as the media, analysts or investors.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS
     The Board has adopted the terms of reference on corporate governance functions. The terms of reference of the
     Board in respect of corporate governance function are summarised as follows:

     •       to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;

     •       to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
             management;

     •       to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices to ensure compliance with legal and regulatory
             requirements;

     •       to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees
             and Directors; and

     •       to review the Company’s compliance with the Code Provisions and its disclosure requirements in the Corporate
             Governance Report.

     The work performed by the Board on corporate governance functions during the year ended 31 December 2018
     included developing and reviewing the Company’s policies on corporate governance and review the Company’s
     compliance with the Code Provisions.




22         China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                  Corporate Governance Report


COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS
The Company establishes different communication channels with shareholders and investors. Printed copies of the
annual and interim reports and circulars are sent to shareholders. Shareholders are encouraged to attend general
meetings of the Company which allows the Directors to meet and communicate with them.

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of
the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right,
by written requisition to the Board or the secretary of the company, to require a special general meeting to be
called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition.

Any number of shareholders representing not less than one-twentieth of the total voting rights of all the shareholders
of the Company or not less than 100 shareholders can put forward any proposed resolution or the business to
be dealt with at general meetings of the Company by depositing a requisition in writing at the principal office of
the Company. The requisition must be signed by the relevant shareholder(s).

Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns to the Board in writing through the company
secretary of the Company whose contact details are as follows:

Unit 3302, The Centre,
99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong
Email: victor.foo@chinagrandpharm.com

Shareholders may also make enquiries with the Board at the general meetings of the Company.

CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
In 2012, the Company adopted certain amendments on the Bye-laws of the Company in order to bring the Bye- laws
in line with (i) current amendments made to the Listing Rules came into effect on 1 January 2012 and 1 April
2012; and (ii) amendments of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda pursuant to the Companies Amendment (No.
2) Act 2011 in Bermuda which became operative on 18 December 2011. The amended Bye-laws of the Company
is available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018            23
     Environment, Social and Governance Report


     This report is prepared by the Company in accordance with the Environment, Social and Governance Reporting
     Guidelines as set out in Appendix 27 of the Listing Rules. This report covers entities with substantial effect to
     the financial and actual operational process, mainly being the companies and production plants located in Wuhan
     City, Hubei Province, the PRC. Save as otherwise indicated, the data and contents in this report are all in relation
     to the period from 1 January 2018 to 31 December 2018.

     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY AND PERFORMANCE
     Abiding by the rules and regulations as stipulated in Law of Environmental Protection of the People’s Republic of
     China, Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Water Pollution, Law of the People’s
     Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution and Law of the People’s Republic of
     China on the Prevention and Control of Environment Pollution Caused by Solid Wastes, the Group upheld the
     concept of ensuring effective governance of pollutants and compliance with the standards of pollutant emission
     and preventing the occurrence of environmental pollution accidents, and adhered to the corporate environmental
     protection principles of placing environmental friendliness as the first priority, taking precaution as the main
     measure, adopting comprehensive rectification and management, and implementing energy-saving and emission
     reduction in the production process, in order to ensure the Group’s production complying with laws and regulations
     and practically assume our corporate social responsibility. The Group is committed to becoming a pharmaceutical
     enterprise receiving respect from doctors and patients in the PRC. During the year, the Group continued to conduct
     risk management on the environment, health and safety (“EHS”) of its subsidiaries, implement self-inspection and
     rectification on the operation status of environmental protection facilities, with a view to ensuring compliance with
     laws and regulations and promoting sustainable development of the Group.

     (1) Emission

          In response to new standards and requirements on safety and environmental protection, the Group has
          increased its investment in safety and environmental protection, and constantly improved, modified and
          upgraded its safety and environmental protection equipment, in order to ensure compliance with the
          standards of pollutant emission. Each members of the Group has established comprehensive environmental
          management department, and followed the environmental protection requirements to perform environmental
          protection works. EHS trainings were organized to improve the professional skills of management and develop
          a complete environmental protection system.

          The Group attaches great importance to the investment in the environmental protection facilities, and invested
          more than RMB30 million throughout the year to upgrade or modify its environmental protection facilities
          with the aim to reduce the discharge of terminal pollutants and lower the effect to the environment. Certain
          environmental protection projects were commenced and/or completed in 2018 as listed below:


            Name of the member of the Group           Project Description


            Huangshi Fuchi Water Affairs              During the year, Fuchi Water invested approximately RMB10
              Company Limited (“Fuchi Water”)         million to launch the upgrading and reconstruction of wastewater
                                                      treatment plant. According to the Discharge Standard of Pollutants
                                                      for Municipal Wastewater Treatment Plant (GB18918–2002), its
                                                      discharge index was upgraded from the current grade 1B to grade
                                                      1A. After its completion, the effluent from the sewage treatment
                                                      station of the park complied with relevant standards in a stable
                                                      manner, ensuring its normal production operation. The annual
                                                      emissions of carbon dioxide and ammonia nitrogen were reduced
                                                      by approximately 12 tons and 3.6 tons, respectively.




24      China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
               Environment, Social and Governance Report


     Name of the member of the Group         Project Description


     Wuhan Wuyao Pharmaceutical              Wuhan Wuyao invested more than RMB2 million to conduct
      Co., Ltd. (“Wuhan Wuyao”)              overhaul and diversion of the sewage station as well as other
                                             prevention and control measures, with the aim to ensuring normal
                                             operation of the sewage station, eliminating potential safety
                                             hazards during operation and improving on-site environmental
                                             conditions.


     Hubei Grand Fuchi Chemical and          Fuchi Chemical invested more than RMB15 million to build a
       Pharmaceutical Company Limited        biochemical wastewater treatment station, rectify intertidal zones
       (“Fuchi Chemical”)                    along the river, backfill potholes, construct flood control walls
                                             along the river, carry out road greening, repair and widening,
                                             and dismantle a 1,200-square-meter old factory building to build
                                             green belt. In addition, Fuchi Chemical also closed its main
                                             discharge outlet to recycle the wastewater used to wash waste
                                             residues, with annual volume of wastewater used to wash waste
                                             residues decreasing by approximately 3 million tons.


     Beijing Grand Jiuhe Pharmaceutical      In its reconstruction project, Johamu upgraded sewage diversion
       Co., Ltd. (“Jiuhe”)                   system as well as exhaust gas and wastewater treatment
                                             facilities, in order to reduce pollutants in exhaust gas and recycle
                                             treated wastewater.


(2) Use of Resources and Impact on the Environment and Resources

    The resources mainly used by the Group in the production process include water, electricity and coal, etc.
    In accordance with principles and policies, regulations and standards of the national, local and industry
    competent authorities on energy conservation, such as Law of the People’s Republic of China on Energy
    Conservation and Regulations on the Safety Administration of Dangerous Chemicals, the Group has formulated
    an internal management guideline to effectively and reasonably allocate and raise the utilization of energy
    and resources, reduce waste of available energy and resources, and lower our operating cost at the same
    time. Specific measures implemented in 2018 include:

    —    Fuchi Chemical recycled and reused cooling water to reduce usage of tap water and sewage discharge
         by approximately 2.7 million tons;

    —    Four coal-fired boilers and thermal oil furnaces under 10 T/h were closed to reduce usage of equipment
         with low resource utilization as well as pollutant emissions;




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2018           25
     Environment, Social and Governance Report


        —       Hubei Grand Bio-technology Co., Ltd. conducted energy saving reconstruction and technological
                upgrading through replacing tap water with cooling water, saving 6,000 tons of water per month; and

        —       Wuhan Wuyao adjusted its industrial structure to expand production capacity of low-pollution products,
                reducing water consumption by approximately 110,000 tons.

        The summary below are the key performance indicators of 2018 for twelve main members of the Group
        (which contribute over 70% revenue of the Group):


                                                                                                       Approximate
                                    Item                                   Unit                            Quantity

                                                                       Energy Consumption

                                    Electricity                            (kWh per annum)             138,403,000

                                    Coal                                   (tons per annum)                 41,000

                                    Natural Gas                            (square meters per annum)     4,006,000
         Resource usage
                                    Water                                  (tons per annum)              2,852,000

                                    Steam (purchased from other
                                      suppliers)                           (tons per annum)                 51,000

                                    Packing Materials                      (tons per annum)                     273

                                                                           Gas Emissions

                                    Particulates                           (tons per annum)                      48

                                    Nitrogen Oxides                        (tons per annum)                     202

                                    Sulphur Dioxide                        (tons per annum)                     252

                                                                               Sewage

                                    Total Sewage                           (tons per annum)              2,188,000
         Emissions
                                    Chemical Oxygen Demand                 (tons per annum)                     309

                                    Ammonia Nitrogen                       (tons per annum)                      41

                                    Heavy Metal in Sewage                  (tons per annum)                       0

                                                                               Wastes

                                    Hazardous Wastes                       (tons per annum)                     892

                                    Non-hazardous Wastes                   (tons per annum)                     860

        Note:   only listed the statistics of emissions which are applicable to the Group.




26    China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                Environment, Social and Governance Report


EMPLOYMENT AND LABOUR PRACTICES
Sustainable development of talents serves as an important guarantee for the Group’s to accomplish its strategic
objectives. The Group works hard to create a fair and harmonious working environment to build up an enterprise
with competitiveness and growing power. As such, the foundation of talents has been laid for the corporate
sustainable development.

(1) Employee Rights

     The Group has stringently implemented relevant laws and regulations such as the Labor Law of the People’s
     Republic of China, and Labor Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China, and formulated the human
     resources management system to proactively safeguard the legal rights of employees.

     The Group promotes a cultural atmosphere of synergistic cooperation, advocates equality between people,
     and adheres to the principle of fairness and justice. We are against any form of discrimination. We have
     adopted the same starting salary for employees of different gender, complied with the same minimum wage
     standard, forbid any sexual discrimination during the employment and promotion processes, and applied equal
     pay for equal work. The wages of the Group’s almost all existing employees are higher than the minimum
     wage standard of their location, and are in compliance with the local labor rules and policies. The Group will,
     in accordance with requirements of the national law at the time of recruiting employees, stringently examine
     the identities and ages of applicants, and will never employ child labors and forced labor. The Group is not
     aware of any differentiation in salary packages in relation to gender, age and nationality during recruitment
     and examination, selection, employment and deployment of applicants.

     For employee welfares, the Group abides by the local labor rules, pays for statutory benefits for all formal
     staff, and offers leaves as required by the law; it provides holidays and benefits in accordance with
     requirements of the national and local law for all such female employees during the “three periods” (periods
     of pregnancy, maternity and lactation), and allows them to return to the workforce except for those who
     voluntarily render resignation. Male employees are also entitled to paternity leave for each confinement of
     their spouse. Furthermore, the Group has entertainment facilities such as library, badminton courts and
     table-tennis courts. We also organize different activities for enrich the after-work lives of our employees.

(2) Employee Safety

     The designs of manufacturing plants and equipment are following the Measures for Supervision and
     Management of Drug Production and other related laws and regulations in order to provide safe working
     environment with proper equipment, and implements measures for safe working behaviors to safeguard
     occupational health and safety of employees. The Group has set up a safety and environmental protection
     center with qualified safety administrators for daily management on environmental, health and safety, such as
     security and fire management. For the safety design of production plants, the Group will use closed electrical
     equipment in the facilities where produce steams, corrosive gas and dust. In the facilities with explosive gas
     or dust, the Group will use explosion-proof electrical equipment. In the facilities with flammable and explosive
     or toxic gas, the Group implemented flammable or toxic gas leakage alarms with emergency stop settings.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2018            27
     Environment, Social and Governance Report


          In 2018, the Group carried out essential safety reconstruction and upgrading in terms of major hazard
          sources and major risk positions, and invested over RMB10 million to upgrade some production equipment,
          such as automatic feeding of ethylene oxide as well as replacing old liquid ammonia tanks and synthesis
          towers. In addition to daily inspection, special inspections and comprehensive potential risks identification
          work were also carried out in terms of hazardous sources (such as hazardous chemicals storage areas and
          boiler rooms), critical parts (including power distribution rooms, laboratories and warehouses), equipment
          and facilities (including special equipment, electrical equipment, accident emergency pools, pipeline valves,
          cofferdams in tank areas, exhaust gas treatment system and sewage stations) and logistics public areas
          (such as charging areas for electric vehicle, canteens and dormitory buildings). During the year, the Group
          investigated and completed various rectifications on various safety hazards, and formulated 17 rectification
          and prevention measures to eliminate vulnerabilities in safety management, thus providing a strong guarantee
          for on-site essential safety.

     (3) Employee Training

          In recent years, with PRC’s frequent issuance of medical policies and strict market control, fierce market
          competition as well as requirements for mergers and acquisitions and going global, the Group, on the one
          hand, enhanced its professionalism and normalization to consolidate foundation, and on the other hand, was
          committed to cultivating high-level leading talents, high-quality management personnel and highly capable
          professionals. With required knowledge and skills of grassroots employees as its training focus as well
          as upgrading skills as its training goal, Grand Pharmaceutical Vocational and Technical School will provide
          multiple trainings on production, quality, equipment, safety and environment, finance, and HR based on
          various functional requirements. In addition, in order to inherit experience of excellent employees, the Group
          implemented post experience internalization projects to encourage employees to spread experience. During
          the year, 36 courses involving 11 functions were developed to avoid loss of experience on key positions
          and cultivate core professionals. Grand Pharmaceutical Camp (GPC) continued to foster leading talents with
          international thinking and transformation capabilities.

     COMMUNITY
     The Group, whilst creating value for shareholders and wealth for customers, has proactively engaged in public
     service sector. We are concerned about minority groups and difficult public livelihood, and have fully assumed
     our social responsibility by giving full impetus to the progress and harmonious development of the community,
     enterprises and regional economies. During the year, the Group has rectified intertidal zones near Fuchi Industrial
     Park along the Yangtze River, rectified intertidal zones along the Yangtze River, backfilled potholes, constructed
     flood control walls along the river, and carried out road greening, repair and widening work. The Group invested
     over RMB500,000 to establish medical mutual assistance for more than 2,000 retired employees, thus providing
     guarantee for retired employees.

     OPERATION PRACTICE

     (1) Supply Chain Management

          The majority of the Group’s suppliers are located in the PRC. The Group has formulated a series of
          procurement management system and procurement control procedure, and has strictly selected suppliers and
          monitored the procurement process in accordance with the Drug Administration Law of the People’s Republic
          of China and Good Manufacturing Practice. In selecting suppliers, a due diligence check will be performed
          and may visit the production plants if necessary. The samples provided are required to pass the testing
          and trial production before such suppliers could become the Group’s qualified suppliers. Procurement staffs
          have also conducted regular visits to suppliers to maintain close liaison and good cooperation relations
          with them. Meanwhile, the quality notices made by suppliers have been regularly monitored to ensure all of
          the raw materials used by the Group are in compliance with the standard requirements and ready for use.




28     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
               Environment, Social and Governance Report


(2) Product Liability

    The production and sale of the Group’s drugs are conducted in accordance with relevant rules as required in
    the Drug Administration Law of the People’s Republic of China, Regulations for Implementation of the Drug
    Administration Law of the People’s Republic of China, Good Manufacturing Practice and Norm on Production
    and Quality Control of Traditional Chinese Medicine. Most of the drugs produced have been certified by GMP.

    Drug quality correlates with the life safety of patients, and even the lifespan of the enterprise. The Group
    has fully conducted activities for improvement of quality control by urging for high standard and high quality
    of products, reducing product errors during production, so as to lower the risk in terms of product quality
    during production. A system for product return and exchange analysis has been formulated in combination
    with relevant requirements such as Good Supplying Practice, as well as refrigeration, cold storage and
    logistics management of drugs, automatic temperature and humidity monitoring system, as set out in the
    appendices of the above. Furthermore, modern information technology is used in the collection of adverse
    reactions, consultations and complaints of drugs, and the information will be analyzed for the continuous
    improvement of drug quality in order to provide confidence to patients for using products of the Group.

(3) Anti-corruption

    The Group, committed to pursuing operation in good faith, constantly enhances internal control and monitoring
    mechanism within the enterprise, and stringently observes the rule on fair competition. Employees are
    required to strictly comply with provisions in relation to prohibition of commercial bribery acts under the
    Law Against Unfair Competition of the People’s Republic of China, Criminal Law and Companies Ordinances,
    and all of the relevant management rules on integrity and self-discipline as stipulated by the Company. The
    Group is firmly against accepting commercial bribery, committing bribery and receiving gifts arising from other
    improper commercial acts, and establishes a management system and measures on capital management
    to prevent money laundering. The Company will promptly denounce and report to the relevant department
    for suspected personnel.




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018            29
     Report of the Directors


     The Directors are pleased to present their report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of
     the Group for the year ended 31 December 2018.

     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
     The Company is an investment holding company. Details of the principal activities of its principal subsidiaries and
     associates are set out in notes 23 and 19 to the consolidated financial statements respectively.

     BUSINESS REVIEW
     The business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2018 is set out in the section “Management
     Discussion and Analysis” on pages 3 to 9 of this annual report.

     Description of principal risks and uncertainties that may be faced by the Group can be found in the section
     “Management Discussion and Analysis — Principal Risks and Uncertainties” on pages 11 to 12 of this annual
     report.

     An analysis of the Group’s performance during the year using financial key performance indicators is set out in
     the section “Management Discussion and Analysis — Financial Resources and Liquidity” on pages 10 to 11 of
     this annual report. In addition, discussions on the Group’s environmental policies and compliance with relevant
     laws and regulations which may have a significant impact on the Group are set out in the section “Management
     Discussion and Analysis — Environmental Policies” and “Management Discussion and Analysis — Compliance
     with Relevant Laws and Regulations” separately on page 12 of this annual report.

     RESULTS
     The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2018 and the state of affairs of the Group at that
     date are set out on pages 47 to 151.

     DIVIDEND POLICY
     The Company has adopted a dividend policy, in considering the payment of dividends, to allow shareholders of the
     Company to participate in the Company’s profits whilst retaining adequate reserves for future growth of the Group.

     The Board shall consider the following factors before recommending or declaring dividends:

     i.       The Company’s actual and expected financial performance;

     ii.      Retained earnings and distributable reserves of the Company and each of the members of the Group;

     iii.     The Group’s working capital, capital expenditure requirements and future expansion plans;

     iv.      The Group’s liquidity position;

     v.       General economic conditions, business cycle of the Group and other internal or external factors that may
              have an impact on the business or financial performance and position of the Company; and

     vi.      Other factors that the Board deems relevant.

     The payment of dividend is also subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations including the laws of
     Bermuda and the Company’s Bye-laws. The Board will review the dividend policy from time to time and there can
     be no assurance that dividend will be paid in any particular amount for any given period.




30          China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                               Report of the Directors


DIVIDEND
The Board recommends the payment of final dividend of approximately HK$269,600,000 at HK$0.086 per Share
for the year ended 31 December 2018 (2017: Nil). No interim dividend was declared during the year (2017: Nil)

RESERVES
Details of the movements in reserves of the Group and of the Company during the year are set out in the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and note 42 to the consolidated financial statements respectively.

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the movements in share capital of the Company during the year are set out in note 41 to the consolidated
financial statements.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s bye-laws or the laws of Bermuda which would
oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to its existing shareholders.

SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATES
Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries and associates at 31 December 2018 are set out in notes 23 and 19
to the consolidated financial statements respectively.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year are set out in note 16
to the consolidated financial statements.

BANK BORROWINGS
Particulars of bank borrowings of the Group during the year are set out in note 33 to the consolidated financial
statements.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2018           31
     Report of the Directors


     DIRECTORS
     The Directors who held office during the year and up to the date of this report are:

     Executive Directors

     Mr. Liu Chengwei
     Mr. Hu Bo
     Dr. Shao Yan
     Dr. Niu Zhanqi

     Independent Non-executive Directors

     Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie
     Mr. Lo Kai, Lawrence (passed away on 11 May 2018)
     Mr. Hu Yebi (appointed on 31 December 2018)
     Dr. Pei Geng

     Pursuant to bye-law 87(1) and 86(2), Dr. Shao Yan, Dr. Niu Zhanqi, Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie and Mr. Hu Yebi
     will retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
     There is no unexpired service contract which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment
     of compensation other than statutory compensation. Each of the independent non-executive Directors has been
     appointed pursuant to a letter of appointment for a term of one year, which is renewable automatically for
     successive terms of one year after the expiry of the term of appointment, unless terminated by not less than
     three months’ notice in writing served by either party.

     DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
     At no time during the year was the Company or its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors
     or chief executive of the Company to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the
     Company or any other body corporate.

     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
     No transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company
     or its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly,
     subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.

     COMPETING INTEREST
     Save that Mr. Liu Chengwei, the chairman and an executive director, who is a director of China Grand and a
     supervisor of Huadong Medicine and Dr. Niu Zhanqi, an executive director, who is the president of Pharmaceutical
     Management Headquarters of China Grand and a director of Huadong Medicine, and thus may have interest in
     businesses which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group,
     so far as the Directors are aware of, no Directors or the management shareholders of the Company (as defined in
     the Listing Rules) had an interest in a business which competes or may compete with the business of the Group.




32     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                               Report of the Directors


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
For the year ended 31 December 2018, the related party transactions entered by the Group are all disclosed note
43 in the consolidated financial statements and in the section “Continuing Connected Transactions” in the report
of the Directors below, and had complied with the relevant requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
Save as mentioned in these 2 sections, there were no other discloseable non-exempted connected transactions
or non-exempted continuing connected transactions under the Listing Rules. To the extent of the related party
transactions as disclosed in note 43 to the financial statements constituted connected transaction or continuing
connected transaction, the Company had complied with the relevant requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing
Rules during the year.

CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
For the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group has entered the following continuing connected transactions
which are subject to the reporting and announcement requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules:

(1)   On 25 April 2016, Grand Pharm (China) has entered into an agreement (the “Grand Pharm Purchase
      Agreement”) with Baoding Jiufu Biochemical Co., Ltd (the “Baoding Jiufu”). Pursuant to the Grand Pharm
      Purchase Agreement, Grand Pharm (China) or its related companies shall purchase of agricultural antimicrobial
      from Baoding Jiufu or its related companies and the maximum annual amount of products to be purchased
      by the Group from Baoding Jiufu for each of the periods commencing from the date where the terms of the
      Grand Pharm Purchase Agreement become effective until 31 December 2016 and for the two years ending
      31 December 2018 are RMB44.0 million, RMB50.0 million and RMB50.0 million respectively (the “Baoding
      Jiufu Purchase Caps”). In 2018, the transaction amount under Grand Pharm Purchase Agreement is RMB
      953,000.

(2)   On 30 October 2017, Grand Pharm (China) has entered into an agreement (the “Huadong Medicine Supply
      Agreement”) with Huadong Medicine. Pursuant to the Huadong Medicine Supply Agreement, Grand Pharm
      (China) or its related companies shall supply pharmaceutical preparations, raw materials and related services
      to Huadong Medicine or its related companies and the maximum annual amount of products to be sold
      by the Group to Huadong Medicine for each of the periods commencing from the date where the terms of
      the Huadong Medicine Supply Agreement become effective until 31 December 2019 and for the two years
      ending 31 December 2017 are RMB50.0 million, RMB123.0 million and RMB162.0 million respectively
      (the “Huadong Medicine Supply Caps”). In 2018, the transaction amount under Huadong Medicine Supply
      Agreement is approximately RMB85,012,000.

(3)   On 30 October 2017, Grand Pharm (China) has entered into an agreement (the “China Grand Supply
      Agreement”) with China Grand. Pursuant to the China Grand Supply Agreement, Grand Pharm (China) or its
      related companies shall supply pharmaceutical preparations, raw materials and related services to China
      Grand or its related companies and the maximum annual amount of products to be sold by the Group to
      Huadong Medicine for each of the periods commencing from the date where the terms of the China Grand
      Supply Agreement become effective until 31 December 2019 and for the two years ending 31 December 2017
      are RMB13.0 million, RMB17.0 million and RMB23.0 million respectively (the “China Grand Supply Caps”).
      In 2018, the transaction amount under China Grand Supply Agreement is approximately RMB8,909,000.

As Huadong Medicine and Baoding Jiufu are regarded as connected persons of the Company since they are
associates of the China Grand (which is a substantial shareholder of the Company), and the subject matters of
each of the Grand Pharm Purchase Agreement, Huadong Medicine Supply Agreement and China Grand Supply
Agreement (collectively known as “Continuing Connected Transaction Agreements”) are similar in nature, pursuant
to Rule 14A.81 of the Listing Rules the transactions between the Group and each of these companies would be
aggregated. As the aggregated amount of the Baoding Jiufu Purchase Caps, the Huadong Medicine Supply Caps
and the China Grand Supply Caps will exceed HK$10,000,000 per annum, the transactions contemplated under
the Continuing Connected Transaction Agreements are subject to the reporting, announcement and Independent
Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2018           33
     Report of the Directors


     The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed and confirmed that these transactions were entered into:

     (i)      in the ordinary and usual course of the business of the Group;

     (ii)     either on normal commercial terms or, if there are no sufficient comparable transactions to judge whether
              they are on normal commercial terms, on terms no less favourable to the Group than those available to or
              from independent third parties; and

     (iii)    in accordance with the Continuing Connected Transaction Agreements governing them on terms that are fair
              and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.

     The Auditors of the Company have reviewed the continuing connected transactions and confirmed in a letter (the
     “Letter”) to the Board (a copy of which has been provided to the Stock Exchange). The Auditors of the Company
     have:

     (i)      found that the continuing connected transactions have received the approval of the Board of Directors of
              the Company;

     (ii)     obtained the relevant agreements governing each of the continuing connected transactions from management;

     (iii)    found that the prices charged for each of the transactions selected were in accordance with the pricing
              terms set out in the relevant agreements governing such transactions or where the related agreement did
              not clearly specify a price, the prices charged were consistent with the prices charged for comparable
              transactions that were identified by management; and

     (iv)     found that the continuing connected transactions have not exceed the cap amounts disclosed in previous
              announcements dated 25 April 2016 and 30 October 2017 made by the Company in respect of each of
              the continuing connected transactions.




34          China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                                      Report of the Directors


SHARE OPTION SCHEME
During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Company did not adopt any share option scheme and no outstanding
share options.

No share options were granted or exercised under any share option scheme during the year ended 31 December
2018 and 2017 and there were no outstanding share options as at 31 December 2018 and 2017.

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As at 31 December 2018, the Directors and the chief executive of the Company, and their respective associates
had the following interests in the shares and underlying shares of the Company and its associated corporations
(within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which were required to be
notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) pursuant to Divisions
7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they are taken or deemed to have
under such provisions of the SFO) or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in
the register referred to therein or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”):

LONG POSITIONS IN THE SHARES OF THE COMPANY:
                                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                                             percentage of
                                                                                           Number of        the Company’s
                                                                                      ordinary shares         issued share
Name of Director                               Capacity                                          held               capital

Shao Yan                                       Interests in spouse (Note)                 10,939,600                  0.35%

Note:   Dr. Shao Yan, a Director, is the spouse of Ms. Tian Wen Hong who is the holder of the above shares of which 5,000,000
        Shares were entrusted to be held for certain employees of the Group (who do not include any Directors or connected
        persons of the Company). By virtue of the SFO, Dr. Shao Yan shall be deemed to be interested in such 10,939,600 shares.

Apart from the foregoing, none of the Directors and chief executive of the Company or any of their spouses or
children under eighteen years of age has interests or short positions in shares, underlying shares or debentures of
the Company, any of its holding company, subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries, as recorded in the register required
to be kept under section 352 of the SFO or pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors
of Listed Issuers contained in the Listing Rules or required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of the SFO.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2018              35
     Report of the Directors


     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
     The articles of associations of the Company provides that the Directors or other officers of the Company shall be
     entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities incurred or sustained
     by him/her as a Director or other officer of the Company in defending any proceedings, civil or criminal, in which
     judgment is given in his/her favour, or in which he/she is acquitted.

     The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover or other relevant arrangement in respect of potential legal
     actions against its Directors and senior management members as well as directors of the subsidiaries of the Group.

     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
     As at 31 December 2018, the following persons (other than the Directors or chief executive of the Company)
     had an interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which are required to be
     disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
     SFO, or required to be entered in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.

     Long and short positions in the shares of the Company:

                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                                         percentage or
                                                                                                            attributable
                                                         Number of the                                   percentage of
     Name of Shareholders                  Notes      shares interested     Nature of interests        shareholding (%)

     Outwit Investments Limited              1       1,779,649,149 (L)      Beneficial owner                  56.77 (L)
       (“Outwit”)

     Grand (Hongkong) International          1       1,779,649,149 (L)      Interest of controlled            56.77 (L)
       Investments Holdings Limited                                            corporation
       (“Grand Investment”)

     China Grand Enterprises                 1       1,779,649,149 (L)      Interest of controlled            56.77 (L)
       Incorporation (“China Grand”)                                           corporation

     Shanghai China Grand Asset              2         286,039,153 (L)      Beneficial owner/                  9.12 (L)
       Finance Investment Management                                          Interest of controlled
       Co., Limited (“Shanghai Finance”)                                      corporation

     Mr. Hu Kaijun (“Mr. Hu”)              1&2&3     2,106,708,302 (L)      Interest of controlled            67.20 (L)
                                                                               corporation

     Ms. Chau Tung                         1&2&3     2,106,708,302 (L)      Beneficial owner/                 67.20 (L)
                                                                              Interest in spouse




36      China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                         Report of the Directors


                                                                                             Approximate
                                                                                           percentage or
                                                                                              attributable
                                              Number of the                                percentage of
Name of Shareholders               Notes   shares interested   Nature of interests       shareholding (%)

CDH Giant Health I Limited          4      356,648,142 (L)     Beneficial owner                 11.38 (L)
  (“CDH Giant”)                            108,408,000 (S)                                       3.46 (S)

CDH Fund V, L.P.                    4      356,648,142 (L)     Interest of controlled           11.38 (L)
  (“CDH Fund”)                             108,408,000 (S)        corporation                    3.46 (S)

CDH V Holdings Company Limited      4      356,648,142 (L)     Interest of controlled          11.38 (L)
  (“CDH V”)                                108,408,000 (S)        corporation                   3.46 (S)

China Diamond Holdings V Limited    4      356,648,142 (L)     Interest of controlled           11.38 (L)
  (“China Diamond V”)                      108,408,000 (S)        corporation                    3.46 (S)

China Diamond Holdings Company      4      356,648,142 (L)     Interest of controlled           11.38 (L)
  Limited (“China Diamond”)                108,408,000 (S)        corporation                    3.46 (S)

Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A        6      280,363,959 (L)     Interest of controlled            8.94 (L)
  (“Assicurazioni”)                                               corporation

Mr. Li Zhenfu                       7      280,363,959 (L)     Interest of controlled            8.94 (L)
                                                                  corporation

Lion River I N.V.                  5&6     280,363,959 (L)     Interest of controlled            8.94 (L)
                                                                  corporation

GL Capital Management GP L.P.       5      181,069,959 (L)     Interest of controlled            5.78 (L)
  (“GL Management (L.P.)”)                                        corporation

GL Capital Management GP Limited    5      181,069,959 (L)     Interest of controlled            5.78 (L)
  (“GL Management (Limited)”)                                     corporation

GL China Opportunities Fund L.P.    5      181,069,959 (L)     Interest of controlled            5.78 (L)
  (“GL Opportunities”)                                            corporation

GL Partners Capital Management      7      225,639,959 (L)     Interest of controlled            7.20 (L)
  Ltd. (“GL Partners”)                                            corporation

GL SAINO Investment Limited         5      181,069,959 (L)     Beneficial owner                  5.78 (L)
  (“GL Saino”)

(L)   denotes long position
(S)   denotes short position




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2018        37
     Report of the Directors


     Note:

     1.      Outwit is the beneficial owner of 1,626,671,149 Shares, and is the grantor of two put options pursuant to which the
             option holders have the right to sell 108,408,000 and 44,570,000 Shares respectively to Outwit. Grand Investment,
             being wholly-owned by China Grand, held 99.85% equity interests of Outwit, and Ms. Chau Tung, spouse of Mr. Hu,
             held the remaining 0.15% equity interests. Grand Investment and China Grand are therefore deemed to be interested in
             1,779,649,149 Shares pursuant to the SFO.

     2.      Beijing Yuanda Huachuang Investment Co., Ltd. (北京遠大華創投資有限公司), a company wholly owned by Mr Hu, owned
             70% of the equity interests of Shanghai Finance. Shanghai Finance is the beneficial owner of 234,618,950 Shares and
             an aggregate of 20,523,198 Shares will be allotted and issued to Shanghai Finance upon completion of the subscription
             agreements dated 24 May 2018. East Ocean, a wholly owned subsidiary of Shanghai Finance, also holds 30,897,005
             Shares. Shanghai Finance is therefore deemed to be interested in 286,039,153 Shares pursuant to the SFO.

     3.      China Grand is controlled and ultimately and beneficially owned by Mr. Hu. Ms. Chau Tung, spouse of Mr. Hu, is also
             the beneficial owner of 41,020,000 Shares. Mr. Hu and Ms. Chau Tung are therefore deemed to be interested in
             2,106,708,302 Shares pursuant to the SFO.

     4.      CDH Giant is the beneficial owner of 356,648,142 Shares and also the beneficial owner of a put option granted by
             Outwit pursuant to which the CDH Giant has the right to sell 108,408,000 Shares to Outwit. CDH Giant is wholly-owned
             by CDH Fund, and pursuant to the SFO CDH Fund is therefore deemed to be interested in the 356,648,142 Shares and
             also held a short position of 108,408,000 Shares as stated above. CDH Fund is controlled by CDH V, which in turn held
             as to 80% by China Diamond V. China Diamond V is in held as to 100% by China Diamond.

     5.      GL Healthcare Investment LP (“GL Healthcare”) is the beneficial owner of 44,570,000 Shares. GL Healthcare is a limited
             partnership incorporated in Canada. The general partner of GL Healthcare is GL Capital Management GP II B.C. 2 Ltd.,
             which is wholly-owned by GL Management (Limited). GL Management (Limited) is in turn held as to 49% by Lion River I
             N.V. Pursuant to the SFO these companies are therefore deemed to be interested in the 44,570,000 Shares.

             GL China Long Equity Opportunities Fund SPV LP (“GL Long Equity (SPV)”) is the beneficial owner of 54,724,000 Shares.
             GL Long Equity (SPV) is a limited partnership incorporated in Canada. Lion River I N.V. owns 94.47% interests in GL
             China Long Equity Opportunities Fund LP., which in turn owns 80.13% interests in GL Long Equity (SPV). Pursuant to the
             SFO these companies are therefore deemed to be interested in the 54,724,000 Shares.

             Pursuant to an acquisition agreement dated 24 May 2018 entered into between, among others, GL Saino as vendor and
             the Company as purchaser in relation to the acquisition of 100% of the issued shares of Taiwan Tung Yang International
             Company Limited, part of the consideration will be settled by the allotment and issue of 181,069,959 Shares to GL
             Saino. GL Saino is wholly-owned by GL Opportunities. The general partner of GL Opportunities is GL Management (L.P.)
             and is in turn wholly-owned by GL Management (Limited). GL Management (Limited) is held as to 49% by Lion River I N.V.
             Pursuant to the SFO these companies are therefore deemed to be interested in the 181,069,959 Shares.

     6.      As stated above, Lion River I N.V. is deemed to be interested in an aggregate of 280,363,959 Shares. Lion River I N.V. is
             wholly-owned by Assicurazioni. Pursuant to the SFO Assicurazioni is therefore deemed to be interested in the 280,363,959
             Shares.

     7.      Mr. Li Zhenfu owns 70% interests in GL Partners, which in turn owns 51% interests in GL Management (Limited). As
             stated above, GL Management (Limited) is indirectly interested in 225,639,959 Shares, and pursuant to the SFO. Mr.
             Li Zhenfu is therefore deemed to be interested in the 225,639,959 Shares. Mr. Li Zhenfu also wholly-owns GL China
             Opportunities Carry GP Limited, which in turn wholly-owns GL Capital Management Long Equity Opportunities GP B.C. 1
             Ltd. GL Capital Management Long Equity Opportunities GP B.C. 1 Ltd. is the general partner of GL Long Equity (SPV),
             which is the beneficial owner of 54,724,000 Shares. Pursuant to the SFO Mr. Li Zhenfu is therefore also deemed to be
             interested in the 54,724,000 Shares and in aggregate, 280,363,959 Shares.




38        China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                               Report of the Directors


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2018, the Directors or chief executive of the Company were not
aware of any other person (other than the Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or
short position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company
under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or, who is, directly or indirectly, interested in
5% or more of the nominal value of any class of share capital carrying rights to vote in all circumstances at
general meetings of any other members of the Group, or any other substantial shareholders whose interests or
short positions were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business
of the Company was entered into or existed during the year.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
For the year ended 31 December 2018, the five largest customers of the Group accounted for less than 30% of
the Group’s total revenue while the five largest suppliers accounted for less than 30% the Group’s total purchases.

The information in respect of the Group’s revenue and purchases attributable to the major customers and suppliers
respectively during the year ended 31 December 2018 is as follows:

                                                                              Percentage of the Group’s total
                                                                                     revenue        purchases

The largest customer                                                                    1.3%                N/A
The five largest customers in aggregate                                                 5.2%                N/A
The largest supplier                                                                     N/A               5.1%
The five largest suppliers in aggregate                                                  N/A              11.7%

So far as the Board are aware, neither the Directors, their close associates nor any shareholders of the Company
(which to the knowledge of the Directors own more than 5% of the Company’s share capital) had any beneficial
interest in these major customers and suppliers.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SHARES
Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of
the Company’s listed securities during the year ended 31 December 2018.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, the
Company has maintained a sufficient public float as required under the Listing Rules during the year ended
31 December 2018 and as at the latest practicable date prior to the issue of this annual report.

TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION
The Company is not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to shareholders by reason of their holding
of the Company’s securities.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2018           39
     Report of the Directors


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
     Principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the Corporate Governance Report
     on pages 18 to 23.

     AUDITORS
     The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018 have been audited by HLB Hodgson
     Impey Cheng Limited which shall retire and, being eligible, offer itself for re-appointment at the forthcoming annual
     general meeting. A resolution to re-appoint HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited and to authorize the Board of
     Directors to fix its remuneration will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

     On behalf of the Board




     Liu Chengwei
     Chairman

     Hong Kong, 26 March 2019




40      China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                  Independent Auditors’ Report


                                                                                              31/F Gloucester Tower
                                                                                              The Landmark
                                                                                              11 Pedder Street
                                                                                              Central
                                                                                              Hong Kong

TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
CHINA GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL AND HEALTHCARE HOLDINGS LIMITED
(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings
Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 47 to 151,
which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2018, and the consolidated
statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity
and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at 31 December 2018, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (the “HKFRSs”) issued
by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in
compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the “Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit
of the Consolidated Financial Statements” section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance
with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

MATERIAL UNCERTAINTY RELATED TO GOING CONCERN
We draw attention to note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, which indicates that as at 31 December
2018, the Group’s current liabilities exceeded its current assets by approximately HK$1,537,796,000. As stated
in note 3, these events or conditions, along with other matters as set forth in note 3, indicate that a material
uncertainty exist that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. Our opinion
is not modified in respect of this matter.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018            41
     Independent Auditors’ Report


     KEY AUDIT MATTERS
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit
     of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
     our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
     not provide a separate opinion on these matters. In addition to the matter described in the “Material uncertainty
     related to going concern” section, we have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters
     to be communicated in our report.

     Key audit matters                                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter

     Impairment assessment of pharmaceutical business
     Refer to notes 22 and 24 to the consolidated financial statements

     The Group has goodwill and intangible assets of           Our procedures in relation to management’s impairment
     approximately HK$487,848,000 and HK$815,998,000           assessment included:
     respectively relating to the manufacture and sales of
     pharmaceutical preparations and medical devices, bio-     •    Evaluation of the independent valuer’s competence,
     technology products and nutrition products, specialised        capabilities and objectivity;
     pharmaceutical raw materials and other products, in
     the People’s Republic of China as at 31 December          •    Assessing the methodologies used and the
     2018. Management performed impairment assessment               appropriateness of the key assumptions based on
     of pharmaceutical business and concluded that no               our knowledge of the pharmaceutical business and
     impairment is necessary to provide. This conclusion was        using our valuation experts;
     based on value-in-use model that required significant
     management judgement with respect to the discount         •    Challenging the reasonableness of key assumptions
     rate and the underlying cashflows, in particular future        based on our knowledge of the business and
     revenue growth and capital expenditure. Independent            industry; and
     external valuation were obtained in order to support
     management’s estimates.                                   •    Checking, on sampling basis, the accounting and
                                                                    relevance of the input data used.

                                                               We found the key assumptions were supported by the
                                                               available evidence.




42      China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                   Independent Auditors’ Report


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Key audit matters                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Impairment assessment of trade and other receivables
Refer to note 29 to the consolidated financial statements

As at 31 December 2018, the Group had gross                 Our procedures in relation to management’s impairment
trade and other receivables of approximately                assessment of the trade and other receivables as at
HK$1,086,998,000   (2017:   HK$1,083,533,000)               31 December 2018 included:
and provision for impairment of approximately
HK$80,695,000 (2017: HK$78,968,000).                        •    Understanding and evaluating the key controls
                                                                 that the Group has implemented to manage and
In general, the credit terms granted by the Group to             monitor its credit risk, and validating the control
the customers ranged between 30 to 180 days (2017:               effectiveness on a sample basis;
30 to 180 days). Management applied judgement in
assessing the expected credit losses (“ECL”). Trade         •    Checking, on a sample basis, the ageing profile of
and other receivables relating to customers with known           the trade receivables as at 31 December 2018 to
financial difficulties or significant doubt on collection        the underlying financial records and post year-end
of trade receivables are assessed individually for               settlements to bank receipts;
provision for impairment allowance. ECL are also
estimated by grouping the remaining trade receivables       •    Inquiring of management for the status of each
based on shared credit risk characteristics and                  of the material trade and other receivables past
collectively assessed for likelihood of recovery, taking         due as at year end and corroborating explanations
into account the nature of the customer, its business            from management with supporting evidence, such
and its ageing category, and applying expected credit            as performing public search of credit profile of
loss rates to the respective gross carrying amounts of           selected    customers,    understanding   on-going
the trade receivables. The ECL rates are determined              business relationship with the customers based on
based on the Group’s historical default rates taking             trade records, checking historical and subsequent
into consideration forward-looking information that is           settlement records of and other correspondence
reasonable and supportable available without undue               with the customers; and
costs or effort. At every reporting date, the historical
observed default rates are reassessed and changes           •    Assessing the appropriateness of the expected
in the forward-looking information are considered. In            credit loss provisioning methodology, examining the
addition, trade receivables with significant balances            key data inputs on a sample basis to assess their
and credit impaired are assessed for ECL individually.           accuracy and completeness, and challenging the
                                                                 assumptions, including both historical and forward-
We focused on this area due to the impairment                    looking information, used to determine the expected
assessment of trade receivables under the expected               credit losses.
credit losses model involved the use of significant
management judgements and estimates.                        We found that the management judgment and estimates
                                                            used to assess the recoverability of the trade receivables
                                                            and determine the impairment provision to be supportable
                                                            by available evidence.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018            43
     Independent Auditors’ Report


     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
     Key audit matters                                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter

     Interest in associates
     Refer to note 19 to the consolidated financial statements

     The Group has 49% interest in Grand Pharma Sphere         Our procedures in relation to the i) the audit work
     Private Limited (“Grand Pharma Sphere”) and 55%           performed by associate’s auditors; and ii) management’s
     interest in Shanghai Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical          impairment assessment of interest in associates included:
     Company Limited (“Xudong Haipu”) are accounted for
     under equity method.                                      i)    The audit work performed by associate’s auditors:

     The Group’s share of the loss Grand Pharma Sphere               Sirtex Medical Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary
     was approximately HK$20,230,000 and share the                   of Grand Pharma Sphere and is audited by non-
     profit of Xudong Haipu was HK$93,293,000 for the                HLB auditors (“the Sirtex Auditors”). We have met
     year ended 31 December 2018.                                    with the Sirtex Auditors and discussed their audit
                                                                     approach; result of their work and have reviewed
     As at 31 December 2018, the Group share the                     their working papers.
     net assets of Grand Pharma Sphere and Xudong
     Haipu were approximately HK$2,890,119,000 and             ii)   Management’s impairment assessment of interest
     HK$737,840,000 respectively.                                    in associates included:

     Management determines at the end of each reporting              •     Evaluation of the Group’s independent valuers’
     period the existence of any objective evidence through                assessments as to whether any indication
     which the Group’s interest in an associate may be                     of impairment exist by reference to the
     impaired. The assessment of indicators of impairment                  available information in the relevant market
     and where such indicators exist and the determination                 and industries;
     of the recoverable amounts requires significant
     judgement.                                                      •     Assessing the methodologies used and the
                                                                           appropriateness of the key assumptions
                                                                           based on our knowledge; and

                                                                     •     Checking, on a sample basis, the accuracy
                                                                           and relevance of information included in
                                                                           the impairment assessment of interest in
                                                                           associates.

                                                               We found the key assumption were supported by the
                                                               available evidence

     OTHER INFORMATION
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
     information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our
     auditors’ report thereon (“Other Information”).

     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the Other Information and we do not express
     any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the Other
     Information and, in doing so, consider whether the Other Information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
     financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If,
     based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this Other Information,
     we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


44      China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                 Independent Auditors’ Report


RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation
of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. In
preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or
have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that
includes our opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Bermuda
Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but
is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis
of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
     due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
     evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a
     material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
     collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
     are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
     of the Group’s internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
     and related disclosures made by the directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
     on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
     may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
     material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors’ report to the related disclosures
     in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
     conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors’ report. However, future
     events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018            45
     Independent Auditors’ Report


     AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS (Continued)
     •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
           the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions
           and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
           activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
           for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
           opinion.

     We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
     the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
     during our audit.

     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
     regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
     be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

     From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
     significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
     key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes public
     disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not
     be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
     outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

     The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditors’ report is Shek Lui.




     HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
     Certified Public Accountants

     Shek Lui
     Practising Certificate Number: P05895

     Hong Kong, 26 March 2019




46       China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
  Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2018




                                                                                      2018               2017
                                                                    Notes          HK$’000            HK$’000

Revenue                                                              7           5,958,355          4,770,850
Cost of sales                                                                   (2,796,841)        (2,291,353)

Gross profit                                                                     3,161,514          2,479,497

Other revenue and income                                             8             196,119            135,346
Distribution costs                                                              (1,759,869)        (1,325,289)
Administrative expenses                                                           (563,577)          (541,256)
Other operating expenses                                              9            (16,171)           (13,141)
Share of results of associates                                       19             69,179             (1,791)
Finance costs                                                        10           (203,296)          (174,427)

Profit before tax                                                                  883,899            558,939
Income tax expense                                                   11           (147,460)           (73,181)

Profit for the year                                                  12            736,439            485,758

Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of income tax

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Fair value gain on investment in equity instruments at fair value
   through other comprehensive income                                                   862                  –
Share of other comprehensive income of associates                                     2,598                497

Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange difference on translating foreign operations                             (153,816)           151,750

Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year,
  net of income tax                                                               (150,356)           152,247

Total comprehensive income for the year, net of income tax                         586,083            638,005

Profit for the year attributable to:
  – Owners of the Company                                                          712,667            460,811
  – Non-controlling interests                                                       23,772             24,947

                                                                                   736,439            485,758

Total comprehensive income attributable to:
  – Owners of the Company                                                          561,693            567,040
  – Non-controlling interests                                                       24,390             70,965

                                                                                   586,083            638,005

Earnings per share                                                                                   (Restated)

  Basic (HK cents)                                                   14               27.74              20.54

  Diluted (HK cents)                                                 14               26.50              19.63


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2018           47
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     As at 31 December 2018




                                                                                  2018          2017
                                                                     Notes     HK$’000       HK$’000

     Non-current assets
       Property, plant and equipment                                  16      2,876,443    2,891,785
       Investment properties                                          17         74,228       64,773
       Prepaid lease payments                                         18        267,953      287,803
       Interests in associates                                        19      5,309,989      273,522
       Available-for-sale financial assets                            20              –      100,898
       Equity instruments at fair value
          through other comprehensive income                          31        96,526             –
       Deposits for acquisition of non-current assets                 21        39,491        41,653
       Goodwill                                                       22       487,848       511,539
       Intangible assets                                              24       815,998       875,718
       Deferred tax assets                                            25        14,290         1,243
       Prepayments                                                    26        84,841        66,426

                                                                             10,067,607    5,115,360

     Current assets
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          27         45,605       18,011
       Inventories                                                    28        770,329      762,933
       Trade and other receivables                                    29      1,609,311    1,485,925
       Amounts due from related companies                             35         10,832        5,400
       Prepaid lease payments                                         18          7,216        8,771
       Pledged bank deposits                                          30         73,515       25,549
       Cash and cash equivalents                                      30        912,244      640,842

                                                                              3,429,052    2,947,431

     Current liabilities
       Trade and other payables                                       32      2,342,539    1,665,838
       Contract liabilities                                           32        156,432            –
       Bank and other borrowings                                      33      1,967,352    2,165,957
       Convertible bonds                                              36        284,725            –
       Obligations under finance leases                               34         54,097       56,090
       Amounts due to related companies                               35         10,529       18,173
       Amount due to immediate holding company                        39         17,603       23,368
       Income tax payable                                                       133,571       77,339

                                                                              4,966,848    4,006,765

     Net current liabilities                                                 (1,537,796)   (1,059,334)

     Total assets less current liabilities                                    8,529,811    4,056,026




48      China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
               Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                         As at 31 December 2018




                                                                                      2018               2017
                                                                   Notes           HK$’000            HK$’000

Non-current liabilities
  Bank and other borrowings                                          33            187,486            278,212
  Convertible bonds                                                  36                  –            293,958
  Bond payables                                                      37            113,562            119,474
  Deferred tax liabilities                                           38            179,012            195,582
  Deferred income                                                    40            595,894            632,253
  Obligations under finance leases                                   34             19,230             76,946

                                                                                 1,095,184          1,596,425

Net assets                                                                       7,434,627          2,459,601

Capital and reserves attributable
  to owners of the Company
  Share capital                                                      41             31,348             22,370
  Reserves                                                                       7,159,611          2,211,516

Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                     7,190,959          2,233,886

Non-controlling interests                                                          243,668            225,715

Total equity                                                                     7,434,627          2,459,601


The consolidated financial statements on pages 47 to 151 were approved and authorised for issue by the board
of directors of the Company on 26 March 2019 and are signed on its behalf by:




                     Liu Chengwei                                            Shao Yan
                        Director                                              Director

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2018           49
     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
     For the year ended 31 December 2018




                                                                                                             Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                                           Total equity
                                                                                                                                                                                           attributable
                                                                                  Contribution                   Safety                              Convertible                             to owners          Non-
                                                            Share        Share        Surplus    Statutory         fund   Translation        Other        bonds     FVTOCI     Retained          of the   controlling
                                                           capital    premium         reserve      reserve      reserve       reserve      reserve      reserve     reserve      profits      Company      interests        Total
                                                  Notes   HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000
                                                                                                  (Note a)     (Note b)                   (Note c)     (Note d)


     At 1 January 2017                                     22,370     660,537        121,273     136,238        22,328       (96,885)     (57,089)      72,577            –    821,085      1,702,434       273,653     1,976,087


     Profit for the year                                         –           –              –           –             –            –            –             –           –    460,811        460,811        24,947      485,758
     Other comprehensive income for the
        year, net of income tax:
     Exchange difference on translation
        of foreign operations                                    –           –              –           –             –     106,229             –             –           –           –       106,229        46,018      152,247


     Total comprehensive income for the year                     –           –              –           –             –     106,229             –             –           –    460,811        567,040        70,965      638,005
     Acquisition of additional interest
        in subsidiaries                                          –           –              –           –             –            –      (44,441)            –           –           –        (44,441)    (120,629)     (165,070)
     Partial disposal of interest
        in a subsidiary                                          –           –              –          –              –            –        8,853             –           –           –          8,853         5,832      14,685
     Dividend paid to non-controlling interests                  –           –              –          –              –            –            –             –           –           –              –        (4,106)     (4,106)
     Transfer                                                    –           –              –     64,723          3,331            –            –             –           –     (68,054)             –             –           –


     At 31 December 2017                                   22,370     660,537        121,273     200,961        25,659         9,344      (92,677)      72,577            –   1,213,842     2,233,886       225,715     2,459,601


     Impact of adopting HKFRS 9                                  –           –              –           –             –            –            –             –           –        865             865          570         1,435

     As at 1 January 2018 (restated)                       22,370     660,537        121,273     200,961        25,659         9,344      (92,677)      72,577            –   1,214,707     2,234,751       226,285     2,461,036


     Profit for the year                                         –           –              –           –             –            –            –             –           –    712,667        712,667        23,772      736,439
     Other comprehensive loss for the year,
        net of income tax:
     Change in fair value of FATOCI                              –           –              –           –             –            –            –             –        862            –            862             –         862
     Share of other comprehensive income
        of associates                                            –           –              –           –             –        2,597            –             –           –           –          2,597             1        2,598
     Exchange difference on translation
        of foreign operations                                    –           –              –           –             –     (153,863)           –             –           –           –      (153,863)            47     (153,816)


     Total comprehensive income for the year                     –           –              –           –             –     (151,266)           –             –        862     712,667        562,263        23,820      586,083
     Convertible bond converted into shares
        during the year                                       222       33,908              –           –             –            –            –        (6,598)          –           –        27,532              –       27,532
     Rights issue                                           3,941    2,045,619              –           –             –            –            –             –           –           –     2,049,560              –    2,049,560
     Placing and subscription                               4,815    2,314,023              –           –             –            –            –             –           –           –     2,318,838              –    2,318,838
     Issuance costs relating to rights issues
        and placing                                              –      (1,985)             –          –              –            –            –             –           –           –         (1,985)            –       (1,985)
     Dividend paid to non-controlling interests                  –           –              –          –              –            –            –             –           –           –              –        (6,437)      (6,437)
     Transfer                                                    –           –              –     72,204          3,166            –            –             –           –     (75,370)             –             –            –


     At 31 December 2018                                   31,348    5,052,102       121,273     273,165        28,825      (141,922)     (92,677)      65,979         862    1,852,004     7,190,959       243,668     7,434,627



     Notes:

     a.          Each of the Company’s the PRC subsidiary’s Articles of association requires the appropriation of 10% of its profit after
                 tax determined under the relevant accounting principles and financial regulations applicable to companies established
                 in the PRC each year to the statutory reserve until the balance reaches 50% of the share capital. The statutory reserve
                 shall only be used for making up losses, capitalisation into share capital and expansion of the production and operation.

     b.          According to document (Cai Qi [2006] No.478), entities involved in mining, construction, production of dangerous goods
                 and land transport are required to transfer an amount at fixed rates on production volume or operating revenue as safety
                 fund reserve. The safety fund is for future enhancement of safety production environment and improvement of facilities
                 and is not available for distribution to shareholders.

     c.          Other reserve represents the difference between the consideration paid to non-controlling interests for acquisition of
                 additional equity interest in a subsidiary without the overall change in the control in that subsidiary and the carrying
                 amount of share of net assets being acquired.

     d.          The amount represented the equity component of the convertible bonds issued in prior years.

     The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

50         China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                            Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2018




                                                                                 2018               2017
                                                               Notes          HK$’000            HK$’000

Operating activities
Profit before tax                                                             883,899            558,939
Adjustments for:
  Amortisation of intangible assets                             24             16,171             13,141
  Amortisation of prepaid lease payments                        18              7,096              8,571
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                 16            220,144            230,122
  Finance costs                                                 10            203,296            174,427
  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment             12              3,377              3,858
  Write-off of property, plant and equipment                    16                 39              2,813
  Reversal of impairment loss on inventories                    28             (1,946)              (827)
  Impairment loss on inventories                                                    –                112
  Impairment loss on trade and other receivables                12             11,110             35,213
  Interest income                                                8            (11,917)            (3,515)
  Reversal of impairment loss on trade and other receivables     8            (10,498)           (19,776)
  Written off on trade and other receivables                    29                  –               (838)
  Reversal of expected credit loss                               8             (2,440)                 –
  Share of results of associates                                19            (69,179)             1,791
  Gain on sales and lease back transaction, net                  8            (28,717)           (23,346)
  Net gain in fair value of investment properties               17            (13,342)           (15,226)
  Gains on disposal of associates                                                   –                (22)
  Investment income                                             8              (2,952)              (112)

Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                    1,204,141            965,325
  Decrease in inventories                                                     (46,982)           (77,982)
  Increase in trade and other receivables                                    (216,717)          (131,048)
  Increase in trade and other payables                                        574,826             38,742
  Increase in amounts due from related companies                               (5,712)            (5,184)
  Decrease in amounts due to related companies                                 (6,976)            (4,855)

Net cash generated from operations                                          1,502,580            784,998
  Income tax paid                                                             (94,277)           (65,274)

Net cash generated from operating activities                                1,408,303            719,724

Investing activities
  Purchase of property, plant and equipment                     16           (372,858)          (294,369)
  Purchase of intangible asset                                  24             (1,304)           (34,610)
  Acquisition of prepaid lease payment                          18             (3,164)                 –
  (Increase)/decrease in pledged bank deposits                                (49,292)            17,791
  Increase in non-current prepayments                                         (21,862)           (10,728)
  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                         150              1,806
  Interest income received                                                     11,917              3,515
  Investment income                                                             2,952                112
  Net cash inflow from deregistration of an associate                               –              2,302
  Net cash inflow from disposal of an associate                                     –                346
  Net cash inflow from partial disposal of a subsidiary                             –             14,685
  Net cash outflow from acquisition of additional interest
     in subsidiaries                                                                –              (7,162)
  Net cash outflow from acquisition of associates                          (3,621,568)                  –

Net cash used in investing activities                                      (4,055,029)          (306,312)



                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2018           51
     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     For the year ended 31 December 2018




                                                                                           2018         2017
                                                                        Notes           HK$’000      HK$’000

     Financing activities
       Proceed from issue of equity, net                                              3,426,660            –
       Proceed from sales and lease back transaction                                          –       23,056
       Purchase of financial assets at fair value
          through profit or loss                                                        (47,476)       (5,764)
       Proceed of financial assets at fair value
          through profit or loss                                                         17,777             –
       Repayments of bank and other borrowings                                       (2,165,686)   (1,801,587)
       Repayments of obligations under finance leases                                   (54,972)      (50,150)
       Interest paid                                                                   (178,424)     (149,885)
       Proceed from new bank and other borrowings                                     1,976,448     1,702,206
       Repayment to immediate holding company                                            (6,020)         (313)
       Dividend paid to non-controlling interest                                         (6,437)       (4,106)

     Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                           2,961,870     (286,543)

     Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                          315,144      126,869

     Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year                                 640,842      484,418
       Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                          (43,742)      29,555

     Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year
       Cash and cash equivalents                                                        912,244      640,842


     The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




52     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2018




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION
     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited (the “Company”) is incorporated in Bermuda
     on 18 October 1995 as an exempted company under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda with its shares
     listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) since 19 December 1995. The
     addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in “Corporate
     information” section of the annual report.

     The Company and its subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Group”) are principally engaged
     in the manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical preparations and medical devices, bio-technology products
     and nutrition products, specialised pharmaceutical raw materials and other products, in the People’s Republic
     of China (the “PRC”).

     The directors consider that Outwit Investments Limited (“Outwit”) is the parent company of the Company
     and China Grand Enterprises Incorporation is the ultimate holding company of the Company.

     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), which is the same as
     functional currency of the Company, and the functional currency of the most of the subsidiaries in Renminbi
     (“RMB”). The board of directors considered that it is more appropriate to present the consolidated financial
     statements in HK$ as the shares of the Company are listed on the Stock Exchange. The consolidated
     financial statements are presented in thousands of units of HK$ (HK$’000), unless otherwise stated.

2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND REVISED HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING
     STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”)

     Application of new and revised HKFRSs – effective on 1 January 2018

     In the current year, the Group has applied, for the first time, the following new and revised standards,
     amendments and interpretations (collectively referred to as the “new and revised HKFRSs”) issued by the
     Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”), which are effective for the Group’s
     financial year beginning from 1 January 2018. A summary of the new and revised HKFRSs applied by the
     Group is set out as follows:

     HKAS 28 (Amendments)           As part of the Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2014–2016 Cycle
     HKAS 40 (Amendments)           Transfers of Investment Property
     HKFRS 2 (Amendments)           Classification and Measurement of Share-based Payment Transactions
     HKFRS 4 (Amendments)           Applying HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments with HKFRS 4 Insurance Contracts
     HKFRS 9                        Financial Instruments
     HKFRS 15                       Revenue from Contracts with Customers and the related Amendments
     HK(IFRIC)-Int 22               Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance Consideration

     Except as described below, the application of the New and Amendments to HKFRSs in the current year has
     had no material impact on the Group’s financial performance and positions for the current and prior periods
     and/or on the disclosures set out in the Consolidated Financial Statements.

     The above new HKFRSs have been applied in accordance with the relevant transition provisions in the
     respective standards and amendments which results in changes in accounting policies, amounts reported
     and/or disclosures as described below.




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018            53
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2018




     2.     APPLICATION OF NEW AND REVISED HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING
            STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”) (Continued)

            Application of new and revised HKFRSs – effective on 1 January 2018 (Continued)

            Impact on the consolidated financial statements

            The following tables show the adjustments recognised for each individual line item. Line items that were not
            affected by the changes have not been included. As a result, the sub-totals and totals disclosed cannot be
            recalculated from the numbers provided. The adjustments are explained in more detail by standard below.

            Consolidated statement of                   31 December                                           1 January
            financial position (extract)                       2017          HKFRS 9        HKFRS 15              2018
                                                            HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000

            Non-current assets
            Available-for-sale financial assets               100,898         (100,898)                –              –
            Equity instruments at fair value through
              other comprehensive income                            –         100,898                  –       100,898
            Deferred tax assets                                 1,243          11,331                  –        11,331

            Current assets
            Trade and other receivables                     1,485,925           (9,896)                –     1,476,029

            Current liabilities
            Trade and other payables                        1,665,838                 –         (94,981)     1,570,857
            Contract liabilities                                    –                 –          94,981         94,981

            Net current liabilities                        (1,059,334)           1,435                 –    (1,057,899)
            Net assets                                      2,459,601            1,435                 –     2,461,036

            Capital and reserves
            Reserves                                        2,211,516              865                 –     2,212,381
            Non-controlling interests                         225,715              570                 –       226,285

            Total equity                                    2,459,601            1,435                 –     2,461,036

            HKFRS 9 Financial instruments

            In the current year, the Group has applied HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments and the related consequential
            amendments to other HKFRSs. HKFRS 9 introduces new requirements for (1) the classification and
            measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities, (2) expected credit losses (“ECL”) for financial
            assets and (3) general hedge accounting.

            The Group has applied HKFRS 9 in accordance with the transition provisions set out in HKFRS 9, i.e. applied
            the classification and measurement requirements (including impairment under ECL model) retrospectively
            to instruments that have not been derecognised at 1st January 2018 (date of initial application) and has
            not applied the requirements to instruments that have already been derecognised at 1st January 2018.
            The difference between carrying amounts at 31st December 2017 and the carrying amounts at 1st January
            2018 are recognised in the opening retained earnings and other components of equity, without restating
            comparative information.

            Accordingly, certain comparative information may not be comparable as comparative information was prepared
            under HKAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement.



54        China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2018




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND REVISED HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING
     STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”) (Continued)

     Application of new and revised HKFRSs – effective on 1 January 2018 (Continued)

     HKFRS 9 Financial instruments (Continued)

     Summary of effects arising from initial application of HKFRS 9

     Below illustrates the classification and measurement (including impairment) of financial assets and financial
     liabilities and other items subject to ECL under HKFRS 9 and HKAS 39 at the date of initial application,
     1 January 2018.

     Under the transition methods chosen, the Group recognises the cumulative effect of the initial application of
     HKFRS 9 as an adjustment to the opening balance of equity at 1 January 2018. Comparative information is
     not restated. The following table gives a summary of the opening balance adjustments recognised for each
     line item in the consolidated statement of financial position that has been affected by HKFRS 9.

     (i)   Classification and measurement

                                                                      HKAS 39                                     HKFRS 9
                                                                        carrying                                    carrying
                                                                amounts at 31st                              amounts at 1st
                                                                 December 2017         Reclassification       January 2018
                                                                       HK$’000               HK$’000               HK$’000

           Financial assets at FVTOCI
           Unlisted equity securities (note)                                      –            100,898               100,898

           Financial assets classified as AFS
             financial assets under HKAS 39
           Unlisted equity securities (note)                             100,898              (100,898)                      –


           Notes:

           Available-for-sale (“AFS”) investments

           From AFS equity investments to fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”) The Group elected to
           present in OCI for the fair value changes of all its equity investments previously classified as available-for-sale.
           These investments are not held for trading and not expected to be sold in the foreseeable future. At the date
           of initial application of HKFRS 9, HK$100,898,000 were reclassified from available-for-sale investments to equity
           instruments at FVTOCI, of which HK$100,898,000 related to unquoted equity investments previously measured
           at cost less impairment under HKAS 39. The fair value gains of HK$862,000 during the year relating to those
           investments previously carried at fair value was recognised in FVTOCI reserve.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2018               55
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2018




     2.     APPLICATION OF NEW AND REVISED HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING
            STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”) (Continued)

            Application of new and revised HKFRSs – effective on 1 January 2018 (Continued)

            HKFRS 9 Financial instruments (Continued)

            Summary of effects arising from initial application of HKFRS 9 (Continued)

            (ii)   Impairment under ECL model

                   The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measure ECL which uses a lifetime ECL for
                   all trade receivables. Except for those which had been determined as credit impaired under HKAS 39,
                   the remaining balances are grouped based on past due analysis. The Group has therefore estimated
                   the expected loss rates for the trade receivables on the same basis.

                   Except for those which had been determined as credit impaired under HKAS 39, ECL for other financial
                   assets at amortised cost, including other receivables, pledged deposits and bank balances, are
                   assessed on 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) basis as there had been no significant increase in credit
                   risk since initial recognition,which are assessed and measured on lifetime ECL basis as those credit
                   risk had increased significantly since initial recognition.

                                                                 Trade and other       Deferred tax
                                                                      receivables            assets              Total
                                                                        HK$’000           HK$’000             HK$’000

                   At 31 December 2017 – HKAS 39                       1,485,925              1,243         1,487,168
                   Amounts re-measured through
                     – opening retained earnings                           (9,466)           10,331                865
                     – non-controlling interests                             (430)            1,000                570

                   At 1 January 2018 – HKFRS 9                         1,476,029             12,574         1,488,603


                   The table below summarises the impact on the Group’s reserves due to reclassification and
                   remeasurement of financial instruments at the date of initial application:

                                                      HKAS 39                                                  HKFRS 9
                                               carrying amount                                         carrying amount
                                               at 31 December                                              at 1 January
                                                          2017    Reclassification   Remeasurement                2018
                                                       HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000              HK$’000

                   Reserve
                   Retained profits                 1,213,842                 865                  –        1,214,707
                   Non-controlling interests          225,715                 570                  –          226,285

                                                    1,439,557               1,435                  –        1,440,992




56        China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2018




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND REVISED HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING
     STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”) (Continued)

     Application of new and revised HKFRSs – effective on 1 January 2018 (Continued)

     HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers

     The Group has applied HKFRS 15 for the first time in the current year. HKFRS 15 superseded HKAS 18
     Revenue, HKAS 11 Construction Contracts and the related interpretations.

     The Group has applied HKFRS 15 retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying this standard
     recognised at the date of initial application, 1 January 2018. Any difference at the date of initial application is
     recognised in the opening retained earnings (or other components of equity, as appropriate) and comparative
     information has not been restated. Furthermore, in accordance with the transition provisions in HKFRS 15,
     the Group has elected to apply the standard retrospectively only to the contracts that are not completed
     at 1 January 2018. Accordingly, certain comparative information may not be comparable as comparative
     information was prepared with HKAS 18 Revenue and HKAS 11 Construction Contracts and the related
     interpretations.

     The Group recognises revenue mainly from manufacturing and sales of pharmaceutical preparations and
     medical devices and other related products which arise from contracts with customers. Information about
     the Group’s performance obligations and the accounting policies resulting from application of HKFRS 15 are
     disclosed in note3 to the 2018 audited consolidated financial statement.

     Summary of effects arising from initial application of HKFRS 15 There’s no impact of transition to HKFRS 15
     on retained earnings at 1 January 2018. The following adjustments were made to the amounts recognised
     in the consolidated statement of financial position at 1 January 2018. Line items that were not affected by
     the changes have not been included.

                                                                      HKAS 18                                   HKFRS 15
                                                                       carrying                                   carrying
                                                                    amounts at                                 amounts at
                                                                  31 December                                   1 January
                                                                         2017        Reclassification               2018
                                                                      HK$’000              HK$’000               HK$’000

     Contract liabilities                                                     –                94,981              94,981
     Trade and other payables                                         1,665,838               (94,981)          1,570,857

     Notes:

     As at 1 January 2018, receipts in advance from customers of HK$94,981,000 related to sales of finished goods previously
     included in trade and other payables were reclassified to current portion of contract liabilities.


     Significant financing component

     For contracts where the period between the payment by the customer and transfer of the promised property or
     service exceeds one year, the transaction price should be adjusted for the effects of a financing component,
     if significant. The Group has assessed that the financing component effect was insignificant.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2018              57
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2018




     2.     APPLICATION OF NEW AND REVISED HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING
            STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”) (Continued)

            New and revised HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective

            The Group has not early applied the following new and revised HKFRSs that have been issued but are not
            yet effective:

            HKAS 1 and HKAS 8 (Amendments)                       Definition of Material3
            HKAS 19 (Amendments)                                 Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement1
            HKAS 28 (Amendments)                                 Long-term interests in Associates and Joint Ventures1
            HKFRS (Amendments)                                   Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2015–2017 Cycle1
            HKFRS 3 (Amendments)                                 Definition of a business2
            HKFRS 9 (Amendments)                                 Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation1
            HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (Amendments)                    Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                                                                   its Associate or Joint Venture5
            HKFRS 16                                             Leases1
            HKFRS 17                                             Insurance Contracts4
            HK (IFRIC)-Int 23                                    Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments1

            1
                  Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1st January 2019.
            2
                  Effective for business combination and asset acquisition for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning
                  of the first annual period beginning on or after 1st January 2020.
            3
                  Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1st January 2020.
            4
                  Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1st January 2021.
            5
                  Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.


            HKFRS 16 Leases

            HKFRS 16 introduces a comprehensive model for the identification of lease arrangements and accounting
            treatments for both lessors and lessees. HKFRS 16 will supersede HKAS 17 Leases and the related
            interpretations when it becomes effective.

            HKFRS 16 distinguishes lease and service contracts on the basis of whether an identified asset is controlled
            by a customer. In addition, HKFRS 16 requires sales and leaseback transactions to be determined based
            on the requirements of HKFRS 15 as to whether the transfer of the relevant asset should be accounted as
            a sale. HKFRS 16 also includes requirements relating to subleases and lease modifications.

            Distinctions of operating leases and finance leases are removed for lessee accounting, and is replaced by
            a model where a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability have to be recognised for all leases by
            lessees, except for short-term leases and leases of low value assets.

            The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost and subsequently measured at cost (subject to certain
            exceptions) less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, adjusted for any remeasurement of the
            lease liability. The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are
            not paid at that date. Subsequently, the lease liability is adjusted for interest and lease payments, as
            well as the impact of lease modifications, amongst others. For the classification of cash flows, the Group
            currently presents upfront prepaid lease payments as investing cash flows in relation to leasehold lands for
            owned use while other operating lease payments are presented as operating cash flows. Upon application
            of HKFRS 16, lease payments in relation to lease liability will be allocated into a principal and an interest
            portion which will be presented as financing cash flows by the Group.

            Furthermore, extensive disclosures are required by HKFRS 16.




58        China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2018




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND REVISED HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING
     STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”) (Continued)

     New and revised HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective (Continued)

     HKFRS 16 Leases (Continued)

     At 31 December 2018, the Group has non-cancellable operating lease commitments of approximately
     HK$7,030,000 as disclosed in note 45 to the financial statements. A preliminary assessment indicates
     that these arrangements will meet the definition of a lease. Upon application of HKFRS 16, the Group will
     recognise a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability in respect of all these leases unless they qualify
     for low value or short-term leases.

     The application of new requirements may result in changes in measurement, presentation and disclosure as
     indicated above. The Group intends to elect the modified retrospective approach for the application of HKFRS
     16 as lessee and will recognise the cumulative effect of initial application to opening retained earnings
     without restating comparative information.

     Except disclosed above, the directors of the Company do not anticipate that the application of other new
     and revised HKFRSs will have a material impact on the Group’s financial performance and financial positions.

3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set
     out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.

     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable HKFRSs, which is
     a collective term that includes all applicable individual HKFRSs, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”),
     and Interpretations issued by the HKICPA and accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong. In
     addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by Listing Rules and
     by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for certain
     financial instruments, which are measured at fair values, as explained in the accounting policies set out
     below. Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for assets.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company have given careful
     consideration to the future liquidity of the Group in light of the Group’s net current liabilities of approximately
     HK$1,537,796,000 (2017:HK$1,059,334,000) as at 31 December 2018. The directors of the Company have
     taken the following factors to consider the future liquidity which include, but not limited to, the followings:

     (i)   Attainment of profitable and positive cash flow operations

           The directors of the Company have reviewed the forecast and considered the Group will have positive
           net cash inflow in the coming 12 months.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018             59
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2018




     3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (ii) Necessary facilities

                  The Group is in the process of negotiating with its bankers for the renewal and additional of bank
                  facilities, and the restructuring of bank loan combination with an aim to transform the short-term bank
                  loans to long-term bank loans, in order to meet the Group’s working capital and financial requirements
                  in the next 12 months.

            (iii) Financial support and amount due to immediate holding company

                  Outwit has agreed to provide the financial support for not less than 12 months from the year ended
                  31 December 2018.

            (iv) Alternative sources of external funding

                  The Company can issue certain amount of new shares in according to the outstanding general mandate
                  as approved by the shareholders of the Company in the last Annual General Meeting, and in the
                  upcoming Annual General Meeting, the Board will seeking the shareholders’ approval in regarding a
                  general and unconditional mandate to allot, issue and deal with the new shares up to a maximum of
                  20% of the issued share capital of the Company as at the date of passing of the relevant resolution.

            In the opinion of the directors of the Company, in light of the various measures or arrangements implemented
            after the end of reporting period together with the expected results of the other measures, the Group will
            have sufficient working capital for its current requirements and it is reasonable to expect the Group to remain
            a commercially viable concern. Accordingly, the directors of the Company are satisfied that it is appropriate
            to prepare the consolidated financial statements on a going concern basis.

            The principal accounting policies are set out below:

            Basis of consolidation

            The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities
            controlled by the Company (its subsidiaries). Control is achieved when the Company:

            •     has power over the investee;

            •     is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

            •     has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

            The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there
            are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.




60        China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Basis of consolidation (Continued)

     When the Group has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the investee
     when the voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the
     investee unilaterally. The Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether or not
     the Group’s voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give it power, including:

     •     the size of the Group’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the
           other vote holders;

     •     potential voting rights held by the Group, other vote holders or other parties;

     •     rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

     •     any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Group has, or does not have, the current
           ability to direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, including voting
           patterns at previous patterns at previous shareholders’ meetings.

     Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the
     Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed
     of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
     income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

     Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
     Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to
     the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interest even if this results in the non-controlling
     interests having a deficit balance.

     When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting
     policies into line with the Group’s accounting policies.

     All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between
     members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

     Changes in the Group’s ownership interests in existing subsidiaries

     Changes in the Group’s ownership interests in existing subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing
     control over the subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s
     interests and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in
     the subsidiaries. Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and
     the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners
     of the Company.

     When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, a gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss and is calculated
     as the difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value
     of any retained interest and (ii) the previous carrying amount of the assets (including goodwill), and liabilities
     of the subsidiary and any non-controlling interests. All amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive
     income in relation to that subsidiary are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related
     assets or liabilities of the subsidiary (i.e. reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category of
     equity as specific/permitted by applicable HKFRSs). The fair value of any investment retained in the former
     subsidiary at the date when control is lost is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for subsequent
     accounting under HKAS 39, when applicable, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate
     or a joint venture.


                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018             61
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2018




     3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            Business combinations

            Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in
            a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair
            values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the
            acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-
            related costs are generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

            At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their
            fair value, except that:

            •     deferred tax assets or liabilities and liabilities or assets related to employee benefit arrangements are
                  recognised and measured in accordance with HKAS 12 Income Taxes and HKAS 19 Employee Benefits
                  respectively;

            •     liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or share-
                  based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment arrangements
                  of the acquiree are measured in accordance with HKFRS 2 Share-based Payment at the acquisition
                  date (see the accounting policy below); and

            •     assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with HKFRS 5 Non-current
                  Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that standard.

            Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
            controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in
            the acquiree (if any) over the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and
            the liabilities assumed. If, after re-assessment, the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable
            assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of
            any non-controlling interests in the acquire and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in
            the acquire (if any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.

            Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate
            share of the entity’s net assets in the event of liquidation may be initially measured either at fair value or
            at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable
            net assets. The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis. Other types
            of non-controlling interests are measured at their fair value or, when applicable, on the basis specified in
            another HKFRSs.

            When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes assets or liabilities
            resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its
            acquisition-date fair value and included as part of the consideration transferred in a business combination.
            Changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration that qualify as measurement period adjustments
            are adjusted retrospectively, with the corresponding adjustments made against goodwill. Measurement period
            adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional information obtained during the “measurement period”
            (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition date) about facts and circumstances that existed at
            the acquisition date.




62        China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Business combinations (Continued)

     The subsequent accounting for changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration that do not
     qualify as measurement period adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration is classified.
     Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and
     its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration that is classified as an
     asset or a liability is remeasured at subsequent reporting dates in accordance with HKFRS 9, or HKAS 37
     Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets, as appropriate, with the corresponding gain or loss
     being recognised in profit or loss.

     When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group’s previously held equity interest in the
     acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date when the Group obtains control),
     and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognised in profit or loss. Amounts arising from interests in the
     acquiree prior to the acquisition date that have previously been recognised in other comprehensive income
     are reclassified to profit or loss where such treatment would be appropriate if that interest was disposed of.

     Change in the values of the previously held equity interest recognised in other comprehensive income and
     accumulated in equity before the acquisition date are reclassified to profit and loss when the Group obtains
     control over the acquiree.

     If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which
     the combination occurs, the Group reports provisional amounts for the items for which the accounting is
     incomplete. Those provisional amounts are adjusted during the measurement period (see above), or additional
     assets or liabilities are recognised, to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that
     existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the amounts recognised as of that date.

     Goodwill

     Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of the acquisition
     of the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

     For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the relevant cash-generating units (or
     groups of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.

     A cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually, or more
     frequently whenever there is indication that the unit may be impaired. If the recoverable amount of the
     cash-generating unit is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the
     carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the other assets of the unit pro-rata on
     the basis of the carrying amount of each asset in the unit. Any impairment loss for goodwill is recognised
     directly in profit or loss. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in subsequent periods.

     On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the
     determination of the amount of profit or loss on disposal.

     The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate is described below.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018            63
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2018




     3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            Investments in associates

            An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence and that is neither a subsidiary nor
            an interest in a joint venture. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating
            policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over those policies.

            The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in these consolidated financial
            statements using the equity method of accounting, except when the investment is or a portion thereof, is
            classified as held for sales, in which case it is accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 5. Under the equity
            method, investments in associates are initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position
            at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive
            income of the associates. When the Group’s share of losses of an associate equals or exceeds its interest
            in that associate (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net
            investment in the associate), the Group discontinues recognising its share of further losses. Additional
            losses are recognised only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or
            made payments on behalf of that associate.

            An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the
            investee becomes an associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate, any excess of the cost
            of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of
            the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any
            excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of
            the investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediate in profit or loss in the period in which the
            investment is acquired.

            Any excess of the cost of the acquisition over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable
            assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of the associate recognised at the date of acquisition is recognised
            as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the investment.

            Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent
            liabilities over the cost of acquisition, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

            The requirements of HKAS 28 and HKFRS 9 are applied to determine whether it is necessary to recognise
            any impairment loss with respect to the Group’s investment in an associate. When necessary, the entire
            carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with HKAS 36
            Impairment of Assets as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair
            value less costs to sell) with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognised forms part of the carrying
            amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with HKAS 36
            to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.

            The Group discontinues the use of the equity method from the date when the investment ceases to be an
            associate, or when the investment is classified as held for sales. When the Group retains an interest in the
            former associate and the retained interest is a financial asset, the Group measures the retained interest at
            fair value at that date and the fair value is regarded as its fair value on initial recognition in accordance with
            HKAS 39. The difference between the carrying amount of the associate at the date the equity method was
            discontinued, and the carrying amount of any retained interest and any proceeds from disposing of a part
            interest in the associate is included in the determination of the gain or loss on disposal of the associate.
            In addition, the Group accounts for all amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in
            relation to that associate on the same basis as would be required if that associate or joint venture had
            directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. Therefore, if a gain or loss previously recognised in
            other comprehensive income by that associate would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of
            the related assets or liabilities, the Group reclassifies the gain or loss from equity to profit or loss (as a
            reclassification adjustment) when the equity method is discontinued.



64        China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Investments in associates (Continued)

     The Group continues to use the equity method when an investment in an associate becomes an investment
     in a joint venture or an investment in a joint venture becomes an investment in an associate. There is no
     remeasurement to fair value upon such change in ownership interests.

     When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate or a joint venture but the Group continues
     to use the equity method, the Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or loss that had
     previously been recognised in other comprehensive income relating to the reduction in ownership interest
     if that gain or loss would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of related assets or liabilities.

     When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the
     transactions with the associate are recognised in the Group’s consolidated financial statements only to the
     extent of interests in the associate or joint venture that are not related to the Group.

     Revenue recognition

     Revenue from contracts with customers (upon application of HKFRS 15 in
     accordance with transitions in note 2)

     Under HKFRS 15, the Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e.
     when “control” of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to
     the customer.

     A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or
     a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

     Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards
     complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

     •    the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance
          as the Group performs;

     •    the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
          performs; or

     •    the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group
          has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

     Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good
     or service.

     A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the
     Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in accordance
     with HKFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only
     the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018            65
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2018




     3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            Revenue recognition (Continued)

            A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which
            the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer. A contract
            asset and a contract liability relating to a contract are accounted for an presented on a net basis.

            For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations, the Group allocates the transaction price
            to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis.

            Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. Revenue represents
            amounts receivable for goods sold in the normal course of business, net of discounts and sales related taxes.

            Sale of goods

            Revenue from sales of goods are recognised on transfer of risks and rewards of ownership, which generally
            coincides with the time when the products are delivered to customers and title is passed.

            In comparative period, revenue from sales of goods is recognised when the goods are delivered and title
            has passed, at which time all the following conditions are satisfied:

            •     the Group has transferred to the buyer the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods;

            •     the Group retains neither continuing managerial involvement to the degree usually associated with
                  ownership nor effective control over the goods sold;

            •     the amount of revenue can be measured reliably;

            •     it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the transaction will flow to the Group; and

            •     the costs incurred or to be incurred in respect of the transaction can be measured reliably.

            Dividend income

            Dividend income from investments is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been
            established (provided that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Group and the amount
            of revenue can be measured reliably).

            Interest income

            Interest income from a financial asset is recognised when it is probable that the economic benefits will
            flow to the Group and the amount of income can be measured reliably. Interest income is accrued on a
            time basis, by reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective interest rate applicable, which is
            the rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial
            asset to that asset’s net carrying amount on initial recognition.

            Rental income

            The Group’s accounting policy for recognition of revenue from operating leases is described in the accounting
            policy below.




66        China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Leasing

     Leases are classified as finance leases whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks
     and rewards of ownership to the lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases.

     The Group as lessor

     Rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term
     of the relevant lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added
     to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the
     lease term.

     The Group as lessee

     Assets held under finance leases are initially recognised as assets of the Group at their fair value at the
     inception of the lease or, if lower, at the present value of the minimum lease payments. The corresponding
     liability to the lessor is included in the consolidated statement of financial position as a finance lease
     obligation.

     Lease payments are apportioned between finance expenses and reduction of the lease obligation so as to
     achieve a constant rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability. Finance expenses are recognised
     immediately in profit or loss, unless they are directly attributable to qualifying assets, in which case they
     are capitalised in accordance with the Group’s general policy on borrowing costs (see the accounting policy
     below). Contingent rentals are recognised as expenses in the periods in which they are incurred.

     Operating lease payments are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term, except
     where another systematic basis is more representative of the time pattern in which economic benefits from
     the leased asset are consumed. Contingent rentals arising under operating leases are recognised as an
     expense in the period in which they are incurred.

     In the event that lease incentives are received to enter into operating leases, such incentives are recognised
     as a liability. The aggregate benefit of incentives is recognised as a reduction of rental expense on a
     straight-line basis, except where another systematic basis is more representative of the time pattern in
     which economic benefits from the leased asset are consumed.




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018            67
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2018




     3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            Foreign currencies

            In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than
            the entity’s functional currency (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchange prevailing at
            the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign
            currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value
            that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the
            fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign
            currency are not retranslated.

            Exchange differences on monetary items are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise
            except for:

            •     exchange differences on foreign currency borrowings relating to assets under construction for future
                  productive use, which are included in the cost of those assets when they are regarded as an adjustment
                  to interest costs on those foreign currency borrowings;

            •     exchange differences on the transactions entered into in order to hedge certain foreign currency risks
                  (see the accounting policies below); and

            •     exchange differences on monetary items receivable form or payable to a foreign operation for which
                  settlement is nether planned nor likely to occur (therefore forming part of the net investment in the
                  foreign operation), which are recognised initially in other comprehensive income and reclassified from
                  equity to profit or loss on repayment of the monetary items.

            For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s
            foreign operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. Hong Kong dollars) using
            exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expenses items are translated
            at the average exchange rates for the year, unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly during the year,
            in which case, the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of transactions are used. Exchange differences
            arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the heading
            of the translation reserve (attributed to non-controlling interest as appropriate).

            Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an acquisition of a foreign
            operation are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at the rate of exchange
            prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Exchange differences arising are recognised in equity under
            the heading of foreign currency translation reserve.

            Borrowing costs

            Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which
            are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are
            added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended
            use or sale.

            Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on
            qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

            All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.




68        China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Government grants

     Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with
     the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

     Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group
     recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Specifically,
     government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire
     non-current assets are recognised as deferred income in the consolidated statement of financial position
     and transferred to profit or loss over the useful lives of the related assets.

     Government grants that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the
     purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised in
     profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable.

     The benefit of a government loan at a below-market rate of interest is treated as a government grant,
     measured as the difference between proceeds received and the fair value of the loan based on prevailing
     market interest rates.

     Taxation

     Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

     Current tax

     The tax currently payable is based on the taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from ‘profit before
     tax’ as reported in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income because of items of income or
     expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and it further excludes items that are never taxable
     or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or
     substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

     Deferred tax

     Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
     in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax base used in the computation of taxable
     profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax
     assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary difference to the extent that it is probable that
     taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such
     assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from goodwill or from the initial
     recognition (other than in a business combination) of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects
     neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if
     the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.

     Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
     subsidiaries and associates, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference
     and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax
     assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments and interests are
     only recognised to the extent that it is probably that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to
     utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018            69
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2018




     3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            Taxation (Continued)

            Deferred tax (Continued)

            The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to
            the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part
            of the asset to be recovered.

            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period
            when the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted
            or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

            The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from
            the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying
            amount of its assets and liabilities.

            For the purposes of measuring deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets for investment properties
            that are measured using the fair value model, the carrying amounts of such properties are presumed to
            be recovered entirely through sale, unless the presumption is rebutted. The presumption objective is to
            consume substantially all of the economic benefits embodied in the investment property over time, rather
            than through sale.

            Current and deferred tax for the year

            Current and deferred tax are recognised in to profit or loss, except when it relates to items that are
            recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the current and deferred tax
            are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. Where current tax or
            deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the
            accounting for the business combination.

            Property, plant and equipment

            Property, plant and equipment including buildings held for use in the production or supply of goods or
            services for administrative purposes (other than allocated land and construction in progress) are stated
            in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and
            accumulated impairment losses, if any.

            Properties in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are carried at
            cost, less any recognised impairment loss. Cost includes professional fees and, for qualifying assets,
            borrowing costs capitalised in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy. Such properties are classified
            to the appropriate categories of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for intended use.
            Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets
            are ready for their intended use.

            Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment other than
            allocated land and construction in progress over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method.
            The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting
            period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.




70        China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

     Construction in progress includes property, plant and equipment in the course of construction for production
     or for its own use purposes. Construction in progress is carried at cost less any recognised impairment loss.
     Construction in progress is classified to the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when
     completed and ready for intended use. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property
     assets, commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.

     An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits
     are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or
     retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales
     proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

     Investment properties

     Investment properties are properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation. On initial recognition,
     investment properties are measured at cost including any directly attributable expenditure. Subsequent to
     initial recognition, investment properties are measured at fair value. Gain and losses arising from changes
     in the fair value of investment property are included in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

     Investment properties under construction are accounted for in the same way as completed investment
     properties. Specifically, construction costs incurred for investment properties under construction are capitalised
     as part of the carrying amount of the investment properties under construction. Investment properties under
     construction are measured at fair value at the end of the reporting period. Any difference between the fair
     value of the investment properties under construction and their carrying amounts is recognised in profit or
     loss in the period in which they arise.

     An investment property is derecognised upon disposal or when the investment property is permanently
     withdrawn from use and no future economic benefits are expected from its disposals. Any gain or loss arising
     on derecognition of the property (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the
     carrying amount of the asset) is included in profit or loss in the period which the property is derecognised.

     If an investment property become a stock of properties because its use has changed as evidenced by the
     commencement of development with view to sale, any difference the carrying amount and the fair value of the
     property at the date of transfer is recognised in profit or loss. Subsequent to the changes, the property is
     stated at lower of deemed cost, equivalent to the fair value at the date of transfer, and net realisable value.

     The Group transfers a property from stock of properties to investment properties when there is a change in
     use to hold the property to earn rentals or/and for capital appreciation rather than for sale in the ordinary
     course of business, which is evidenced by the commencement of an operating lease to another party. For
     a transfer from stock of properties to investment properties, any difference between the fair value of the
     property at the date of change in use and its previous carrying amount is recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018             71
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2018




     3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            Intangible assets

            Intangible assets acquired separately

            Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less accumulated
            amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation is recognised on a straight-line basis
            over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end
            of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective
            basis. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less any
            subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

            Research and development expenditure

            Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

            The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible assets is the sum of the expenditure
            incurred from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no
            internally-generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is recognised in profit or
            loss in period in which it is incurred.

            Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less accumulated
            amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired
            separately.

            Intangible assets acquired in a business combination

            Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and are initially
            recognised at their fair values at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

            Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination are reported at cost
            less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets
            that are acquired separately.

            Inventories

            Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost of inventories is determined on
            weighted average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less
            all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale.

            Cash and cash equivalents

            Bank balances and cash in the consolidated statement of financial position comprise cash at banks and on
            hand and short-term deposits with a maturity of three months or less. For the purpose of the consolidated
            statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and short-term deposits as defined above.




72        China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Provision

     Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a
     past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate
     can be made of the amount of the obligation.

     The amount recognised as provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present
     obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the
     obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation,
     its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money
     is material).

     When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered
     from a third party, a receivable is recognised as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will
     be received and the amount of the receivable can be measured reliably.

     Employee benefit

     Retirement benefit costs and termination benefits

     Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are recognised as an expense when employees
     have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

     For defined benefit retirement benefit plans, the cost of providing benefits is determined using the projected
     until credit method, with actuarial valuations being carried out at the end if each annual reporting period.
     Remeasurement, comprising actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the changes of the asset ceiling (if
     applicable) and the return on plan assets (excluding interest), is reflected immediately in the statement of
     financial position with a charge or credit recognised in other comprehensive income in the period in which
     they occur, Remeasurement recognised in other comprehensive income is reflected immediately in retained
     earnings and will not be reclassified to profit or loss. Past service cost is recognised in profit or loss in
     the period of a plan amendment. Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate at the beginning
     of the period to the net defined benefit liability or asset. Defined benefit costs are categorised as follows:

     •    service cost (including current service cost, past service cost, as well as gains and losses on
          curtailments and settlements);

     •    net interest expenses or income; and

     •    remeasurement.

     The Group presents all components of defined benefit costs in profit or loss in the line item cost of sales,
     distribution costs and administrative expenses. Curtailment gains and losses are accounted for as past
     service costs.

     The retirement benefit obligation recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position represents
     the actual deficit or surplus in the Group’s defined benefit plans. Any surplus resulting from this calculation
     is limited to the present value of any economic benefits available in the form of refunds from the plans or
     reductions in future contributions to the plans.

     A liability for a termination benefit is recognised at the earlier of when the Group entity can no longer
     withdraw the offer of the termination benefit and when the entity recognises any related restructuring costs.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2018            73
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2018




     3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            Employee benefit (Continued)

            Short-term and other long-term employee benefits

            A liability is recognised for benefit accruing to employees in respect of wages and salaries, annual leave and
            sick leave in the period the related service is rendered at the undiscounted amount of benefits expected
            to be paid in exchange for that service.

            Liabilities recognised in respect of short-term employee benefits are measured at the undiscounted amount
            of the benefits expected to be paid in exchange for the related service.

            Liabilities recognised in respect of other long-term employee benefits are measured at the present value if
            the estimated future cash outflows expected to be made by the Group in respect of services provided by
            employees up to the reporting date.

            Convertible bonds

            Convertible bonds that can be converted into equity share capital at the option of the holder, where the
            number of shares that would be issued on conversion and the value of the consideration that would be
            received at that time do not vary, are accounted for as compound financial instruments which contain both
            a liability component and an equity component.

            At initial recognition the liability component of the convertible bonds is measured as the present value of
            the future interest and principal payments, discounted at the market rate of interest applicable at the time
            of initial recognition to similar liabilities that do not have a conversion option. Any excess of proceeds over
            the amount initially recognised as the liability component is recognised as the equity component. Transaction
            costs that relate to the issue of a compound financial instrument are allocated to the liability and equity
            components in proportion to the allocation of proceeds.

            The liability component is subsequently carried at amortised cost. The interest expense recognised in profit
            or loss on the liability component is calculated using the effective interest method. The equity component
            is recognised in the convertible bonds reserve until either the bond is converted or redeemed.

            If the convertible bond is converted, the convertible bonds reserve, together with the carrying amount of
            the liability component at the time of conversion, is transferred to share capital and share premium as
            consideration for the shares issued. If the convertible bond is redeemed, the convertible bonds reserve is
            released directly to retained profits.

            When the convertible bond is extinguished before maturity through an early redemption or repurchase where
            the original conversion privileges are unchanged, the consideration paid and any transaction costs for the
            redemption or repurchase are allocated to the liability component and equity component using the same
            allocation basis as when the convertible bond was originally issued. Once the allocation of consideration
            and transaction costs is made, any resulting gain or loss relating to the liability component is recognised
            in profit or loss and the amount of consideration relating to equity component is recognised in equity.




74        China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Financial instruments

     Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual
     provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and
     derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial
     assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the
     market place.

     Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables
     arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with HKFRS 15 since
     1st January 2018. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial
     assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets at fair value through profit or loss) are added
     to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial
     recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets at fair value through
     profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

     The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial
     liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest
     rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees
     and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and
     other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where
     appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

     Interest and dividend income which are derived from the financial assets and shareholders’ rights are
     presented as other revenue and other income.

     Financial assets

     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (upon application of
     HKFRS 9)

     Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

     •    the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash
          flows; and

     •    the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
          and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

     Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at FVTOCI:

     •    the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting
          contractual cash flows and selling; and

     •    the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
          and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

     All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at the date of initial application/
     initial recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in
     fair value of an equity investment in OCI if that equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent
     consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which HKFRS 3 Business Combinations
     applies.


                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018            75
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2018




     3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            Financial instruments (Continued)

            Financial assets (Continued)

            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (upon application of
            HKFRS 9) (Continued)

            A financial asset is classified as held for trading if:

            •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

            •     on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
                  together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

            •     it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

            In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at the
            amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting
            mismatch.

            Amortised cost and interest income

            Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently
            at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying
            amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see
            below). For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised
            by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting
            period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is
            no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross
            carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination
            that the asset is no longer credit impaired.

            Financial assets at FVTPL

            Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or designated
            as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

            Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair value
            gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss excludes any
            dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is included in the “other revenue and other income”
            line item.

            Impairment of financial assets (upon application of HKFRS 9 in accordance with
            transition in note 2)

            The Group recognises a loss allowance for ECL on financial assets which are subject to impairment under
            HKFRS 9 (including trade receivables, deposit paid, other receivables, loan receivables, time deposits, loan
            to director and cash and bank balances). The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting period to reflect
            changes in credit risk since initial recognition.




76        China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Financial instruments (Continued)

     Financial assets (Continued)

     Impairment of financial assets (upon application of HKFRS 9 in accordance with
     transition in note 2) (Continued)

     Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of
     the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12m ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to
     result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting period. Assessment are
     done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the
     debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting
     period as well as the forecast of future conditions.

     For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when there
     has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The
     assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood
     or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

     Significant increase in credit risk

     In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares
     the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting period with the risk of a default
     occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the
     Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including
     historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

     In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased
     significantly:

     •    an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or
          internal credit rating;

     •    significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in the
          credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

     •    existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected
          to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

     •    an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

     •    an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
          environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt
          obligations.

     Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has increased
     significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the
     Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

     The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a
     significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of
     identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.


                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018            77
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2018




     3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            Financial instruments (Continued)

            Financial assets (Continued)

            Impairment of financial assets (upon application of HKFRS 9 in accordance with
            transition in note 2) (Continued)

            Definition of default

            For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information
            developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors,
            including the Group, in full.

            Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more
            than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that
            a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

            Credit-impaired financial assets

            A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events of default that have a detrimental impact on
            the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is
            credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

            (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

            (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

            (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial
                  difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider;

            (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or

            (e)   the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.

            Write-off policy

            The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe
            financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the counterparty has been
            placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of trade receivables,
            when the amounts are over 1 year past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written off may still
            be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice
            where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised
            in profit or loss.




78        China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Financial instruments (Continued)

     Financial assets (Continued)

     Impairment of financial assets (upon application of HKFRS 9 in accordance with
     transition in note 2) (Continued)

     Measurement and recognition of ECL

     The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude
     of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default
     and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information. Estimation of
     ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of
     default occurring as the weights.

     Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance
     with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest
     rate determined at initial recognition.

     Where ECL is measured on a collective basis or cater for cases where evidence at the individual instrument
     level may not yet be available, the financial instruments are grouped on the following basis:

     •     Nature of financial instruments (i.e. the Group’s trade and other receivables and amounts due from
           customers are each assessed as a separate group. Loans to related parties are assessed for expected
           credit losses on an individual basis);

     •     Past-due status;

     •     Nature, size and industry of debtors; and

     •     External credit ratings where available.

     The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue to
     share similar credit risk characteristics.

     Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial
     asset is credit impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of the financial
     asset.

     The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting their
     carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables where the corresponding adjustment is recognised
     through a loss allowance account.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018             79
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2018




     3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            Financial instruments (Continued)

            Financial assets (Continued)

            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (before application of
            HKFRS 9 on 1 January 2018)

            Financial assets are classified into the following specified categories: financial asset FVTPL, AFS financial
            assets and loans and receivables. The classification depends on the nature and purpose of the financial
            assets and is determined at the time of initial recognition. All regular way purchases or sales of financial
            assets are recognized and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchase or sales are purchases
            or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation
            or convention in the marketplace.

            Financial assets at FVTPL

            Financial assets are classified as at FVTPL when the financial asset is (i) held for trading or (ii) it is
            designated as at FVTPL.

            A financial asset is classified as held for trading if:

            •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling it in the near term;

            •     on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
                  together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

            •     it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

            A financial asset other than a financial asset held for trading may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial
            recognition if:

            •     such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that
                  would otherwise arise;

            •     the financial asset forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both, which is
                  managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with the Group’s
                  documented risk management or investment strategy, and information about the grouping is provided
                  internally on that basis; or

            •     it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and HKAS 39 permits the
                  entire combined contract (asset or liability) to be designated as at FVTPL.




80        China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Financial instruments (Continued)

     Financial assets (Continued)

     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (before application of
     HKFRS 9 on 1 January 2018) (Continued)

     Financial assets at FVTPL (Continued)

     Financial assets at FVTPL are stated at fair value, with any gains or losses arising on remeasurement
     recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in the consolidated income statements excludes
     any dividend or interest earned on the financial assets and is included in the other revenue line item. Fair
     value is determined in the manner described in note 5 to the financial statements.

     AFS financial assets

     AFS financial assets are non-derivatives that are either designated as AFS or are not classified as loans
     and receivables or financial assets at FVTPL.

     AFS debt security that do not have a quoted market price in an active market and whose fair value cannot
     be reliably measured are measured at cost less any identified impairment losses at the end of each reporting
     period.

     Loans and receivables

     Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are
     not quoted in an active market. Subsequent to initial recognition, loans and receivables (including trade
     receivables, deposits paid, other receivables, loan receivables, time deposits and cash and bank balances)
     are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment.

     Interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate, except for short-term receivables where
     the recognition of interest would be immaterial.




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018            81
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2018




     3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            Financial instruments (Continued)

            Financial assets (Continued)

            Impairment of financial assets (before application of HKFRS 9 on 1 January 2018)

            Financial assets, other than those at FVTPL, are assessed for indicators of impairment at the end of each
            reporting period. Financial assets are considered to be impaired when there is objective evidence that, as a
            result of one or more events that occurred after the initial recognition of the financial asset, the estimated
            future cash flows of the financial assets have been affected.

            For all financial assets, objective evidence of impairment could include:

            •     significant financial difficulty of the issuer or counterparty; or

            •     breach of contract, such as a default or delinquency in interest or principal payments; or

            •     it becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or financial re- organisation; or

            •     disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.

            Objective evidence of impairment for a portfolio of receivables could include the Group’s past experience
            of collecting payments, an increase in the number of delayed payments in the portfolio past the average
            credit period of 30–180 days, observable changes in national or local economic conditions that correlate
            with default on receivables.

            For financial assets carried at amortised cost, the amount of the impairment loss recognised is the difference
            between the asset’s carrying amount and the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted
            at the financial asset’s original effective interest rate.

            For financial assets carried at cost, the amount of the impairment loss is measured as the difference
            between the asset’s carrying amount and the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted
            at the current market rate of return for a similar financial asset. Such impairment loss will not be reversed
            in subsequent periods.

            The carrying amount of the financial asset is reduced by the impairment loss directly for all financial assets
            with the exception of trade receivables, where the carrying amount is reduced through the use of an allowance
            account. Changes in the carrying amount of the allowance account are recognised in the consolidated income
            statements. When a trade receivable is considered uncollectible, it is written off against the allowance
            account. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited to the profit or loss.

            For financial assets measured at amortised cost, if, in a subsequent period, the amount of the impairment
            loss decreases and the decrease can be related objectively to an event occurring after the impairment was
            recognised, the previously recognised impairment loss is reversed through profit or loss to the extent that
            the carrying amount of the investment at the date the impairment is reversed does not exceed what the
            amortised cost would have been had the impairment not been recognised.

            In respect of AFS debt security, impairment losses are subsequently reversed through profit or loss if
            an increase in the fair value of the investment can be objectively related to an event occurring after the
            recognition of the impairment loss.




82        China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Financial instruments (Continued)

     Financial liabilities and equity instruments

     Classification as financial liabilities or equity

     Financial liabilities and equity instruments issued by a group entity are classified as either financial liabilities
     or as equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a
     financial liability and an equity instrument.

     Equity instruments

     An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
     deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds
     received, net of direct issue costs.

     Effective interest method

     The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial liability and of
     allocating interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly
     discounts estimated future cash payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form an
     integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the
     expected life of the financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount
     on initial recognition.

     Interest expense is recognised on an effective interest basis.

     Financial liabilities

     All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

     Financial liabilities at amortised cost

     Financial liabilities (including bank borrowings, promissory note, obligations under finance leases, trade
     payables, deposits received, accruals and other payables (excluding receipt in advance) and amounts due to
     non-controlling interests) are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.

     Derivative financial instruments

     Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date when derivative contracts are entered into and
     are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of the reporting period. The resulting gain or
     loss is recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2018             83
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2018




     3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            Financial instruments (Continued)

            Derecognition

            The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset
            expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of
            the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards
            of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in
            the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all
            the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the
            financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.

            On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s
            carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

            The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
            cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised
            and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in the profit or loss.

            Related parties

            (a)   A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

                  (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;

                  (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

                  (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.

            (b)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                  (i)     the entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent,
                          subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others);

                  (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture
                          of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member);

                  (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

                  (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                          entity;

                  (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or
                          an entity related to the Group;

                  (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

                  (vii)   a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                          management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); or

                  (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                         services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.


84        China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Related parties (Continued)

     Close family members of an individual are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be
     influence by, that person in their dealings with the entity and include:

     (a)   that person’s children and spouse or domestic partner;

     (b)   children of that person’s spouse or domestic partner; and

     (c)   dependants of the person or that person’s spouse or domestic partner.

     A transaction is considered to be a related party transaction when there is a transfer of resources and
     obligations between related parties.

     Segment reporting

     Operating segments and the amounts of each segment item reported in the consolidated financial statements
     are identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s top management for the
     purposes of allocating resources to and assessing the performance of the Group’s various lines of business.

     Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the
     segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of business activities.

     Segment revenue, expenses, results and assets include items directly attributable to a segment as well as
     those that can be allocated on a reasonable basis to that segment, but exclude exceptional items. Segment
     capital expenditure is the total cost incurred during the year to acquire segment assets (both tangible and
     intangible) that are expected to be used for more than one year. Corporate portions of expenses and assets
     mainly comprise corporate administrative and financing expenses and corporate financial assets respectively.

4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the directors of the
     Company are required to make judgments, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets
     and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions
     are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may
     differ from these estimates.

     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
     estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period,
     or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

     Critical judgements in applying accounting policies

     The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that management
     has made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have the most significant
     effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statement.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018            85
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2018




     4.     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
            UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

            Critical judgements in applying accounting policies (Continued)

            Valuation of inventories

            Valuation of inventories is stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value at the end of the reporting
            period. Net realisable value is determined on the basis of the estimated selling price less the estimated
            costs necessary to make the sale. The directors estimate the net realisable value for raw materials and
            finished goods based primarily on the latest invoice prices and current market conditions. In addition, the
            directors perform an inventory review on a product by product basis at the end of each reporting period and
            assess the need for write down of inventories.

            Key source of estimation uncertainty

            The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty
            at the end of the reporting period that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
            amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

            Valuation of investment properties

            Investment properties are included in the statement of financial position at their fair value, which is assessed
            annually by independent qualified valuers, after taking into consideration all readily available information and
            current market environment.

            The methodology and assumptions adopted in the property valuations are mentioned in note 17.

            Impairment of goodwill

            Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the value in use of the cash-generating
            units to which goodwill has been allocated. The value in use calculation for requires the Group to estimate
            the future cash flows expected to arise from the cash-generating unit and a suitable discount rate in order
            to calculate the present value.

            The carrying amount of goodwill as at 31 December 2018 was HK$487,848,000 (2017: HK$511,539,000).
            Details of the recoverable amount calculation are disclosed in note 22.

            Impairment of intangible assets

            The Group performs annual tests on whether there has impairment of intangible assets in accordance with
            the accounting policy. The recoverable amounts of fair value are determined based on income approach
            calculations. These calculations require the use of estimates and assumptions made by management on the
            future operation of the business, post-tax discount rates, and other assumptions underlying the calculation.

            The carrying amount of intangible assets as at 31 December 2018 was HK$815,998,000 (2017:
            HK$875,718,000). Detailed information is disclosed in note 24.




86        China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2018




4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

     Key source of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

     Provision of ECL for trade and other receivables

     The Group uses three-stage model to calculate ECL for the trade and other receivables. The provision rates
     are based on internal credit ratings as groupings of various debtors that have similar loss patterns. The
     three-stage model is based on the Group’s historical default rates taking into consideration forward-looking
     information that is reasonable and supportable available without undue costs or effort. At every reporting
     date, the historical observed default rates are reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information
     are considered. In addition, trade and other receivables with significant balances and credit impaired are
     assessed for ECL individually.

     The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. The information about the ECL and the Group’s
     trade and other receivables are disclosed in notes 29.

     Income tax and deferred tax

     The Group is subject to income taxes in several jurisdictions. There are certain transactions and calculations
     for which the ultimate tax determination may be uncertain. The Group recognises liabilities for anticipated tax
     issues based on estimates of whether additional taxes will be due. Where the final tax outcome of these
     matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the current
     and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made.

     Estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment, prepaid lease payments and
     intangible assets

     The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation/amortisation
     charges for its property, plant and equipment, prepaid lease payments and intangible assets. This estimate is
     based on the historical experience of the actual useful lives of property, plant and equipment and intangible
     assets of similar nature and functions. It could change significantly as a result of technical innovations and
     competitor actions in response to market conditions. Management will increase the depreciation/amortisation
     charge where useful lives are less than previously estimated lives, or it will write-off or write-down technically
     obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been abandoned or sold.

     The patents, trademarks and capitalised development costs are considered by the management of the Group
     as having an indefinite useful life because it is expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely.

     The intangible asset will not be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite. Instead it will be
     tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that it may be impaired.

     During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group did not change the estimated useful lives of property,
     plant and equipment, prepaid lease payments and intangible assets.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018             87
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2018




     4.     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
            UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

            Key source of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

            Fair value measurements and valuation processes

            Some of the Group’s assets and liabilities are measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes.

            In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent
            it is available. Where Level 1 inputs are not available, the Group engages third party qualified valuers to
            perform the valuation. The valuation committee works closely with the qualified external valuers to establish
            the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs to the model.

            The Group uses valuation techniques that include inputs that are not based on observable market data
            to estimate the fair value of certain types of financial instruments. Notes 5, 17, 27, 31 and 36 provide
            detailed information about the valuation techniques, inputs and key assumptions used in the determination
            of the fair value of various assets and liabilities.

            Going concern

            As disclosed in note 3, the directors have prepared the financial statements on a going concern basis as
            they are of the opinion that the Group has adequate sources of liquidity to fund the Group’s working capital
            and to meet its debt obligations as they become due based on the cash flow forecast prepared by the
            directors. Any adverse result on the actual future cash flow would affect the Group’s ability to continue as
            a going concern.

            Impairment test for interests in associates

            The Group completed its annual impairment test for interests in associates by comparing the recoverable
            amount of interests in associates to its carrying amount as at 31 December 2018. The Group has engaged
            the Valuer to carry out a valuation of the interests in associates as at 31 December 2018 based on
            the value in use calculations. This valuation uses cash flow projections based on the financial estimates
            covering a five-year period, and discount rates ranged from 12.81% to 18.34%. The cash flows beyond the
            five-year period are extrapolated using a steady 3% growth rate for the pharmaceutical industries in which
            are operated by associates.




88        China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2018




5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     (a) Categories of financial instruments

                                                                                      2018                2017
                                                                                   HK$’000             HK$’000

         Financial assets
         AFS financial assets                                                             –            100,898
         Equity Instruments at FVTOCI                                                96,526                  –
         Financial asset at FVTPL                                                    45,605             18,011
         Financial asset at amortised cost
           (including cash and cash equivalents)
           – Trade and other receivables                                          1,320,431          1,307,732
           – Amounts due from related companies                                      10,832              5,400
           – Pledged bank deposits                                                   73,515             25,549
           – Cash and cash equivalents                                              912,244            640,842

                                                                                  2,459,153          2,098,432

         Financial liabilities
         At amortised costs
           – Trade and other payables                                             2,193,772          1,561,610
           – Bank and other borrowings                                            2,154,838          2,444,169
           – Bond payables                                                          113,562            119,474
           – Convertible bonds                                                      284,725            293,958
           – Obligations under financial leases                                      73,327            133,036
           – Amount due to immediate holding company                                 17,603             23,368
           – Amounts due to related companies                                        10,529             18,173

                                                                                  4,848,356          4,593,788


     (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies

         The Group’s major financial instruments include financial asset at FVTPL, equity instruments at FVTOCI,
         trade and other receivables, amounts due from related companies, pledged bank deposits, cash and
         cash equivalents, trade and other payables, bank and other borrowings, bond payables, convertible
         bonds, obligations under financial leases, amount due to immediate holding company and amounts
         due to related companies. Details of these financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes.
         The risks associated with these financial instruments and the policies on how to mitigate these risks
         are set out below. The management manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate
         measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2018           89
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2018




     5.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

            (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                  i.   Currency risk

                       The Group’s presentation currency is HK$, however, the Group’s functional currency is RMB in
                       which most of the transactions are denominated. The functional currency is also used to settle
                       expenses for the PRC operations. Certain trade and other receivables, cash and cash equivalents,
                       trade and other payables, bank and other borrowings are denominated in foreign currencies of
                       United State dollars (“USD”). Such USD denominated financial assets and liabilities are exposed
                       to fluctuations in the value of RMB against USD.

                       The Group currently does not have any USD hedging policy but the management monitors USD
                       exchange exposure and will consider hedging significant USD exposure should the need arise.

                       Sensitivity analysis

                       The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a reasonably possible change of 10% (2017:
                       10%) in exchange rate of USD against RMB while all other variables are held constant. 10%
                       (2017: 10%) is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to key
                       management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible
                       change in foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign
                       currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the end of each reporting
                       period for a 10% (2017: 10%) change in foreign currency rates.

                                                                                              2018                2017
                                                                                           HK$’000             HK$’000

                       Increase/(decrease) in profit for the year
                         – if USD weakens against of RMB                                    (15,311)           (13,986)
                         – if USD strengthens against of RMB                                 15,311             13,986


                       A change of 10% (2017: 10%) in exchange rate of USD against RMB does not affect other
                       components of equity except the translation reserve.

                       The carrying amounts of the foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities
                       at the reporting date are as follows:

                                                                                              2018                2017
                                                                                           HK$’000             HK$’000

                       USD
                         – Trade and other receivables                                      154,819            153,743
                         – Cash and cash equivalents                                         13,336             79,165
                         – Trade and other payables                                         (15,043)           (17,873)
                         – Bank and other borrowings                                              –            (75,179)




90        China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2018




5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

         ii.    Interest rate risk

                The Group is primarily exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank
                balances at prevailing market rates and variable-rate borrowings (see note 33). The Group has
                not used any derivative contracts to hedge its exposure to interest rate risk. The Group has not
                formulated a policy to manage the interest rate risk.

                Sensitivity analysis

                The sensitivity analysis below is prepared assuming the financial instruments outstanding at the
                end of the reporting period were outstanding for the whole year. A 100 basis point (2017: 100
                basis points) increase or decrease is used when reporting interest rate risk internally to key
                management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible
                change in interest rates.

                If the interest rates had been increased/decreased by 100 basis points (2017: 100 basic
                points) at the beginning of the year and all other variables were held constant, the Group’s profit
                after tax and retained profits would increase/decrease by approximately HK$1,563,000 (2017:
                increase/decrease by approximately HK$10,623,000). The assumed changes have no impact on
                the Group’s other components of equity. This is mainly attributable to the Group’s exposure with
                respect to interest rate on its variable-interest rate bank deposits and bank and other borrowings.

         iii.   Liquidity risk

                In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and
                cash equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and
                mitigate the effects of fluctuations in cash flows. The management monitors the utilisation of
                bank and other borrowings and ensures compliance with loan covenants.

                The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative
                financial liabilities based on the agreed repayment terms. The table has been drawn up based
                on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the
                Group can be required to pay.

                The maturity analysis for financial liabilities is prepared based on the scheduled repayment
                dates. The table includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest
                flows are floating rate, the undiscounted amount is derived from interest rate curve at the end
                of the reporting period.




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018            91
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2018




     5.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

            (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                  iii.   Liquidity risk (Continued)

                         At 31 December 2018

                                                            Weighted            Total                   More than        More than
                                                             average      contractual        Within   one year but    two years but
                                                             interest   undiscounted    one year or       less than        less than   More than     Carrying
                                                                 rate      cash flow     on demand       two years        five years   five years     amount
                                                                    %       HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000


                         Trade and other payables                 –       2,193,772      2,193,772              –                –             –    2,193,772
                         Bank and other borrowings            4.77%       2,257,133      2,034,847         96,395          125,891             –    2,154,838
                         Bond payables                        5.49%         133,378          6,506          6,524          120,348             –      113,562
                         Convertible bonds                    9.29%         307,151        307,151              –                –             –      284,725
                         Obligations under finance lease     11.92%          80,345         59,882         20,463                –             –       73,327
                         Amount due to immediate
                            holding company                    5.00%         18,043         18,043               –                –            –      17,603
                         Amounts due to related companies          –         10,529         10,529               –                –            –      10,529


                                                                          5,000,351      4,630,730        123,382          246,239             –    4,848,356


                         At 31 December 2017

                                                            Weighted            Total                   More than        More than
                                                             average      contractual        Within   one year but    two years but
                                                             interest   undiscounted    one year or      less than        less than    More than      Carrying
                                                                 rate      cash flow    on demand        two years        five years   five years     amount
                                                                    %       HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000


                         Trade and other payables                 –       1,561,610      1,561,610              –                –             –    1,561,610
                         Bank and other borrowings            4.80%       2,542,207      2,224,917        114,495          202,795             –    2,444,169
                         Bond payables                        5.49%         145,898          6,032          6,592          133,274             –      119,474
                         Convertible bonds                    9.29%         347,766          9,900        337,866                –             –      293,958
                         Obligations under finance lease     14.19%         152,876         68,858         63,159           20,859             –      133,036
                         Amount due to holding company        5.00%          23,952         23,952              –                –             –       23,368
                         Amounts due to immediate
                            related companies                      –         18,173         18,173               –                –            –      18,173


                                                                          4,792,482      3,913,442        522,112          356,928             –    4,593,788


                         The amounts included above for variable interest rate instruments for non-derivative financial
                         liabilities are subject to change if changes in variable interest rates differ to those estimates of
                         interest rates determined at the end of the reporting period.




92        China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2018




5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
         iv.   Credit risk
               The credit risk of the Group mainly arises from bank balances and deposits, trade receivables
               and other receivable. The carrying amounts of these balances represent the Group’s maximum
               exposure to credit risk in relation to financial assets.

               In respect of cash deposited at banks, the credit risk is considered to be low as the counterparties
               are reputable banks. The existing counterparties do not have defaults in the past. Therefore,
               expected credit loss rate of cash at bank is assessed to be close to zero and no provision was
               made as of 31 December 2018.

               The credit risk for amount due from associates are considered to be low, therefore no expected
               credit loss provision was made during the year ended 31 December 2018.

               ECLs are recognised in three stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a
               significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses
               that result from default events that are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL).
               For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since
               initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life
               of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

               At the end of each reporting period, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial
               instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the
               Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting
               date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial
               recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue
               cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information.

               As at 31 December 2018, trade receivables that are individually significant have been separately
               assessed for impairment. The Group makes periodic assessments on the recoverability of the
               receivables based on the background and reputation of the customers, historical settlement
               records and past experience.

               Majority of the Group’s revenue is received from individual customers in relation to sales of
               pharmaceutical products and are transacted in credit. The Group’s trade receivables arise from
               sales of pharmaceutical products to the customers. As at the end of the year, the top three
               debtors and the largest debtor accounted for approximately 9.13% and 3.43% (2017: 8.25% and
               3.03%), of the Group’s trade receivables balance. In view of the history of business dealings
               with the debtors and the sound collection history of the receivables due from them, management
               believes that there is no material credit risk inherent in the Group’s outstanding receivable balance
               due from these debtors saved for the debtor related to the impaired trade receivable disclosed
               in the below. Management makes periodic assessment on the recoverability of the trade and
               other receivables based on historical payment records, the length of overdue period, the financial
               strength of the debtors and whether there are any disputes with the debtors.

               Individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain
               amount. These evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making payments when due
               and current ability to pay, and take into account information specific to the customer as well
               as pertaining to the economic environment in which the customer operates. Trade receivables
               are due within 30 to 180 days from the date of billing. Normally, the Group does not obtain
               collateral from customers.

               The Group measures loss allowances for trade and other receivables at an amount equal to
               12-month ECLs and lifetime ECLs, which are calculated using three-stage model. As the Group’s
               historical credit loss experience does not indicate significantly different loss patterns for different
               customer segments, the loss allowance based on past due status is not further distinguished
               between the Group’s different customer bases.



                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2018             93
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2018




     5.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

            (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                  iv.   Credit risk (Continued)

                        (1) Provision of trade receivables

                             The tables below show credit quality and maximum exposure to credit risk based on the
                             Group’s credit policy, which are mainly based on past due information available without
                             undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at 31 December 2018 and
                             1 January 2018 (on adoption of HKFRS 9).

                                                          12-months     Lifetime ECLs    Lifetime ECLs
                                                       ECLs Stage 1           Stage 2          Stage 3           Total
                             31 December 2018              HK$’000            HK$’000           HK’000        HK$’000

                             Trade receivables and
                               other receivables
                               – Industry average              1,293               –                –           1,293
                               – CCC- to CC                        –           3,100                –           3,100
                               – D                                 –               –           76,302          76,302

                                                               1,293           3,100           76,302          80,695


                                                          12-months     Lifetime ECLs    Lifetime ECLs
                                                       ECLs Stage 1            Stage 2          Stage 3          Total
                             1 January 2018                HK$’000            HK$’000           HK’000        HK$’000

                             Trade receivables and
                               other receivables
                               – Industry average              1,337               –                –           1,337
                               – CCC- to CC                        –           3,200                –           3,200
                               – D                                 –               –           84,327          84,327

                                                               1,337           3,200           84,327          88,864


                             The credit rating of industry average represented the debtors that have not incurred due
                             payments. If the invoice dates of the outstanding debt were from 3 months to 1 year, the
                             credit rating will be represented from CCC- to CC. In case the debts have been outstanding
                             over 1 year, the credit rating will be marked as D.




94        China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2018




5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

         iv. Credit risk (Continued)

             (1) Provision of trade receivables (continued)

                  The provision of trade receivables as at 31 December 2017 reconciles to the opening
                  provision on 1 January 2018 and to the closing provision as at 31 December 2018 was
                  as follows:

                                                                                              HK$’000

                  As at 31 December 2017                                                       49,951
                  Adjustment – initial application of IFRS 9                                   11,746

                  As at 1 January 2018                                                         61,697

                  Provision for the year                                                         4,128
                  Exchange realignment                                                          (5,021)

                  As at 31 December 2018                                                       60,804


             (2) Provision of other receivables

                  Other receivables

                  The provision of other receivables as at 31 December 2017 reconciles to the opening
                  provision on 1 January 2018 and to the closing provision as at 31 December 2018 was
                  as follows:

                                                                                              HK$’000

                  As at 31 December 2017                                                       29,017
                  Adjustment – initial application of IFRS 9                                   (1,850)

                  As at 1 January 2018                                                         27,167

                  Reversal of provision for the year                                            (5,995)
                  Exchange realignment                                                          (1,281)

                  As at 31 December 2018                                                       19,891




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2018           95
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2018




     5.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

            (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                  v.   Fair value

                       The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities are determined as follows:

                       –     the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities with standard terms and conditions
                             and traded in active liquid markets are determined with reference to quoted market bid
                             prices and ask prices respectively; and

                       –     the fair value of other financial assets and financial liabilities (excluding derivative
                             instruments) is determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on
                             discounted cash flow analysis.

                       The directors consider the fair values of trade and other receivables, pledged bank deposits,
                       cash and cash equivalents, trade and other payables, bank and other borrowings reported in
                       the consolidated statement of financial position approximate their carrying amounts due to their
                       immediate or short-term maturities.

                       The directors consider the fair value of amount due to immediate holding company approximate
                       to its carrying amount as the impact of discounting is not significant.

                       The following table provides an analysis of financial instruments that are measured subsequent
                       to initial recognition at fair value, grouped into Level 1 to 3 based on the degree to which the
                       fair value is observable.

                       –     Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active
                             market for identical assets or liabilities.

                       –     Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices
                             included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as
                             prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).

                       –     Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include
                             inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable
                             inputs).




96        China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2018




5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

         v.   Fair value (Continued)

              Asset measured at fair value

                                                                     2018
                                                    Level 1    Level 2     Level 3          Total
                                                   HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000

              Investment properties located
                in PRC (note 17)                          –         –       74,228        74,228


                                                                     2017
                                                    Level 1    Level 2     Level 3          Total
                                                   HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000

              Investment properties located
                in PRC (note 17)                          –         –       64,773        64,773


                                                                     2018
                                                    Level 1    Level 2     Level 3          Total
                                                   HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000

              Financial asset at FVTPL (note 27)    45,605          –             –       45,605


                                                                     2017
                                                    Level 1    Level 2     Level 3          Total
                                                   HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000

              Financial asset at FVTPL (note 27)    18,011          –             –       18,011


                                                                     2018
                                                    Level 1    Level 2     Level 3          Total
                                                   HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000

              Equity instruments at FVTOCI
                (note 31) (note b)                        –         –       96,526        96,526




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018           97
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2018




     5.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

            (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                  v.   Fair value (Continued)

                       Fair value of financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value (but fair value disclosure
                       are required):

                                                                                                   2018
                                                                            Level 1          Level 2     Level 3              Total
                                                                           HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000            HK$’000

                       Convertible bond (note a)                                   –               –       286,046         286,046


                                                                                                   2017
                                                                            Level 1          Level 2     Level 3              Total
                                                                           HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000            HK$’000

                       Convertible bonds (note a)                                  –               –       298,305         298,305

                       Notes:

                       (a)      As at 31 December 2018 and 2017, the fair value of convertible bonds of approximately
                                HK$286,046,000 and HK$298,305,000. The fair value of liabilities component of convertible bonds
                                was valued by an independent valuer. The convertible bonds was calculated by discounting the
                                future cash flow at market rate and including some unobservable inputs. See note 36 for the details
                                information of convertible bonds.

                                Below is a summary of the valuation technique used and the key inputs to the valuation of convertible
                                bonds:

                                                                        Significant
                                                      Valuation         unobservable
                                                      technique         inputs                           2018                  2017

                                Convertible bonds     Discounted cash   Risk free rate                   0.9%                 1.3%
                                                        flow method     Volatility                     48.58%               33.97%
                                                                        Discount rate                   9.37%       8.86% to 9.05%


                                There were no transfers between all levels in both years.

                       (b)      As at 31 December 2018, the fair value of equity instruments of approximately HK$96,526,000 were
                                valued by an independent valuer. The calculation was based on investment costs and including some
                                unobservable inputs.

                                Below is a summary of the valuation technique used and the key inputs to the valuation of equity
                                instruments:

                                                                        Significant
                                                      Valuation         unobservable
                                                      technique         inputs                           2018                  2017

                                Equity instruments    Market            Adjusted P/B                     1.50                      –
                                                        comparative        ratio
                                                                        Liquidity                       25.6%                      –
                                                                           discount rate


98        China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2018




6.   CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
     The Group reviews its capital structure to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a
     going concern while maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity
     balance. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.

     The capital structure of the Group consists of debt, which includes bank and other borrowings, amounts
     due to related companies and amount due to immediate holding company, cash and cash equivalents and
     equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising issued share capital, share premium, reserves
     and retained profits.

     The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.

     Gearing ratio

     The directors of the Company review the capital structure regularly. As part of this review, the directors of
     the Company consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on
     recommendations of the directors, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through payment of
     dividends, new share issues and share buy-backs as well as the issue of new debt or the redemption of
     existing debt.

     The gearing ratio at the end of the reporting period was as follows:

                                                                                                    2018              2017
                                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000

     Debts (note 1)                                                                             2,654,584        3,032,178
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                   (985,759)        (666,391)

     Net debt                                                                                   1,668,825        2,365,787
     Equity (note 2)                                                                            7,190,959        2,233,886
     Net debt to equity ratio                                                                         23%            106%

     Notes:

     1)       Debts comprises bank and other borrowings, convertible bonds, bond payables, obligations under financial leases
              amounts due to related companies and amount due to immediate holding company respectively.

     2)       Equity includes all capital and reserves attributable to owners of the Company.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2018           99
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      7.     REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
             For the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group is principally engaged in manufacture and sales of
             pharmaceutical preparations and medical devices, bio-technology products, nutrition products, specialised
             pharmaceutical raw materials and other products. The board of directors, being the chief operating decision
             maker of the Group, reviews the operating results of the Group as a whole to make decisions about
             resource allocation. The operation of the Group constitutes one single reportable segment under HKFRS 8
             and accordingly, no separate segment information is prepared.

             The Group’s revenue represents the invoiced value of goods sold, net of discounts and sales related taxes.

             Geographical information

             The Group’s operations are mainly located in the PRC (country of domicile) and it also derives revenue from
             America, Europe and Asia.

             Information about the Group’s revenue from external customers is presented based on geographical location
             of the customers and information about the Group’s non-current assets is presented based on geographical
             location of the assets are detailed below:

                                                                  Revenue from external
                                                                        customers                        Non-current assets
                                                                      2018           2017                  2018             2017
                                                                   HK$’000        HK$’000               HK$’000         HK$’000

             The PRC                                             4,889,374         3,539,700          6,744,831         4,747,330
             America                                               226,343           349,804                  –                 –
             Europe                                                444,047           426,293                  –                 –
             Asia other than the PRC                               361,308           419,399                  –                 –
             Others                                                 37,283            35,654                  –                 –

             Total                                               5,958,355         4,770,850          6,744,831         4,747,330

             Note:   Non-current assets excluded available-for-sale financial assets, deferred tax assets and a part of interests in
                     associates.


             Information about major customers

             For the years ended 31 December 2018 and 2017, none of the Group’s sales to a single customer amounted
             to 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue.




100        China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2018




7.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

     REVENUE

     Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                    2018               2017
                                                                                 HK$’000            HK$’000

     Type of goods and services
     Manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical preparations
       and medical devices                                                     3,588,143          2,598,374
     Sales of bio-technology products and nutrition products                   1,615,832          1,392,632
     Sales of specialised pharmaceutical raw materials
       and other products                                                        754,380            779,844

     Total revenue recognised at point in time                                 5,958,355          4,770,850


                                                                                    2018               2017
                                                                                 HK$’000            HK$’000

     Revenue disclosed in segment information
     External customers                                                        5,958,355          4,770,850

     Timing of revenue recognition
     At point in time                                                          5,958,355          4,770,850
     Over time                                                                         –                  –

                                                                               5,958,355          4,770,850


     All of the Group’s revenue is generated in the PRC based on where goods are sold. All revenue contracts
     are for period of one year or less, as permitted by practical expedient under HKFRS 15, the transaction
     price allocated to these unsatisfied contacts is not disclosed.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2018           101
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      8.     OTHER REVENUE AND INCOME
                                                                                  2018      2017
                                                                               HK$’000   HK$’000

             Government grants                                                  35,498    35,053
             Interest income                                                    11,917     3,515
             Sales of raw materials, scrap and other materials, net             13,892     6,024
             Gain on sales and lease back transaction, net                      28,717    23,346
             Investment income                                                   2,952       112
             Rental income                                                         485       531
             Net gain in fair value of investment properties                    13,342    15,226
             Reversal of impairment loss on trade and other receivables         10,498    19,776
             Being provision income of legal claim                                   –    27,064
             Gain on disposal of associates                                          –        22
             Reversal of expected credit loss on trade and other receivables     2,440         –
             Government compensation on office relocation                       66,915         –
             Sundry incomes                                                      9,463     4,677

                                                                               196,119   135,346


      9.     OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES
                                                                                  2018      2017
                                                                               HK$’000   HK$’000

             Amortisation of intangible assets (note 24)                        16,171    13,141


      10. FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                  2018      2017
                                                                               HK$’000   HK$’000

             Interest on bank and other borrowings:
                – wholly repayable within five years                           157,653   124,244
                – not wholly repayable within five years                             –         –
             Interest on bond payables (note 37)                                 6,805     6,603
             Interest on convertible bonds (note 36)                            26,977    27,405
             Interest on amount due to immediate holding company                   255       434
             Interest on finance lease                                          11,606    15,741

                                                                               203,296   174,427




102        China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2018




11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                                       2018                2017
                                                                                    HK$’000             HK$’000

   Current tax:
   The PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                    154,034              79,487
   Deferred tax (note 38)                                                            (6,574)             (6,306)

                                                                                    147,460              73,181


   No provision for Hong Kong profits tax has been made in the consolidated financial statements as the
   Company did not have any assessable profits subject to Hong Kong profits tax at the rate of neither 8.25%
   nor 16.5% (2017: 16.5%). Provision on profits assessable elsewhere has been calculated at the rate of tax
   prevailing to the countries to which the Group operates, based on existing legislation, interpretations, and
   practices in respect thereof.

   Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of the
   EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% from 1 January 2008 onwards.

   According to the relevant the PRC tax regulations, High-New Technology Enterprise (“HNTE”) operating within
   a High and New Technology Development Zone are entitled to a reduced Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”)
   rate of 15%. Certain subsidiaries are recognised as HNTE and accordingly, are subject to EIT at 15%. The
   recognition as a HNTE is subject to review on every three years by the relevant government bodies.

   The charge for the year is reconciled to the profit per the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
   comprehensive income as follows:

                                                                                       2018                2017
                                                                                    HK$’000             HK$’000

   Profit before tax                                                                883,899             558,939

   Tax at the domestic income tax rate of 25% (2017: 25%)                           220,975             139,735
   Tax effect of share of results of associates                                     (17,295)                448
   Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                             27,482               9,098
   Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                                  (6,352)            (20,798)
   Tax effect of deductible temporary differences not recognised                      1,960                 907
   Effect of tax exemptions granted to the PRC subsidiaries                         (13,075)            (22,998)
   Income tax on concessionary rate                                                (106,171)            (55,038)
   Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                           39,936              21,827

   Tax charge for the year                                                          147,460              73,181


   The applicable tax rate of 25% (2017: 25%) is used as operations of the Group are substantially carried
   out by the subsidiaries in the PRC.




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2018            103
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      12. PROFIT FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                      2018              2017
                                                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000

           Profit for the year is stated after charging/(crediting):
           Staff costs (excluding directors’ emoluments) comprises:
             – Wages and salaries                                                  784,140           751,200
             – Retirement benefits schemes contributions (note 46)                  55,089            51,255

                                                                                   839,229           802,455

           Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 16)                 220,144           230,122
           Amortisation of prepaid lease payments
             (included in cost of sales and administrative expenses)
             (note 18)                                                                7,096            8,571
           Amortisation of intangible assets
             (included in other operating expenses) (note 24)                        16,171           13,141

           Total depreciation and amortisation                                     243,411           251,834

           Impairment losses on financial assets
             – trade and other receivables                                           11,110           35,213
             – reversal of impairment loss on trade and other receivables
                  (included in other revenue and income) (note 8)                   (10,498)         (19,776)

           Impairment losses of financial assets, net                                   612           15,437

           Auditors’ remuneration
             – audit services                                                         2,880            2,350
             – non-audit services                                                       400                –

           Cost of inventories recognised as an expense                           2,796,841        2,291,353
           Operating lease rentals in respect of land and buildings                   9,205            4,748
           Gain on sales and lease back transaction, net                            (28,717)         (23,346)
           Write-off of property, plant and equipment                                    39            2,813
           Research and development expenditure                                     137,490           84,713
           Impairment loss on inventories                                                 –              112
           Being provision expenses of legal claim                                        –           27,064
           Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                          3,377            3,858
           Net foreign exchange (gain)/loss                                          (9,861)          13,252


      13. DIVIDEND
           The Board recommends the payment of final dividend of approximately HK$269,600,000 at HK$0.086 per
           Share for the year ended 31 December 2018 (2017: Nil).




104     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2018




14. EARNINGS PER SHARE
   The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the owners of the Company is
   based on the following data:

                                                                                    2018                2017
                                                                                 HK$’000            HK$’000
                                                                                                   (restated)

   Earnings
   Earnings for the purpose of basic earnings per share calculation              712,667            460,811
   Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
   – Interest on convertible bond (net of tax)                                     26,977            27,405

   Earnings for the purpose of diluted earnings per share calculation            739,644            488,216


                                                                                     2018               2017
                                                                                     ’000               ’000
                                                                                                   (restated)

   Number of shares
   Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose
     of basic earnings per share calculation                                   2,568,876          2,243,144
   Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
   – Convertible bonds                                                           222,222            244,444

   Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
    diluted earnings per share calculation                                     2,791,098          2,487,588


   The Company’s outstanding convertible bonds were included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share
   because the effect of the Company’s outstanding convertible bonds were diluted.

   The number of shares for the year ended 31 December 2017 were restated due to the right issue on
   5 September 2018. Further details are set out in note 41.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2018           105
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      15. DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS

           (a) Directors’ emoluments

                 Details of directors’ emoluments are as follows:

                                                                                         2018              2017
                                                                                      HK$’000           HK$’000

                 Fees:
                   Executive directors                                                     175               150
                   Independent non-executive directors                                     270               300

                                                                                           445               450

                 Other emoluments:
                   Salaries and allowances                                               2,581             1,950
                   Retirement benefits scheme contributions                                 18                18

                                                                                         3,044             2,418


                 No emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors as an inducement to join, or upon joining
                 the Group, or as compensation for loss of office for both years ended 31 December 2018 and 2017.




106     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2018




15. DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

   (a) Directors’ emoluments (Continued)

       The emoluments paid or payable to each of the seven (2017: seven) directors for the year ended
       31 December 2018 are as follows:

                                                                             Retirement
                                                                                benefits
                                                            Salaries and       schemes
                                                     Fees    allowances    contributions          Total
                                                  HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000

       Executive directors:
       Mr. Liu Chengwei                                75              –                 –          75
       Mr. Hu Bo                                       50              –                 –          50
       Dr. Shao Yan (Chief executive officer)           –          2,581                18       2,599
       Dr. Niu Zhanqi                                  50              –                 –          50

       Independent non-executive directors:
       Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie                        180              –                   –       180
       Mr. Lo Kai, Lawrence (passed away on
         11 May 2018)                                  30              –                   –        30
       Mr. Hu Yebi
         (appointed on 31 December 2018)                –              –                   –         –
       Dr. Pei Geng                                    60              –                   –        60

       Total                                          445          2,581                18       3,044




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2018           107
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      15. DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

           (a) Directors’ emoluments (Continued)

                 Details of directors’ emoluments for the year ended 31 December 2017 are as follows:

                                                                                           Retirement
                                                                                              benefits
                                                                          Salaries and       schemes
                                                                  Fees     allowances    contributions          Total
                                                               HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000

                 Executive directors:
                 Mr. Liu Chengwei                                    50             –                 –           50
                 Mr. Hu Bo                                           50             –                 –           50
                 Dr. Shao Yan (Chief executive officer)               –         1,950                18        1,968
                 Dr. Niu Zhanqi                                      50             –                 –           50

                 Independent non-executive directors:
                 Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie                          180               –                    –       180
                 Mr. Lo Kai, Lawrence                              60               –                    –        60
                 Dr. Pei Geng                                      60               –                    –        60

                 Total                                            450           1,950                18        2,418


                 During both years ended 31 December 2018 and 2017, no directors of the Company agreed to waive
                 or waived any emoluments.

                 During both years ended 31 December 2018 and 2017, the executive director of the Company, Dr.
                 Shao Yan, was the chief executive officer of the Company.

           (b) Five Highest Paid Individuals

                 The five individuals with the highest emoluments in the Group, one (2017: one) was the director of
                 the Company whose emoluments were included above. The emoluments of the remaining four (2017:
                 four) individuals are as follows:

                                                                                            2018                2017
                                                                                         HK$’000             HK$’000

                 Employees
                   Salaries and allowances                                                 7,035               4,289
                   Retirement benefits schemes contributions                                 105                  63

                                                                                           7,140               4,352




108     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2018




15. DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

   (b) Five Highest Paid Individuals (Continued)

       These emoluments were within the following bands:

                                                                                 2018              2017
                                                                                No. of            No. of
                                                                             employees         employees

       Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                            –                 1
       HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                   2                 2
       HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                   1                 1
       Over HK$2,000,000                                                              1                 –

                                                                                      4                 4


       During both years ended 31 December 2018 and 2017, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the
       five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation
       for loss of office.

   (c) Senior Management of the Group

       The emoluments of the senior management of the Group are within the following band.

                                                                                 2018              2017
                                                                                No. of            No. of
                                                                             employees         employees

       Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                            1                 4
       HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                   3                 1
       Over HK$1,500,000                                                              1                 –

                                                                                      5                 5


       During both years ended 31 December 2018 and 2017, no emoluments were paid by the Group to
       the senior management as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for
       loss of office.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2018          109
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                       Allocated   Plant and      Motor                            Construction
                                           Buildings        land   machinery    vehicles   Equipment      Others    in progress       Total
                                           HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000

           Cost
           At 1 January 2017              1,321,019       1,682    1,406,854     27,348      72,720         412        355,571    3,185,606
           Additions                          5,893           –       75,033      1,737       3,878           –        223,770      310,311
           Disposals                         (1,376)          –      (27,104)      (637)     (1,349)          –              –      (30,466)
           Write-off                           (171)          –      (13,397)      (745)     (3,604)          –              –      (17,917)
           Transfer                          47,001           –       64,799      1,306         822           –       (113,928)           –
           Exchange realignment              96,573         120      104,705      2,024       5,148           –         29,987      238,557

           At 31 December 2017
              and at 1 January 2018       1,468,939       1,802    1,610,890     31,033      77,615         412       495,400     3,686,091
           Additions                         67,129           –       83,222      1,589       2,263           –       218,655       372,858
           Disposals                        (11,448)          –      (22,129)    (3,275)     (9,086)          –             –       (45,938)
           Write-off                              –           –           (5)       (12)        (43)          –             –           (60)
           Transfer                          11,226           –       46,757          –          52           –       (58,035)            –
           Exchange realignment             (78,856)        (94)     (87,836)    (1,542)     (3,730)          –       (32,036)     (204,094)

           At 31 December 2018            1,456,990       1,708    1,630,899     27,793      67,071         412       623,984     3,808,857

           Accumulated depreciation and
              impairment
           At 1 January 2017               166,232            –     326,724       9,265      39,367         412              –     542,000
           Depreciation provided
              for the year                  66,469            –     147,968       4,318      11,367            –             –     230,122
           Eliminated on disposals            (675)           –      (8,322)       (217)       (703)           –             –      (9,917)
           Eliminated on write-off             (44)           –     (10,765)       (726)     (3,569)           –             –     (15,104)
           Exchange realignment             14,617            –      28,715         804       3,069            –             –      47,205

           At 31 December 2017 and at
              1 January 2018               246,599            –     484,320      13,444      49,531         412              –     794,306
           Depreciation provided
              for the year                   66,217           –     143,131       3,967        6,829           –             –     220,144
           Eliminated on disposals           (7,615)          –     (14,400)     (2,897)      (8,581)          –             –     (33,493)
           Eliminated on write-off                –           –          (3)        (11)          (7)          –             –         (21)
           Exchange realignment             (15,105)          –     (30,206)       (739)      (2,472)          –             –     (48,522)

           At 31 December 2018             290,096            –     582,842      13,764      45,300         412              –     932,414

           Net carrying amounts
           At 31 December 2018            1,166,894       1,708    1,048,057     14,029      21,771            –      623,984     2,876,443


           At 31 December 2017            1,222,340       1,802    1,126,570     17,589      28,084            –      495,400     2,891,785




110     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2018




16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
   The above items of property, plant and equipment, except for construction in progress and allocated land
   are depreciated on a straight-line basis, at the following rates per annum:

   Buildings                         2.5% – 5%
   Plant and machinery               5% – 10%
   Equipment                         12% – 25%
   Motor vehicles                    10% – 25%
   Others                            12.5% – 20%

   Allocated land is located in the PRC and is not specified by the PRC government authorities with the period
   of usage. The allocated land is restricted for disposal or transfer, but can be leased or pledged to other
   parties upon obtaining the approval from the relevant PRC’s authorities.

   Buildings are held in the PRC under medium-term leases.

   As at 31 December 2018, an allocated land and certain buildings in the Group have been pledged to banks
   to secure general bank loans granted to the Group as further detailed in note 44.

17. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                      2018                2017
                                                                                   HK$’000             HK$’000

   Completed investment properties                                                   74,228             64,773


                                                                                      2018                2017
                                                                                   HK$’000             HK$’000

   At 1 January                                                                      64,773             45,650
   Fair value gain recognised in profit or loss (note 8)                             13,342             15,226
   Exchange realignment                                                              (3,887)             3,897

   At 31 December                                                                    74,228             64,773


   (a) Valuation of investment properties

        The investment properties amounted of approximately HK$74,228,000 (2017: HK$64,773,000) of the
        Group were stated at fair value as at 31 December 2018. The fair value were arrived at based on
        the valuations carried out by an independent firm of qualified professional valuer, Wuhan Huasheng
        Zhenghao Assets Appraisal Co., Ltd. (this is the English translation of Chinese name or words which
        included for identification purposes only).

        The valuer has valued the properties on the basis of comparable market transactions as available.
        Discussions of valuation processes and results are held between the Group and valuers at least once
        every six months, in line with the Group’s interim and annual reporting dates. As at 31 December
        2018, the fair values of the properties have been determined by the valuer. At each financial year
        end, the Group (i) verifies all major inputs to the independent valuation report; (ii) holds discussions
        with the independent valuer.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2018            111
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      17. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

           (a) Valuation of investment properties (Continued)

                 Market approach method is adopted based on the principle of substitution, where comparison is made
                 based on prices realised on actual sales and/or asking prices of comparable properties. Comparable
                 properties of similar size, scale, nature, character and location are analysed and carefully weighed
                 against all the respective advantages and disadvantages of each property in order to arrive at a fair
                 comparison of market value and capital values.

                 The valuation assumptions, unless otherwise stated, the valuer assumed that:

                 (a)   The assets within the scope of the assessment are owned by the appraised unit and there is
                       no ownership dispute;

                 (b)   The assessment information provided by the entrusting party and the appraised unit is true,
                       lawful and complete; and

                 (c)   The assessment data collected by the assessors in the capacity range is authentic and credible.

                 There has been no change from the valuation technique used during the year. In estimating the fair
                 value of the properties, the highest and best use of the properties is their current use.

                 The valuation of investment properties is determined by various major inputs:

                 i.    As at 31 December 2018:

                       The major key inputs applied in valuing the investment properties were market unit sales per
                       each square meter. The range of unit market price were from RMB1,315.18 to RMB1,545.24.

                       Another unobservable input was volume rate of the land use right. The ranges of plot ratio of
                       investment properties were from 1.00 to 3.00. An increase in volume rate would result in increase
                       in the fair value of investment properties.

                 ii.   As at 31 December 2017:

                       The major key inputs applied in valuing the investment properties were market unit sales per
                       each square meter. The range of unit market price were from RMB724.83 to RMB844.02.

                       Another unobservable input was volume rate of the land use right. The ranges of plot ratio of
                       investment properties were from 1.00 to 3.50. An increase in volume rate would result in increase
                       in the fair value of investment properties.

                       The fair value of the investment properties of approximately HK$74,228,000 (2017: HK$64,773,000)
                       as at 31 December 2018. The investment properties were classified as level 3 of fair value
                       hierarchy. There were no transfers into or out of level 3 during the year.




112     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2018




18. PREPAID LEASE PAYMENTS
                                                                                   2018               2017
                                                                                HK$’000            HK$’000

   At the beginning of year                                                      296,574           285,119
   Additions                                                                       3,164                 –
   Written off                                                                    (2,332)                –
   Amortisation for the year                                                      (7,096)           (8,571)
   Exchange realignment                                                          (15,141)           20,026

   At the end of year                                                            275,169           296,574

   Analysed for reporting purposes as:
     Current assets                                                                7,216             8,771
     Non-current assets                                                          267,953           287,803

                                                                                 275,169           296,574


   Leasehold lands are held in the PRC under medium leases.

   As at 31 December 2018 and 2017, certain leasehold land of the Group has been pledged to banks to
   secure bank loans granted to the Group as detailed in note 44.

19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                   2018               2017
                                                                                HK$’000            HK$’000

   Cost of unlisted investments (note)                                         5,153,458           241,505
   Share of post-acquisition loss and other comprehensive loss                    61,380            (4,548)

   Share of net assets of associates                                           5,214,838           236,957

   Amounts due from associates                                                    95,151            36,565

                                                                               5,309,989           273,522


   Amounts due from associates are unsecured, interest-free and not repayable/recoverable within next twelve
   months.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2018          113
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
           The summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s associates is set out below:

           Yangxin Fuxin Chemical Company Limited (the “Yangxin Fuxin”)

                                                                                           2018             2017
                                                                                        HK$’000          HK$’000

           Total assets                                                                   13,393          18,308
           Total liabilities                                                              (3,829)           (936)

           Net assets                                                                      9,564          17,372

           Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                    4,686           8,512

           Revenue                                                                        19,025          16,660

           Profit for the year                                                             1,107           1,343

           Share of results of an associate for the year                                     542             658


           Cardionovum Holding Company Limited (the “Cardionovum Holding”)

                                                                                           2018             2017
                                                                                        HK$’000          HK$’000

           Total assets                                                                  804,642         726,433
           Total liabilities                                                            (123,894)        (37,647)

           Net assets of the associate                                                  680,748          688,786
           Less: Non-controlling interests                                               (8,706)          (3,383)

           Net assets attributable to owners of associate                               672,042          685,403

           Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                 223,991          228,445

           Revenue                                                                        53,266          60,412

           Loss for the year                                                             (13,280)         (7,348)

           Share of results of an associate for the year                                  (4,426)         (2,449)




114     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2018




19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

   East Ocean Medical (Hong Kong) Company Limited (the “East Ocean”)

                                                                 2018               2017
                                                              HK$’000            HK$’000

   Total assets                                                59,693              39,593
   Total liabilities                                           (2,671)            (16,609)

   Net assets                                                  57,022             22,984

   Group’s share of net assets of the associate                       –                 –


   Revenue                                                            –                 –


   Loss for the year                                            (1,063)              (416)

   Share of results of an associate for the year                      –                 –


   Shanghai Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Company Limited (the “Xudong Haipu”)

                                                                                    2018
                                                                                 HK$’000

   Total assets                                                                1,757,318
   Total liabilities                                                            (379,500)

   Net assets of the associate                                                 1,377,818
   Less: Non-controlling interests                                               (36,272)

   Net assets attributable to owners of associate                              1,341,546

   Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                  737,840

   Revenue                                                                       236,819

   Profit for the year                                                           169,624

   Share of results of an associate for the year                                  93,293




                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2018           115
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

           Grand Pharma Sphere Private Limited (the “Grand Pharma Sphere”)

                                                                                                                                                    2018
                                                                                                                                                 HK$’000

           Total assets                                                                                                                     11,602,593
           Total liabilities                                                                                                                (5,704,391)

           Net assets                                                                                                                         5,898,202

           Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                                                                       2,890,119

           Revenue                                                                                                                               351,760

           Loss for the year                                                                                                                         (41,285)

           Share of results of an associate for the year                                                                                             (20,230)

           Note: The goodwill generated during acquisition of Xudong Haipu and Grand Pharma Sphere were amounted approximately
                 to HK$416,857,000 and HK$1,933,569,000 respectively.

           Details of the principal associates as at 31 December 2018 and 2017 are as follows:

                                   Place of                               Percentage of effective        Particulars of
                                   incorporation/   Form of business     equity interest and voting      issued/paid-up
           Name                    operation        structure           power held by the Company        capital              Principal activities
                                                                               2018            2017


           Yangxin Fuxin           PRC/PRC          Limited liability        40.32%           40.32% Contributed capital      Production and sales of fine
              (note (a))                               company             (indirect)       (indirect) RMB2,000,000              chemicals and chemical
                                                                                                                                 medicine


           Cardionovum Holding     Hong Kong/       Limited liability          33.33         33.33% Contributed capital       Development, production
              (note (b))             Hong Kong         company             (indirect)         (direct) USD93,000,000            and distribution of
                                                                                                                                advanced cardiovascular
                                                                                                                                interventional medical
                                                                                                                                devices and the provision
                                                                                                                                of related services


           East Ocean (note (c))   PRC/PRC          Limited liability         0.07%            0.07% Issued capital           Investment holding
                                                       company               (direct)         (direct)  HK$117,000,000/
                                                                                                        contributed capital
                                                                                                        HK$58,500,001


           Xudong Haipu            PRC/PRC          Limited liability        55.00%                   – Contributed capital   Production and sales
              (note (d))                               company             (indirect)                     RMB60,000,000          of pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                 preparations for injections


           Grand Pharma Sphere     Singapore/       Limited liability        49.00%                   – Contributed capital   Investment holding
              (note (e))              Singapore        company             (indirect)                     USD100




116     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2018




19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
   Notes:

   (a)      Yangxin Fuxin was an associate of Hubei Grand Fuchi Pharmaceutical and Chemical Company Limited (“Hubei Fuchi”)
            and Hubei Fuchi was acquired by the Group as a subsidiary pursuant to an agreement signed on 2 March 2010.

            As at 31 December 2013, the Group held approximately 40.22% equity interest in Yangxin Fuxin and are accounted
            for the investment as an associate. During the year ended 31 December 2014, the Group had further acquired
            approximately 0.24% equity interest in Grand Pharm (China) on 23 October 2014. Immediately after completion of
            this acquisition on 23 October 2014, the Group’s equity interest in Yangxin Fuxin was increased from 40.22% to
            40.32%.

   (b)      Cardionovum Holding was an associate of Grand Wise International Trading Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of
            the Company, and Cardionovum Holding was establish with individual third party. The Company had subscribed for
            approximately 33.33% of the enlarged issued share capital of the Cardionovum Holding pursuant to an agreement
            signed on 21 April 2015, and are accounted for the investment in an associate.

            The Group is able to exercise significant influence over Cardionovum Holding because it has the power to appoint
            one out of the five directors of that company under the shareholders agreement.

   (c)      East Ocean was an associate of the Company and East Ocean was establish with a connected person of the
            Company. The Company had held for 1 out of 1500 issued share capital of the East Ocean as at 31 December
            2017. Pursuant to an agreement signed between the Company and the owners of East Ocean in relate to the
            establishment of East Ocean, the Company will inject not more than 49.9% equity interest of capital into East
            Ocean within five years, and are accounted for the investment in an associate.

            The Group is able to exercise significant influence over East Ocean because it has the power to appoint one out
            of the three directors of that company under the shareholders agreement.

   (d)      Xudong Haipu was an associate of Taiwan Tung Yang International Company Limited (“Tung Yang”).

            On 24 May 2018, the Company entered into the acquisition agreement, the Company had acquired 100% of the
            Tung Yang shares at aggregate consideration HK$2,004,227,000 which are settled by cash and shares. Upon
            completion of the acquisition, Tung Yang is directly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Shanghai Xudong
            Haipu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd (“Xudong Haipu”) and its subsidiaries are classified as associates of the Company
            after Completion. This is because material decisions of Xudong Haipu (including but not limited to the approval
            of its annual budget, manufacturing plan and profit distribution policy) are subject to the resolutions of the board
            of directors of Xudong Haipu which must be passed by at least two-third of its directors in attendance under the
            articles of association of Xudong Haipu. As the Tung Yang entitled to appoint only four out of the seven directors of
            Xudong Haipu, the Tung Yang does not have control over the operations and financial management of Xudong Haipu.

            The completion of the acquisition took place on 5 September 2018. Details of the acquisition of the Tung Yang
            are disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 24 May 2018, 31 July 2018 and 24 August 2018.

            Even the Company was holding 55% of shares of Xudong Haipu, since the resolutions requires at least 5 out of
            7 directors’ approval to pass, where the Company only entitled to appoint 4 directors on the board meeting, the
            Company does not have control over the associate.

   (e)      Grand Pharma Sphere was an associate of Grand Decade Developments Limited (“Grand Decade”) and it was the
            immediate holder of Grand Pharma Sphere Pty. (Australia BidCo) Limited (“BidCo”).

            On 14 June 2018, the Company entered into the binding scheme implementation deed pursuant to which CDH
            Genetech Limited (“CDH Genetech”) and the Company had acquired 100% of the Sirtex Medical Limited (“Sirtex”)
            shares. The Company and CDH Genetech had established BidCo to acquire the Sirtex shares and paid aggregate
            consideration HK$2,907,725,000. Upon completion of the acquisition, the Company and CDH Genetech owned 49%
            and 51% of the issued shares capital of the BidCo respectively. The completion of the acquisition took place on
            20 September 2018. Details of the acquisition of the BidCo are disclosed in the announcement of the Company
            dated 14 June 2018, 26 July 2018, 20 September 2018 and 12 March 2019.

   The above table lists associates of the Group which, in the opinion of the directors of the Company,
   principally affected the results of the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the group. To
   give details of other associates would, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, result in particulars
   of excessive length.


                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2018               117
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      20. AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE FINANCIAL ASSETS
                                                                                                                      2017
                                                                                                                   HK$’000

           Unlisted securities:
           – Unlisted equity securities, at cost                                                                    100,898


           The above unlisted equity securities represent investments in unlisted equity securities issued by private
           entities incorporated in the PRC. They are measured at cost less impairment at the end of the reporting
           period because the range of reasonable fair value estimated is so significant that the directors of the
           Company are of the opinion that their fair values cannot be measured reliably.

      21. DEPOSITS FOR ACQUISITION OF NON-CURRENT ASSETS
                                                                                                   2018               2017
                                                                                                HK$’000            HK$’000

           Purchase of land use right (note (a))                                                 39,491              41,653

           Note:

           (a)     During the year ended 31 December 2016, Beijing Grand Jiuhe Pharmaceutical Limited (“Jiuhe”) entered into
                   an agreement with the independent third party to acquire a land use right and paid amount to approximately
                   RMB34,690,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$38,874,000) within a specified period as stipulated in the
                   agreement. As at 31 December 2018 and 2017, the Group was in the progress of obtaining the land use right
                   certificate.


      22. GOODWILL
                                                                                                                   HK$’000

           At 1 January 2017                                                                                        481,075
           Exchange realignment                                                                                      30,464

           At 31 December 2017 and 1 January 2018                                                                   511,539
           Exchange realignment                                                                                     (23,691)

           At 31 December 2018                                                                                      487,848




118     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2018




22. GOODWILL (Continued)

   Impairment Tests for Cash-generating Units Containing Goodwill

   Goodwill acquired has been allocated for impairment testing purposes to the following cash generating units
   (“CGU”):

   –    Zhejiang Jianju Xianle Pharmaceutical Company Limited (“Zhejiang Xianle”)

   –    Wuhan Kernel Bio-tech Co., Ltd. (“Wuhan Kernel”)

   –    Hubei Wellness Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd (“Hubei Wellness”)

   –    Beijing Rui Yao Technology Limited (“Beijing Rui Yao”)

   –    Jiuhe

   –    Tianjin Jingming New Technology Development Co., Ltd. (“Tianjin Jingming”)

   –    Xi’an Beilin

   The Group tests goodwill annually for impairment, or more frequently if there are indications that goodwill
   might be impaired.

   Before recognition of impairment losses, the carrying amount of goodwill was allocated to CGU as follows:

                                                                                     2018               2017
                                                                                  HK$’000            HK$’000

   Zhejiang Xianle                                                                 54,944             54,944
   Wuhan Kernel                                                                    15,944             16,816
   Hubei Wellness                                                                  23,003             24,262
   Beijing Rui Yao                                                                 24,566             25,911
   Jiuhe                                                                          183,092            193,112
   Tianjin Jingming                                                                62,030             65,424
   Xi’an Beilin                                                                   124,269            131,070

                                                                                  487,848            511,539




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2018          119
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      22. GOODWILL (Continued)
           Notes:


           Zhejiang Xianle

           The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted
           cash flow sourced from the financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount
           rate of approximately 17% (2017: 16%) that reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks
           specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated using 0% growth rate per annum (2017:
           0%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable
           amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

           As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no
           impairment loss was recognised.

           Wuhan Kernel

           The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted
           cash flow sourced from the financial budgets approved by management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate
           of approximately 18% (2017: 15%) that reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks
           specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated using 0% growth rate per annum (2017:
           0%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable
           amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

           As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no
           impairment loss was recognised.


           Hubei Wellness

           The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted
           cash flow sourced from the financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount
           rate of approximately 18% (2017: 16%) that reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks
           specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated using 0% growth rate per annum (2017:
           0%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable
           amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

           As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no
           impairment loss was recognised.


           Beijing Rui Yao

           The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted
           cash flow sourced from the financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount
           rate of approximately 17% (2017: 17%) that reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks
           specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated using 0% growth rate per annum (2017:
           0%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable
           amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

           As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no
           impairment loss was recognised.




120     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2018




22. GOODWILL (Continued)
   Notes: (Continued)


   Jiuhe

   The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted
   cash flow sourced from the financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount
   rate of approximately 16% (2017: 17%) that reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks
   specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated using 0% growth rate per annum (2017:
   0%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable
   amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

   As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no
   impairment loss was recognised.

   Tianjin Jingming

   The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted
   cash flow sourced from the financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount
   rate of approximately 17% (2017: 17%) that reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks
   specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated using 0% growth rate per annum (2017:
   0%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable
   amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

   As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no
   impairment loss was recognised.


   Xi’an Beilin

   The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted
   cash flow sourced from the financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount
   rate of approximately 16% (2017: 17%) that reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks
   specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated using 0% growth rate per annum (2017:
   0%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable
   amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

   As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no
   impairment loss was recognised.

   The key assumptions used in the value in use calculations for the cash-generating units are as follows:

   Budgeted market share                    Average market share in the period immediately before the budget
                                            period, plus a growth of 3% of market share per year. The values
                                            assigned to the assumption reflect past experience and are consistent
                                            with the directors’ plans for focusing operations in these markets. The
                                            directors believe that the planned market share growth per year for
                                            the next five years is reasonably achievable.

   Budgeted gross margin                    Average gross margins achieved in the period immediately before the
                                            budget period, increased for expected efficiency improvements. This
                                            reflects past experience.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018              121
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      23. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES
           Particulars of the Group’s principal subsidiaries as at 31 December 2018 and 2017 are as follows:

                                         Place of                               Percentage of effective   Particulars of
                                         incorporation/   Form of business     equity interest and voting issued/paid-up
           Name                          operation        structure           power held by the Company capital                Principal activities
                                                                                     2018            2017


           Grand Pharm (China)           PRC/PRC          Limited liability       99.84%          99.84% Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of
              (notes (iv), (vi), (vii)                       company            (indirect)      (indirect) RMB470,000,000        pharmaceutical products
              & (viii))                                                                                                          in the PRC

           Wuhan Wuyao                   PRC/PRC          Limited liability       99.18%          99.18% Contributed capital   Production and sale of
             (notes (i) & (viii))                            company            (indirect)      (indirect) RMB61,000,000          pharmaceutical raw
                                                                                                                                  material and chemicals
                                                                                                                                  and export of self-made
                                                                                                                                  products and related
                                                                                                                                  technologies

           Wuhan Grand Hoyo (notes       PRC/PRC          Limited liability       60.80%          60.80% Paid up capital       Manufacture and
             (ii), (viii) and (xvi))                         company            (indirect)      (indirect)  RMB50,000,000        distribution of amino
                                                                                                                                 acid products

           Hubei Fuchi                   PRC/PRC          Limited liability       89.60%          89.60% Contributed capital   Production and sales of
             (note (viii) and (xx))                          company            (indirect)      (indirect) RMB38,990,000          agrochemicals, fine
                                                                                                                                  chemicals and chemical
                                                                                                                                  medicine

           Hubei Grand EBE Bright        PRC/PRC          Limited liability       99.84%          99.84% Contributed capital   Production and sales of
             Eyes Company Limited                            company            (indirect)      (indirect) RMB114,000,000         ophthalmic gel and eye
             (“Hubei Grand EBE”)                                                                                                  drops
             (note (viii))

           Zhejiang Xianle               PRC/PRC          Limited liability       67.00%         67.00% Contributed capital    Manufacture and sales
                                                             company              (direct)        (direct) RMB10,000,000         of steroid hormones
                                                                                                                                 active pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                 ingredients (“APls”) and
                                                                                                                                 related intermediates

           Wuhan Kernel (notes (iii),    PRC/PRC          Limited liability       91.56%          91.56% Contributed capital   Research and development,
             (viii), (xvi) and (xvii))                       company            (indirect)      (indirect) RMB79,200,000         production and sale
                                                                                                                                 of bio-pesticides and
                                                                                                                                 additives

           Hubei Wellness                PRC/PRC          Limited liability       99.84%          99.84% Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of
             (notes (v) & (viii))                            company            (indirect)      (indirect) RMB48,000,000         pharmaceutical products
                                                                                                                                 in the PRC

           Grand Pharmaceutical          PRC/PRC          Limited liability       59.90%          59.90% Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of
              Huangshi Feiyun                                company            (indirect)      (indirect) RMB125,000,000        pharmaceutical products
              Pharmaceutical Co.,                                                                                                in the PRC
              Ltd. (“Huangshi
              Feiyun”) (notes (viii)
              & (ix))

           Beijing Rui Yao               PRC/PRC          Limited liability       99.84%          99.84% Contributed capital   Investment holding
              (notes (x) & (xii))                            company            (indirect)      (indirect) RMB23,901,750

           Beijing Huajin                 PRC/PRC         Limited liability       71.88%          71.88% Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of
              Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                       company            (indirect)      (indirect) RMB7,886,400          pharmaceutical products
              (“Beijing Huajin”)                                                                                                 in the PRC
              (notes (viii), (x) & (xii))




122     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2018




23. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
                                Place of                               Percentage of effective   Particulars of
                                incorporation/   Form of business     equity interest and voting issued/paid-up
   Name                         operation        structure           power held by the Company capital                Principal activities
                                                                            2018            2017

   Huangshi Fuchi Water         PRC/PRC          Limited liability       99.84%          99.84% Contributed capital   Treatment of sewage in
     Affairs Company Limited                        company            (indirect)      (indirect) RMB1,000,000           the PRC
     (“Fuchi Water”)
     (note (xi))

   Jiuhe (note (xiii))          PRC/PRC          Limited liability       96.84%          96.84% Contributed capital   Manufacture and
                                                    company            (indirect)      (indirect) RMB20,000,000         sales of capsules,
                                                                                                                        pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                        intermediates, tablets,
                                                                                                                        granules and soft
                                                                                                                        capsules in the PRC

   Tianjin Jingming             PRC/PRC          Limited liability       73.18%          73.18% Contributed capital   Research and development,
      (note (xiv))                                  company            (indirect)      (indirect) RMB1,000,000          manufacture and sales
                                                                                                                        of ophthalmic medical
                                                                                                                        devices and disposal
                                                                                                                        surgical product

   Zhu Hai Cardionovum        PRC/PRC            Limited liability       77.89%          77.89% Contributed capital   Development, manufacture
      Medical Device Co. Ltd.                       company            (indirect)      (indirect) USD1,000,000          and sales of ophthalmic
      (“Zhu Hai Cardionovum”)                                                                                           medical devices
      (note (xv))

   Xi’an Beilin (note (xvii))   PRC/PRC          Limited liability       99.84%          99.84% Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of
                                                    company            (indirect)      (indirect) RMB27,800,000          Chinese medicine and
                                                                                                                         health food product
   Grand Decade (note (xxii))   BVI/BVI          Limited liability         100%              — Contributed capital    Investment holding
                                                    company              (direct)              HKD78,000

   Tung Yang (note (xxiii))     Hong Kong/       Limited liability         100%              — Contributed capital    Investment holding
                                  Hong Kong         company              (direct)              USD2,944,611


   Notes:

   (a)      Detail of subsidiaries

            None of the subsidiaries had any debt securities outstanding at the end of the year or at any time during the year.

            (i)       Pursuant to a shareholders’ resolution dated 4 January 2011, the registered capital of Wuhan Wuyao was
                      increased from RMB31,000,000 to RMB61,000,000. Then, Grand Pharm (China) injected additional capital
                      of RMB30,000,000 into Wuhan Wuyao. As a result, the Group’s equity interest in Wuhan Wuyao was
                      increased from 72.72% to 73.18%. The registration of this transaction under the PRC government authority
                      was completed on 20 January 2011.

            (ii)      Wuhan Grand Hoyo became a subsidiary of the Group in 2010.

                      During the year ended 2010, a further 6.4% equity interest in Wuhan Grand Hoyo was acquired by Grand
                      Pharm (China). As a result, the effective equity interest in Wuhan Grand Hoyo held by the Group was increased
                      from 41.26% to 45.97%.

            (iii)     Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with Wuhan Optics to acquire 81.0263% equity interest in
                      Wuhan Kernel on 22 September 2011. The effective equity interest in Wuhan Kernel held by the Group is
                      59.69% upon the completion of the acquisition on 17 November 2011.

            (iv)      Pursuant to an agreement dated 14 February 2012, the Group acquired additional 2.28% equity interest
                      in Grand Pharm (China) from the non-controlling interests of Grand Pharm (China) at a cash consideration
                      of RMB9.66 million (approximately HK$11.91 million). The Group recognised a decrease in non-controlling
                      interests and other reserve of approximately HK$18,047,000 and HK$6,133,000 respectively.


                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2018              123
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      23. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           Notes: (Continued)


           (a)   Detail of subsidiaries (Continued)

                 (v)      Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with 湖北絲寶藥業有限公司 to acquire 100% equity interest
                          in Hubei Wellness Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. on 22 November 2012. The effective equity interest in Hubei
                          Wellness held by the Group is 99.60% upon the completion of the acquisition on 22 November 2012.

                 (vi)     Pursuant to share transfer agreement dated on 17 December 2012, the Group further entered into an
                          agreement to acquire approximately 20.26% equity interest in Grand Pharm (China) at the consideration of
                          RMB136.40 million (approximately HK$169.66 million) (representing approximately RMB6.73 million per each
                          percentage of equity interest in Grand Pharm (China)). This acquisition had been completed on 28 December
                          2012. Immediately after completion of this acquisition on 28 December 2012, the equity interest held by
                          the Group in Grand Pharm (China) was approximately 96.21%.

                 (vii)    Pursuant to share transfer agreement dated on 21 December 2012, the Group further entered into an
                          agreement to acquire approximately 3.39% equity interest in Grand Pharm (China) at the consideration of
                          RMB20.06 million (representing approximately RMB5.92 million per each percentage of equity interest in Grand
                          Pharm (China)). This acquisition had been completed on 28 December 2012. Immediately after completion
                          of this acquisition on 28 December 2012, the equity interest held by the Group in Grand Pharm (China) was
                          approximately 99.6%. As a result of the acquisition detail on note (iv), (vi) & (vii), the Group’s equity interest
                          in Wuhan Wuyao was increased from 73.18% to 98.94%; Wuhan Grand Hoyo was increased from 45.97% to
                          62.15%; Hubei Fuchi was increased from 60.72% to 82.09%; Hubei Grand EBE was increased from 73.67%
                          to 99.60% and Wuhan Kemel was increased from 59.69% to 80.70%.

                 (viii)   Pursuant to share transfer agreement dated on 10 October 2014, Grand Pharm (China) had increased the
                          paid-up capital to RMB470,000,000. The Group had paid RMB285,000,000 during the year ended 2014. After
                          the payment of additional paid-up capital, the Group further acquired approximately 0.24% equity interest in
                          Grand Pharm (China) at the consideration of RMB1.134million (representing approximately RMB4.725 million
                          per each percentage of equity interest in Grand Pharm (China)). This acquisition had been completed on
                          23 October 2014. Immediately after completion of this acquisition on 23 October 2014, the equity interest
                          held by the Group in Grand Pharm (China) was approximately 99.84%. As a result of the acquisition detail on
                          notes (iv), (vi) & (vii), the Group’s equity interest in Wuhan Wuyao was increased from 98.94% to 99.18%;
                          Wuhan Grand Hoyo was increased from 62.15% to 62.30%; Hubei Fuchi was increased from 82.09% to
                          82.29%; Hubei Grand EBE was increased from 99.60% to 99.84%, Wuhan Kemel was increased from 80.70%
                          to 80.90%. Hubei Wellness was increased from 99.60% to 99.84%; Huangshi Feiyun was increased from
                          59.76% to 59.90% and Beijing Huajin was increased from 50.80% to 50.92%.

                 (ix)     Pursuant to an agreement dated 22 February 2013, the Group established and owned 60% equity interest in
                          Huangshi Feiyun. The effective equity interest in Huangshi Feiyun held by the Group is 59.76% on 22 February
                          2013.

                 (x)      Pursuant to an agreement dated 16 July 2013, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with Beijing
                          Kun Wu International Business Limited to acquire 70.84% equity interest in Beijing Rui Yao on 31 October
                          2013. Beijing Rui Yao also owning 72% equity interest in Beijing Huajin without any encumbrances and
                          potential disputes, and upon completion of Rui Yao acquisition, Grand Pharm (China) will own approximately
                          70.56% equity interest in Rui Yao and approximately 50.80% equity interest in Beijing Huajin indirectly through
                          Rui Yao.

                 (xi)     The Group established and owned 99.84% equity interest in Fuchi Water. The effective equity interest in
                          Fuchi Water held by the Group is 99.84% on 30 September 2014.

                 (xii)    Pursuant to an agreement dated 11 December 2014, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with
                          Beijing Kun Wu International Business Limited to acquire 29.16% equity interest in Beijing Rui Yao on 1 January
                          2015. Beijing Rui Yao also owning 72% equity interest in Beijing Huajin without any encumbrances and
                          potential disputes, and upon completion of Rui Yao additional acquisition, the Group will own approximately
                          99.84% equity interest in Rui Yao and approximately 71.88% equity interest in Beijing Huajin indirectly through
                          Rui Yao.


124     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2018




23. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   Notes: (Continued)


   (a)   Detail of subsidiaries (Continued)

         (xiii)   Pursuant to an agreement dated 17 July 2015, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with Ningbo
                  CDH Jinxiu Investment Management Company Limited (the “Ningbo CDH”) to acquire 67.00% equity interest
                  in Jiuhe on 31 July 2015 and upon completion of Jiuhe acquisition, the Group will own approximately 66.89%
                  equity interest in Jiuhe.

                  During the year ended 2015, a further 30.00% equity interest in Jiuhe was acquired by Grand Pharm (China).
                  As a result, the effective equity interest in Jiuhe held by the Group was increased from 66.89% to 96.84%.

         (xiv)    Pursuant to an agreement dated 22 December 2014, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with Wu
                  Liang and Fan Li Jin to acquire 73.30% equity interest in Tianjin Jingming on 1 January 2015. The effective
                  equity interest in Tianjin Jingming held by the Group is 73.18% on 1 January 2015.

         (xv)     The Group established and owned 77.89% equity interest in Zhu Hai Cardionovum. The effective equity interest
                  in Zhu Hai Cardionovum held by the Group is 77.89% on 9 October 2015.

         (xvi)    During the year ended 31 December 2016, the Group increase effective equity interest by 13.44% in Huang
                  Gang Fuchi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. from the non-controlling interests at consideration of three subsidiaries
                  shares of 2.59% in Wuhan Grand Hoyo; 2.11% in Wuhan Kemel and 3.47% in Hubei Grand Bio-technology
                  Limited.

         (xvii) During the year ended 31 December 2016, the Group acquired additional 1.55% and 16.05% equity interest
                in Wuhan Kernel from the non-controlling interests of Wuhan Kernel at a cash consideration of RMB3,000,000
                and RMB20,180,000 (approximately HK$3,362,000 and HK$22,614,000). The Group recognised an decrease
                in non-controlling interests and decrease in other reserve of approximately HK$28,165,000 and HK$2,059,000
                respectively.

         (xviii) Pursuant to an agreement dated 29 June 2016, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with
                 independent third parties to acquire 77.21% equity interest in Xi’an Beilin on 13 July 2016. Xi’an Beilin
                 also owing 100%, 100% and 79% equity interest in Shenxi Xin Beilin Medical Company Limited (the “Shenxi
                 Xin Beilin”), Xi’an Hanyuan Shiye Company Limited (the “Xi’an Hanyuan Shiye“) and Xi’an Beilin Biological
                 Technology Company Limited (the “Xi’an Beilin Biological”) without any encumbrances and potential disputes,
                 and upon completion of Xi’an Beilin acquisition, the Group will own approximately 77.09% equity interest
                 in Xi’an Beilin and approximately 77.09%, 77.09% and 60.91% equity interest in Shenxi Xin Beilin, Xi’an
                 Hanyuan Shiye and Xi’an Beilin Biological indirectly through Xi’an Beilin. During the year ended 31 December
                 2016, the Group derecognised Xi’an Beilin Biological Technology.

                  During the year ended 31 December 2017, Grand Pharm (China) acquire additional 22.79% equity interest
                  in Xi’an Beilin from the non-controlling interests of Xi’an Beilin at a cash consideration of RMB131,512,000
                  (approximately HK$151,606,000), and upon completion of the further acquisition, the Group will own
                  approximately 99.84% equity interest in Xi’an Beilin and approximately 99.84% and 99.84% equity interest
                  in Shenxi Xin Beilin and Xi’an Huanyuan Shiye indirectly through Xi’an Beilin. The Group recognised a
                  decrease in non-controlling interests and decrease in other reserve of approximately HK$113,123,000 and
                  HK$38,484,000 respectively.

         (xix)    During the year ended 31 December 2017, Wuhan Kernel had increased the contributed capital to
                  RMB79,200,000. After the payment of additional of contributed capital, Grand Pharm (China) disposed
                  4.9% equity interest in Wuhan Kernel to independent third party at a cash consideration of RMB12,740,000
                  (approximately HK$14,687,000). Upon the completion of the partial disposal, the Group will own approximately
                  91.56% equity interest in Wuhan Kernel indirectly. The Group recognised an increase in non-controlling
                  interests and increase in other reserve of approximately HK$5,832,000 and HK$8,853,000 respectively.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2018               125
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      23. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           Notes: (Continued)


           (a)   Detail of subsidiaries (Continued)

                 (xx)    During the year ended 31 December 2017, Grand Pharm (China) acquire additional approximately 7.32%
                         equity interest in Hubei Fuchi from the non-controlling interests of Hubei Fuchi at a cash consideration
                         of approximately RMB11,679,000 (approximately HK$13,463,000), and upon completion of the further
                         acquisition, the Group will own approximately 89.60% equity interest in Hubei Fuchi. The Group recognised
                         a decrease in non-controlling interests and decrease in other reserve of approximately HK$7,506,000 and
                         HK$5,957,000 respectively. As a result of the acquisition, the Group’s equity interest in Wuhan Grand Hoyo
                         was increased from 59.71% to 60.80%; and Hubei Fuchi was increased from 82.29% to 89.60%.

                 (xxi)   The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Group, which, in the opinion of the Directors, principally affected
                         the results or assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors
                         result in particulars of excessive lengths.

                 (xxii) During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Company establish Grand Decade for the purpose of acquiring
                        associate, Grand Pharma Sphere.

                 (xxiii) During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Company acquire 100% equity interest in Tung Yang at
                         aggregate consideration HK$2,004,227,000. Upon completion, Xudong Haipu becomes an associate of the
                         Company.


           (b)   Detail of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests

                                        Place of           Proportion of ownership
                                        incorporation/   interests and voting rights
                                        registration       held by non-controlling     Profits allocated to non-        Accumulated
                 Name of Company        and operation              interests             controlling interests     non-controlling interests
                                                                2018          2017           2018           2017        2018            2017
                                                                                         HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000


                 Wuhan Grand Hoyo       PRC/PRC              39.20%         39.20%        21,385        11,074      104,968         89,045


                 Summarised financial information in respect of each of the Group’s subsidiaries that has material non-controlling
                 interests is set out below. The summarised financial information below represents amounts before intragroup
                 eliminations.




126     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2018




23. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   Notes: (Continued)


   (b)   Detail of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests
         (Continued)

         (i)   Wuhan Grand Hoyo and its subsidiaries

                                                                                                   2018             2017
                                                                                                HK$’000          HK$’000

               Current assets                                                                   243,184          200,734
               Non-current assets                                                                56,054           58,566
               Current liabilities                                                               30,236           30,719
               Non-current liabilities                                                            1,296            1,484
               Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                     162,739          138,052
               Non-controlling interests                                                        104,968           89,045

               Revenue                                                                           510,647         481,898
               Other revenue and income                                                            3,332           4,591
               Expenses                                                                         (459,439)       (458,246)

               Profit for the year                                                                54,540          28,243

               Profit attributable to owners of the Company                                       33,155          17,169
               Profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                   21,385          11,074


               Total comprehensive income for the year                                            40,609          42,606

               Total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the Company                   24,686          25,900
               Total comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests               15,923          16,706


               Dividend paid to non-controlling interest                                               –               –
               Net cash inflow from operating activities                                           1,151          18,300
               Net cash outflow from investing activities                                         (4,138)         (8,138)
               Net cash inflow from financing activities                                             727            (992)
               Effect of foreign exchange rate charges                                            (2,285)          2,797

               Net cash (outflow)/inflow                                                          (4,545)         11,967


               Significant restrictions

               Cash and short-term deposits of RMB held in the PRC are subject to local exchange control regulations.
               These local exchange control regulations provide for restrictions on exporting capital from the PRC, other
               than through normal dividends.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2018           127
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      24. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                   Patent,
                                                                            trademark and
                                                                                capitalised
                                                          Pharmaceutical      development         Acquired
                                                              technology               cost   patent rights          Total
                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000

           Cost
           At 1 January 2017                                       7,082          749,039          77,045         833,166
           Addition                                                    –                –          34,610          34,610
           Exchange realignment                                      506           53,549           6,947          61,002

           At 31 December 2017 and 1 January 2018                  7,588          802,588         118,602         928,778
           Addition                                                    –                –           1,304           1,304
           Exchange realignment                                     (393)         (41,644)         (6,206)        (48,243)

           At 31 December 2018                                     7,195          760,944         113,700         881,839

           Accumulated amortisation and impairment loss
           At 1 January 2017                                         561                 –         36,187          36,748
           Provided for the year (note 9)                            364                 –         12,777          13,141
           Exchange realignment                                       54                 –          3,117           3,171

           At 31 December 2017 and 1 January 2018                    979                 –         52,081          53,060
           Provided for the year (note 9)                            375                 –         15,796          16,171
           Exchange realignment                                      (65)                –         (3,325)         (3,390)

           At 31 December 2018                                     1,289                 –         64,552          65,841

           Net carrying amounts
           At 31 December 2018                                     5,906          760,944          49,148         815,998

           At 31 December 2017                                     6,609          802,588          66,521         875,718


           The economic useful life of recognised intangible assets are as follows:

           Intangible assets                                                                         Economic useful life

           Pharmaceutical technology                                                                             20 years
           Acquired patent rights                                                                      5 years – 7 years
           Patents, trademarks and capitalised development cost                                     indefinite useful lives

           The patents and trademarks will expire in the coming two to five years and subject to renewal. The directors
           of the Company are not aware of any expected impediment with respect to the renewal of the patents and
           trademarks and consider that the possibility of failing in renewal is remote and the patents and trademarks
           will generate net cash flows for the Group for an indefinite period. Therefore, the patents and trademarks
           are treated as having an indefinite useful life.

           For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill, patents and trademarks above have been allocated to the
           acquired cash generating units, details of impairment assessment was set out in note 22. During the year
           ended 31 December 2018, the management of the Group determines that there is no impairment need of
           any of its CGUs containing goodwill, patents and trademarks.


128     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2018




25. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS
   The following are the major deferred tax assets recognised and the movements thereof during the current
   and prior years:

                                                                                  Impairment
                                                                                loss on trade
                                                                      ECL           and other
                                                                 provision        receivables              Total
                                                                 HK$’000             HK$’000            HK$’000

   At 1 January 2017                                                     –              1,160              1,160
   Exchange realignment                                                  –                 83                 83

   At 31 December 2017                                                  –               1,243              1,243
   Impact on adopting HKFRS 9                                      11,331                   –             11,331

   At 1 January 2018 (restated)                                    11,331               1,243             12,574
   Charge to profit or loss                                         1,780                   –              1,780
   Exchange realignment                                                 –                 (64)               (64)

   At 31 December 2018                                             13,111               1,179             14,290


   As at 31 December 2018, the Group has unused tax losses of approximately HK$60,931,000 (2017:
   HK$52,655,000) available to offset against future profits. No deferred tax assets have been recognised in
   respect of the remaining tax losses of approximately HK$60,931,000 (2017: HK$52,655,000) due to the
   unpredictability of future profit streams.

26. PREPAYMENTS
   The amount represented prepayment of RMB74,526,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$84,841,000) (2017:
   RMB55,322,000(equivalent to approximately HK$66,426,000)) paid to certain third party pharmaceutical
   institutes located in the PRC for the acquisition of certain technical knowhow for certain medication pursuant
   to agreements entered into between the Group and those pharmaceutical institutes.

27. FINANCIAL ASSET AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                        2018               2017
                                                                                     HK$’000            HK$’000

   Investment at fair value                                                           45,605              18,011


   As at 31 December 2018 and 2017, the Group’s investment in wealth management products were designed
   at financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of which fair values are determined by reference to
   the quoted market bid prices available on the relevant PRC market.

   The financial asset at fair value through profit or loss was classified as level 1 of fair value hierarchy.




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2018           129
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      28. INVENTORIES
                                                                                               2018                2017
                                                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000

           Raw materials                                                                    193,234             208,538
           Work-in-progress                                                                 282,541             256,394
           Finished goods                                                                   294,554             298,001

                                                                                            770,329             762,933


      29. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                               2018                2017
                                                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000

           Trade receivables, net                                                           928,865             908,157
           Bills receivables                                                                313,659             302,633
           Prepayments                                                                      258,028             143,107
           Deposits paid                                                                        469                 534
           Other tax receivables                                                             30,852              35,086
           Other receivables, net                                                            77,438              96,408

                                                                                          1,609,311           1,485,925


           The Group generally allows a credit period of 30 – 180 days (2017: 30 – 180 days) to its trade customers.
           The Group does not hold any collaterals over the trade and other receivables. The following is an aged
           analysis of trade receivables presented based on the invoice date at the reporting date. The bills receivables
           were all with maturity within 180 days from the reporting date.

                                                                                               2018                2017
                                                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000

           Trade receivables                                                                989,669             958,108
           Less: Allowance for credit loss/accumulated impairment loss                      (60,804)            (49,951)

           Total trade receivables                                                          928,865             908,157


           The ageing analysis of the trade receivables is as follows:

                                                                                               2018                2017
                                                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000

           Within 90 days                                                                   831,589             739,645
           91 – 180 days                                                                     73,678             136,256
           181 – 365 days                                                                    23,598              32,256

                                                                                            928,865             908,157




130     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2018




29. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
                                                                                      2018              2017
                                                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000

   Other receivables                                                                97,329           125,425
   Less: Allowance for credit loss/accumulated impairment loss                     (19,891)          (29,017)

   Total other receivables                                                          77,438            96,408


   Impairment losses in respect of trade and other receivables are recorded using an allowance account unless
   the Group is satisfied that recovery of the amount is remote, in which case the impairment loss is written
   off against trade and other receivable balances directly.

   The Group does not hold any collated or other credit enhancement over its trade and other receivables
   balances. Trade and other receivables are non-interest bearing.

   The Directors considered that the residual amounts of trade and other receivables are fully recoverable and
   no provision for impairment.

   (a)   The movement in the impairment loss of trade receivables is as follows:

                                                                                                        2017
                                                                                                     HK$’000

         Balance at the beginning of the year                                                          35,749
         Impairment losses recognised                                                                  25,889
         Amounts written off during the year                                                             (838)
         Impairment losses reversed                                                                   (16,061)
         Exchange realignment                                                                           5,212

         Balance at the end of the year                                                               49,951


         At the end of each reporting period, the Group’s trade receivables were individually determined to
         be impaired. The individually impaired receivables are recognised based on the credit history of
         its customers, such as financial difficulties or default in payments, current market conditions and
         subsequent repayment condition after reporting report. Consequently, specific impairment loss was
         recognised.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2018           131
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      29. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
           (b)   The movement in the impairment loss of other receivables is as follows:

                                                                                                            2017
                                                                                                         HK$’000

                 Balance at the beginning of the year                                                      21,630
                 Impairment losses recognised on other receivables                                          9,324
                 Impairment losses reversed                                                                (3,715)
                 Exchange realignment                                                                       1,778

                 Balance at the end of the year                                                            29,017

           (c)   Ageing of trade receivables which are past due but not impaired:

                 Included in the Group’s trade receivables balances are balances with aggregate carrying amount of
                 HK$98,025,000 which was past due as at the reporting date for which the Group has not provided
                 for impairment loss. The average age of these receivables is approximately 99 days.

                                                                                                            2017
                                                                                                         HK$’000

                 Within 90 days                                                                            87,828
                 91 – 180 days                                                                             10,197

                                                                                                           98,025

                 Details of ECL assessment are set out in note 5.

      30. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS
                                                                                              2018          2017
                                                                                           HK$’000       HK$’000

           Cash in banks                                                                   912,236       640,824
           Cash on hand                                                                          8            18

                                                                                           912,244       640,842

           At the end of the reporting period, cash and cash equivalents comprise of the followings:

                                                                                              2018          2017
                                                                                           HK$’000       HK$’000

           HKD                                                                               1,911           144
           USD                                                                              14,072        79,018
           Euro dollars (the “EURO”)                                                         1,468           190
           RMB                                                                             894,793       561,472

                                                                                           912,244       640,824

           As at 31 December 2018, bank deposits of approximately HK$73,515,000 (2017: HK$25,549,000) are
           pledged as collateral for bills payables and bank borrowings respectively.

           As at 31 December 2018, the annual effective interest rate on pledged bank deposits is 1.09% (2017:
           1.04%).

           The remittance of cash and cash equivalents denominated in RMB out of the PRC is subject to the foreign
           exchange control restrictions imposed by the government of the PRC.

132     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2018




31. EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
    INCOME
                                                                                                                        2018
                                                                                                                     HK$’000

   Unlisted securities:
     – Unlisted equity securities (Note)                                                                              96,526

   Note:   Upon application of HKFRS 9 on 1 January 2018, the unlisted equity securities are reclassified from AFS financial
           assets. At 1 January 2018 and 31 December 2018, the fair value of the unlisted equity security was arrived on
           the basis of a valuation carried out by an independent professional.


32. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES/CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                  2018                  2017
                                                                                               HK$’000               HK$’000

   Trade payables                                                                              394,506               442,138
   Bills payables                                                                              661,370               186,209
   Accruals and other payables (Note a)                                                      1,137,896               819,105
   Deposit received                                                                                  –                 1,003
   Other tax payables                                                                          148,767               122,402
   Receipts in advance (Note b)                                                                      –                94,981

   Total                                                                                     2,342,539             1,665,838

   Contract liabilities (Note b)                                                               156,432                       –


   Note:

   a.      Included in accruals and other payables, during year ended 31 December 2018, there is an amount of approximately
           HK$350,632,000 which was payable for acquisition of associate company.

           During year ended 31 December 2017, there was cash consideration amounted HK$157,908,000 payable for
           acquisition of additional equity interest in Xi’an Beilin. Further details are set out in note 49.

   b.      Contract liabilities in relation to sales of finished goods were previously included in deposits receipts in advance
           (approximately HK$94,981,000 as at 1 January 2018).


   The following is an aged analysis of trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the end of the
   reporting period.

                                                                                                  2018                  2017
                                                                                               HK$’000               HK$’000

   Within 90 days                                                                              267,262               254,863
   Over 90 days                                                                                127,244               187,275

                                                                                               394,506               442,138




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2018               133
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      32. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES/CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)

           The average credit period on purchases of goods is 90 days.

           The bills payables are mature within 180 days from the end of the reporting period.

      33. BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS

                                                                                           2018              2017
                                                                                        HK$’000           HK$’000

           Bank borrowings (secured)                                                   2,134,347        2,422,556
           Other borrowing (unsecured)                                                    20,491           21,613

                                                                                       2,154,838        2,444,169

           Carrying amount repayable:
           On demand or within one year                                                1,967,352        2,165,957
           More than one year but not exceeding two years                                 83,456           99,774
           More than two years but not more than five years                              104,030          178,438
           More than five years                                                                –                –

                                                                                       2,154,838        2,444,169


           As at 31 December 2018 and 2017, certain bank loans are guaranteed by China Grand Enterprises
           Incorporation, a related company with common controlling shareholder of the Company, and secured by the
           plant and machinery, buildings, prepaid lease payments and pledged bank deposits of the Group in the PRC
           as detailed in note 44 and independent third parties.

           As at 31 December 2018, all other bank loans and other borrowings of the Group are denominated in RMB.
           As at 31 December 2017, except for the bank loans of HK$75,179,000, all other bank loans and other
           borrowings of the Group are denominated in RMB.

           As at 31 December 2018 and 2017, the bank loans are granted by banks in the PRC and Hong Kong.

           Except for the bank loans of HK$1,087,004,000 (2017: HK$904,356,000) that were charged at fixed interest
           rate of 2.92% to 6.66% (2017: 4.57% to 7.20%) per annum, all other bank loans bear variable interest
           rates from 3.70% to 5.66% (2017: 2.65% to 6.65%) per annum.

           The Group has borrowed unsecured other borrowings of HK$20,491,000 (2017: HK$21,613,000) from
           Huangshi Zhongbang City Housing Investment Co., Ltd, independent third party, during the years ended
           31 December 2018 and 2017.




134     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2018




34. OBLIGATIONS UNDER FINANCE LEASES
   During the year ended 31 December 2015, the Group leased certain of its manufacturing equipment under
   finance lease. The lease term is 5 years. Interest rates underlying all obligations under finance leases are (i)
   1.033 times of; or (ii) 0.2% higher than the 1–5 years basic borrowing rate as promulgated by the People’s
   Bank of China, whichever is higher. At the end of the lease term of the Finance Lease Contract, Grand
   Pharm (China) will have the right to purchase these manufacturing equipment at a nominal purchase price
   of RMB100 (equivalent to approximately HK$112). No arrangement have been entered into for contingent
   rental payments.

   During the year ended 31 December 2016, the Group leased certain of its manufacturing equipment under
   finance lease from the business combination. The lease term is 3 years. Interest charges underlying all
   obligations under finance leases are fixed repayment on RMB474,907 and RMB474,598 (equivalent to
   approximately HK$532,183 and HK$531,836) and adjustment based on 0.1% higher or lower than the 1–5
   years basic borrowing rate as promulgated by the People’s Bank of China when it is amended during the
   lease term. At the end of the lease term of the finance lease contracts, Xi’an Beilin will have the right to
   purchase these manufacturing equipment at a nominal purchase price of RMB100 and RMB100 (equivalent to
   approximately HK$112 and HK$112). No arrangement have been entered into for contingent rental payments.

   During the year ended 31 December 2017, the Group leased certain of its manufacturing equipment under
   finance lease. The lease term is 3 years. Interest rates underlying all obligations under finance leases
   are (i) 1.033 times of; or (ii) 0.2% higher than the 1–5 years basic borrowing rate as promulgated by the
   People’s Bank of China, whichever is higher. At the end of the lease term of the Finance Lease Contract,
   Zhejiang Xianle will have the right to purchase these manufacturing equipment at a nominal purchase price
   of RMB100 (equivalent to approximately HK$120). No arrangement have been entered into for contingent
   rental payments.

   As at 31 December 2018 and 2017, the Group’s finance lease liabilities were repayable as follows:

                                                                                         2018               2017
                                                                                      HK$’000            HK$’000

   Amounts payable under finance leases:
   Within one year                                                                     59,882              68,858
   In the second to fifth year                                                         20,462              84,018

                                                                                       80,344             152,876
   Future finance charges on finance lease                                             (7,017)            (19,840)

   Present value of finance lease liabilities                                          73,327             133,036


   The present value of finance lease liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                         2018               2017
                                                                                      HK$’000            HK$’000

   Current portion                                                                     54,097              56,090
   Non-current portion                                                                 19,230              76,946

                                                                                       73,327             133,036


   The carrying amounts of the finance lease liabilities approximate their fair values. As at 31 December 2018
   and 2017, the Group has lease property, plant and equipment under finance leases with net book value of
   HK$177,235,000 (2017: HK$209,365,000).

                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018            135
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      35. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/(TO) RELATED COMPANIES
           Members of the shareholder of the Group have controlling interests over the related companies.

           The amounts due from/(to) related companies are unsecured, interest-free and recoverable/repayable on
           demand.

      36. CONVERTIBLE BONDS
           As at 31 December 2018, the carrying amount of convertible bonds amount of approximately HK$284,725,000
           (“Convertible bonds”). Each bond entitles the holder to convert to Company’s ordinary share at a conversion
           price of HK$1.35 and will be matured on 17 October 2019.

           The Company issued the Convertible bonds for the principal amount of HK$330 million to mainly finance
           the acquisition of 上海衛康光學眼鏡有限公司 (unofficially translated as “Shanghai Weicon Optics Co., Ltd.”)
           (the “Acquisition”) and general working capital. The Company does not have the intention to apply for the
           listing of the Convertible Bonds, therefore, an active market does not exist.

           However, the Acquisition has been terminated on 28 May 2015, the net proceeds from the issue of the
           convertible bonds will no longer be used to finance the Acquisition. As a result, the Directors intend to use
           such unused proceeds (i) for financing potential mergers and acquisitions when opportunities arise in the
           future; and (ii) as the general working capital of the Group.

           The Convertible bonds may be converted into shares of the Company at any time on or after issue date up
           to the close of business on the maturity date.

           Unless previously redeemed, converted, purchased and cancelled, the Company will redeem each Convertible
           bonds at its principal amount with accrued and unpaid interest thereon on the maturity date.

           The Convertible bonds bear interest from and including the issue date at 3% per annum in arrears on
           31 December in each year. The interest payable amount is calculated by 3% to outstanding principal amount
           of such Convertible bonds.

           The Convertible bonds contain two components: liability and equity elements. The equity element is presented
           in equity heading “convertible bonds equity reserve”. The effective interest rate of the liability component on
           initial recognition is 9.29% per annum. The valuation of Convertible bonds was performed by an independent
           qualified professional valuer of the Company.

           As at 31 December 2018, the Convertible bond with the principal amount of HK$300,000,000 (2017:
           HK$330,000,000) was outstanding and the maximum number of shares to be converted is 222,222,222
           shares (2017: 244,444,444 shares). There were 22,222,222 shares converted during the year.

           The carrying amounts of the Convertible bonds approximate to its fair value as at 31 December 2018 and
           2017.




136     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2018




36. CONVERTIBLE BONDS (Continued)
   The Convertible bonds information are presented as follows:

                                                                                         Convertible bonds
                                                                                                  HK$’000

   Principal amounts:
      – as at 31 December 2017                                                                    330,000
      – as at 31 December 2018                                                                    300,000
   Interest:                                                                            in HK$ settlement
                                                                                           3% p.a. payable
                                                                                               per annum
   Issue date:                                                                           17 October 2014
   Maturity date:                                                                        17 October 2019
   Conversion price per share:                                                                    HK$1.35

   Below is a summary of the valuation techniques used and the key inputs to the valuation of convertible
   bonds at issue date:

   – Valuation techniques                                                    Discounted cash flow method
   – Significant unobservable inputs
       Risk free rate                                                                              1.45%
       Volatility                                                                                 54.05%
       Discount rate                                                                     9.15% to 10.38%

   The convertible bonds recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position were calculated as
   follows:

                                                                                         Convertible bonds
                                                                                                  HK$’000

   At 1 January 2017                                                                              276,453

   Imputed interest charge (note 10)                                                               27,405
   Less: interest paid                                                                             (9,900)

   At 31 December 2017 and 1 January 2018                                                         293,958

   Imputed interest charge (note 10)                                                                26,977
   Less: interest paid                                                                              (9,165)
   Less: converted                                                                                 (27,045)

   At 31 December 2018                                                                            284,725




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2018           137
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      37. BOND PAYABLES
                                                                                             2018             2017
                                                                                          HK$’000          HK$’000

           Listed corporate bond                                                          113,562          119,474


           On 1 December 2016, the Group issued a listed corporate bond at a principal amount of RMB100,000,000
           (equivalent to approximately HK$112,061,000) which is unsecured, bears a fixed interest rate of 5.49% per
           annum in first three years and is fully redeemable by the Group after 5 years from the issue date at its
           principal amount of RMB100,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$112,061,000).

           The bond payables have been approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission as part of the
           proposed corporate bond offerings to qualified investors in Shenzhen Stock Exchange. The Group has an
           option to adjust the coupon rate, and bond holders have an option to resell to the issuer, at the end of
           the third interest-bearing year.

           The effective interest rate of the unlisted corporate bond is approximately 5.67%.

           The movement of the unlisted corporate bond is set out as below:

                                                                                                           HK$’000

           Unlisted corporate bond issued at 1 January 2017                                                111,237
           Imputed interest charged                                                                          6,603
           Less: Coupon interest payable                                                                    (6,329)
           Exchange realignment                                                                              7,963

           At 31 December 2017 and 1 January 2018                                                          119,474
           Imputed interest charged                                                                          6,805
           Less: Coupon interest payable                                                                    (6,506)
           Exchange realignment                                                                             (6,211)

           At 31 December 2018                                                                             113,562




138     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2018




38. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES
   The followings are the major deferred tax liabilities recognised and movements thereof during the current
   and prior years:

                                                            Property, plant
                                                            and equipment
                                                Intangible     and prepaid    Investment      Convertible
                                                    assets lease payments      properties         bonds        Total
                                                 HK$’000          HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000

   At 1 January 2017                              135,435           36,645         9,391           7,611    189,082
   Credited to profit or loss (note 11)            (1,999)          (1,744)         (114)         (2,449)    (6,306)
   Exchange realignment                             9,598            2,541           667               –     12,806

   At 31 December 2017 and 1 January 2018         143,034           37,442         9,944           5,162    195,582
   Credited to profit or loss (note 11)            (2,056)          (1,797)            –          (2,501)    (6,354)
   Credited to equity                                   –                –             –            (488)      (488)
   Exchange realignment                            (7,340)          (1,872)         (516)              –     (9,728)

   At 31 December 2018                            133,638           33,773         9,428           2,173    179,012


   Under the EIT Law of the PRC, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned
   by the PRC subsidiaries from 1 January 2008 onwards. Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the
   consolidated financial statements in respect of temporary differences attributable to accumulated profits of
   the PRC subsidiaries amounting to HK$222,153,000 (2017: HK$161,000,000) as the Group is able to control
   the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will
   not reverse in the foreseeable future.

39. AMOUNT DUE TO IMMEDIATE HOLDING COMPANY
   As at 31 December 2018 and 2017, the amount is unsecured, interest bearing at 5% per annum and
   repayable on demand.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018         139
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      40. DEFERRED INCOME
           The movement of deferred income is set out below:

                                                                                                                           HK$’000

           At 1 January 2017                                                                                               585,500
           Exchange realignment                                                                                             46,753

           At 31 December 2017 and 1 January 2018                                                                          632,253
           Exchange realignment                                                                                            (36,359)

           At 31 December 2018                                                                                             595,894

           Note 1

           On 5 February 2010, Grand Pharm (China) received a notice from Wuhan Municipal Government requesting it to relocate
           its existing production facilities to other places. According to the required land resumption procedures, Grand Pharm
           (China) submitted to the relevant municipal authorities an application for resumption of state-owned land use rights
           on 10 November 2010. Pursuant to the submission by Grand Pharm (China), the Land Reserve Centre had agreed to
           resume the land and buildings, structure and attachments (including immovable plant and equipment) located thereon
           and thereunder at the place where the production facilities of Grand Pharm (China) are situated (the “PRC Property”).

           On 25 November 2010, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with the Land Reserve Centre (the “Agreement”)
           which provides for detailed provisions as to Grand Pharm (China)’s agreement to surrender the PRC Property to the Land
           Reserve Centre and to relocate its production facilities to other locations and the Land Reserve Centre’s agreement to
           compensate for the resumption of the PRC Property and the relocation of the production facilities by Grand Pharm (China)
           (the “Relocation”). The compensation, as mutually agreed between Grand Pharm (China) and the Land Reserve Centre,
           amounts to RMB855,000,000 (the “Compensation”) and will be settled by instalments in the way as further detailed below.

           Pursuant to the Agreement, the Compensation for the Relocation of RMB855,000,000 is comprising (i) a relocation
           commencement fee of RMB100,000,000; (ii) compensation for loss of profits of RMB85,500,000; and (iii) other
           compensation of RMB669,500,000, which shall be payable by the Land Reserve Centre to Grand Pharm (China) as follows:

           (a)   RMB171,000,000, which includes the relocation commencement fee of RMB100,000,000 (equivalent to
                 approximately HK$114,943,000), is payable within 30 working days from the effective date of the Agreement (the
                 “First Instalment”). This amount was received by Grand Pharm (China) during the year ended 31 December 2010
                 upon the fulfillment of certain conditions by the Group, which includes the procurement and provision of documents
                 necessary for the initiation of the Relocation. The remaining amount of RMB71,000,000 (equivalent to approximately
                 HK$83,529,000) was also received by Grand Pharm (China) during the year ended 31 December 2010.

           (b)   RMB85,500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$105,329,000), is payable within 30 working days upon completion
                 of the responsibilities of Grand Pharm (China) as stated in Clauses 11(1)(i) and (ii) of the Agreement, which
                 include, among other things, the surrender of all relevant documents in respect of the PRC Property to the Land
                 Reserve Centre for deregistering the title to land within 15 days after the effective date of the Agreement, and the
                 commencement of the relocation plan and construction of production facilities at the new location(s) (the “Second
                 Payment”). This amount was received by Grand Pharm (China) during the year ended 31 December 2011.




140     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2018




40. DEFERRED INCOME (Continued)
   Note 1 (Continued)

   (c)   RMB427,500,000, being 50% of the Compensation, is payable commencing from the completion of the Second
         Payment, by semi-annual instalments of RMB85,500,000 each, and shall pay within 30 days of the last month
         of each instalment period until completion of the payment for the last instalment or until completion of relocation
         and delivery of vacant possession of the PRC Property to the Land Reserve Centre by Grand Pharm (China) (in
         which case the instalment payments will be consolidated or accelerated), whichever is earlier. During the year
         ended 31 December 2011 and 2013, RMB85,500,000 and RMB283,500,000 (equivalent to approximately
         HK$105,330,000 and HK$357,580,000) were received by Grand Pharm (China) respectively. During the year ended
         31 December 2014, RMB58,500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$73,629,000) was received by Grand Pharm
         (China).

   (d)   the last instalment of RMB171,000,000 is payable within 30 days upon completion of relocation and delivery of
         vacant possession of the PRC Property to the Land Reserve Centre by Grand Pharm (China) and the receipt of all
         title documents in respect of the PRC Property by the Land Reserve Centre from Grand Pharm (China). During the
         year ended 31 December 2014, RMB171,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$215,219,000) was received by
         Grand Pharm (China).

   The Compensation received or which becomes receivable is initially recognised as deferred income and subsequently
   recognised as income in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group recognises as expenses
   the related costs for which the Compensation is intended to compensate. The Compensation which is intended for expenses
   of losses already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the entity with no future related
   costs is recognised in profit or loss of the period in which it is received or becomes receivable.

   The relocation commencement fee of RMB100,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$114,943,000), being part of the
   First Instalment, was received by Grand Pharm (China) upon the fulfillment of certain conditions by the Group, which included
   the procurement and provision of documents necessary for the initiation of the Relocation. The relocation commencement
   fee was recognised in the profit for the year ended 31 December 2010 upon the fulfillment of the aforesaid conditions
   by the Group.

   The remaining part of the Compensation of RMB755,000,000 is intended to compensate the Group for (i) loss of profit
   as to the amount of RMB85,500,000 and (ii) the cost of removing the production facilities, the cost of establishing new
   production facilities in other places and the estimated future appreciation in value of the land as included in the PRC
   Property and other related expenses. The Compensation related to depreciable assets is recognised in profit or loss
   over the periods and in the proportion in which depreciation expense on those assets is recognised. The Compensation
   related to the loss of profits and expenses of removing the production facilities is recognised in profit or loss in the
   same period as the recognition of the relevant loss or expenses. In the event that the relevant loss or expenses are
   unable to be identified, the recognition of the related part of the Compensation to profit or loss will be deferred until
   the completion of the Relocation. During the years ended 31 December 2010 and 2011, the Group has received part of
   the Compensation of RMB71,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$83,529,000) and RMB171,000,000 (equivalent
   to approximately HK$210,659,000) respectively. During the years ended 31 December 2012, the Group did not receive
   any Compensation. During the years ended 31 December 2013 and 2014, the Group has received part of Compensation
   of RMB283,500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$357,580,000) and RMB229,500,000 (equivalent to approximately
   HK$288,848,000) respectively.

   As at 31 December 2018 and 2017, the Group did not achieve all consideration and obtain the approval from the PRC
   Government.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2018               141
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      41. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                               Number of shares at                      Share capital at
                                                            31 December      31 December           31 December       31 December
                                                                   2018             2017                  2018              2017
                                                                   ’000             ’000               HK$’000           HK$’000

           Authorised
           Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each                  100,000,000         100,000,000           1,000,000          1,000,000

           Issued and fully paid
           At 1 January 2018 and 2017                          2,237,012          2,237,012              22,370             22,370
           Exercise of convertible bond (note (a))                22,222                  –                 222                  –
           Right issue (note (b))                                394,146                  –               3,941                  –
           Issued under subscription (note (c))                  481,445                  –               4,815                  –

           At 31 December 2018                                 3,134,825          2,237,012              31,348             22,370


           Notes:

           (a)      On 8 March 2018, the Company issued of ordinary shares to the convertible bonds holders of 22,222,222 shares
                    of par value HK$0.01 as result of the conversion of bond with principal amount of HK$30,000,000.

           (b)      On 5 September 2018, the Company placed to the qualifying shareholders of 394,146,288 shares of par value
                    HK$0.01 each at a placing price of HK$5.20 for a total consideration, before expenses, of HK$2,049,560,000.
                    The proceeds used for paying the Company’s funding contribution in relation to the Sirtex Acquisition.

           (c)      On 15 January 2018, the Company placed to Mr. Huang Xiaohua of 47,750,000 shares of par value HK0.01 each
                    at placing price of HK$2.24 for total consideration, before expenses, of HK$106,960,000. The proceeds of the
                    subscription was used to replenish the Company’s cash used for acquisition.

                    On 24 August 2018, the Company issued the consideration shares to GL Saino Investment Limited of 181,069,959
                    of par value HK$0.01 each at issue price of HK$4.20, for total consideration, before expenses of HK$760,494,000.
                    The proceeds of the issue of shares was used as cash payment in relation of acquisition of Taiwan Tung Yang
                    International Company Limited.

                    On 31 August 2018, 7, September 2018 and 3 October 2018, the Company placed to Shanghai China Grand Asset
                    Finance Investment Management Co., Limited of 36,020,000, 34,100,000 and 137,504,950 of par value HK$0.01
                    each at placing price HK$5.00 respectively for total consideration, before expense, of HK$1,038,124,750. The
                    proceeds used for paying the acquisition of Taiwan Tung Yang International Company Limited and the Company’s
                    general working capital.

                    On 12 September 2018, the Company placed to Oasis Investment II Master Fund Ltd of 45,000,000 of par value
                    HK$0.01 each at issue price of HK$5.20, for total consideration, before expenses of HK$234,000,000. The
                    proceeds mainly be used as the cash payment in relation to the Sirtex Acquisition.




142     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2018




42. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                 2018               2017
                                                                              HK$’000            HK$’000

   Non-current assets
     Interest in an associate                                               2,969,205            244,281
     Interests in subsidiaries                                              3,247,678            735,835

                                                                            6,216,883            980,116

   Current assets
     Other receivables                                                           1,248              1,220
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                  14,760              3,926

                                                                                16,008              5,146

   Current liability
     Other payables                                                           363,784                 402

                                                                              363,784                 402

   Net current (liabilities)/assets                                           (347,776)             4,744

   Total assets less current liabilities                                    5,869,107            984,860

   Non-current liabilities
     Amount due to immediate holding company                                   17,603             23,368
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                   2,172              5,167
     Convertible bonds                                                        284,725            293,958

                                                                              304,500            322,493

   Net assets                                                               5,564,607            662,367

   Capital and reserves attributable to owners of the Company
     Share capital                                                             31,348             22,370
     Reserves                                                               5,533,259            639,997

   Total equity                                                             5,564,607            662,367


   The financial statement was approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors of the Company
   on 26 March 2019 and are signed on its behalf by:




                       Liu Chengwei                                     Shao Yan
                          Director                                       Director




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2018           143
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      42. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE OF THE COMPANY
          (Continued)

           Movements of the Company’s reserve

                                                                                                      Accumulated
                                                                                       Convertible         losses/
                                                          Share      Contributed           Bonds          Retailed
                                                       premium           surplus          reserve         earnings            Total
                                                       HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000

           At 1 January 2017                           660,537          121,273            72,577         (165,059)        689,328
           Loss and total comprehensive
             loss for the year                                 –                –                –         (49,331)        (49,331)

           Total comprehensive loss
             for the year                                      –                –                –         (49,331)        (49,331)

           At 31 December 2017 and
             1 January 2018                            660,537          121,273            72,577         (214,390)        639,997
           Profit and total comprehensive
             profit for the year                               –                –                –        508,295          508,295

           Total comprehensive profit
             for the year                                      –                –                –        508,295          508,295

           Exercise of convertible bond                 33,908                  –                –                –         33,908
           Right issue                               2,045,619                  –                –                –      2,045,619
           Issued under subscription                 2,314,023                  –                –                –      2,314,023
           Issuance costs                               (1,985)                 –                –                –         (1,985)

           Equity components of convertible
             bond                                              –                –          (6,598)                –          (6,598)

           At 31 December 2018                       5,052,102          121,273            65,979         293,905        5,533,259


           Note:   Under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda (as amended), no dividend shall be paid or distribution be made out
                   of contributed surplus if to do so would render the Company unable to pay its liabilities as they become due or
                   the realisable value of its assets would thereby become less than the aggregate of its liabilities and its issued
                   share capital and share premium account.




144     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2018




43. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   (a)   In addition to the balances with associate as disclosed in note 19, related companies as disclosed
         in note 35 and immediate holding company as disclosed in note 39 and Subscription 2 as disclosed
         in note 41(b), during the years ended 31 December 2018 and 2017, the Group entered into following
         transactions with its related parties:

                                                                                                2018              2017
                                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000

         Interest charged to the Group by immediate holding company
            (note (i), note 10)                                                                  255                434
         Sales of goods to Yangxin Fuxin (note (ii))                                           2,723              2,139
         Purchases of goods from Yangxin Fuxin (note (ii))                                    16,513                105

         Sales of goods to the companies with common controlling
            shareholder:
         華東醫藥股份有限公司 (unofficially translated as “Huadong
            Medicine Co. Ltd” (note (iii))                                                   100,751             42,022
         中國遠大集團有限責任公司 (unofficially translated as “China
            Grand Enterprises Incorporation” (note (iii))                                     10,558                919

         Purchase of goods from the Companies with common controlling
            shareholder:
         江蘇遠大信誼藥業有限公司 (unofficially translated as “Jiangsu
            Grand Xin Yi Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd” (note (iii))                                        –              942
         保定九孚生化有限公司 (unofficially translated as “Baoding Jiufu
            Biochemical Company Limited” (note (iii))                                           1,130                  –


         Notes:

         (i)      Interest was charged on an amount due to the immediate holding company as disclosed in note 39.

         (ii)     Transactions were conducted with terms mutually agreed with the contracting parties.

         (iii)    The transactions constitute continuously connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
                  Please also refer to “Continuing Connected Transactions” under “Report of the Directors”.

   (b)   Details of the financial guarantee given by China Grand Enterprises Incorporation to banks in respect
         of the loans granted to the Group as at 31 December 2018 and 2017 are set out in note 33.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2018           145
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      43. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
           (c)   Compensation of key management personnel

                 The remuneration of directors and other members of key management during the year was as follows:

                                                                                               2018               2017
                                                                                            HK$’000            HK$’000


                 Short-term benefits                                                          9,304              6,540
                 Post-employment benefits                                                        63                 60


                                                                                              9,367              6,600


                 The remuneration of directors and key executives is determined by the board of directors having regard
                 to the performance of individuals and market trends.

      44. PLEDGE OF ASSETS
           The Group has pledged the following assets to secure the bank borrowings and banking facilities granted
           to the Group:

                                                                                               2018               2017
                                                                                            HK$’000            HK$’000


           Prepaid lease payments (note 18)                                                  5,833              5,733
           Buildings (note 16)                                                             116,934            128,381
           Plant and machinery (note 16)                                                   127,395            145,862
           Pledged bank deposits (note 30)                                                  73,515             25,549

                                                                                           323,677            305,525


      45. COMMITMENTS

           (a) Operating lease commitment

                 The Group as lessee

                 At the end of the reporting period, the Group had commitments for future minimum lease payments
                 under non-cancellable operating leases in respect of land and buildings which fall due as follows:

                                                                                               2018               2017
                                                                                            HK$’000            HK$’000


                 Within one year                                                              3,866              2,688
                 In the second to fifth year inclusive                                        3,164              2,063

                                                                                              7,030              4,751




146     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2018




45. COMMITMENTS (Continued)

   (a) Operating lease commitment (Continued)

        The Group as lessee (Continued)

        Operating lease payments represent rentals payable by the Group for certain of its office properties.
        Leases are negotiated for an average term of one to three years and rentals are fixed for an average
        of one to three years.

        The Group as lessor

        The Group sub-leases certain of its office premises under operating lease arrangement. The rental
        income earned during the year was approximately HK$485,000 (2017: HK$531,000). The Group had
        future minimum lease receipts from tenants under non-cancellable operating lease which fall due as
        follows:

                                                                                          2018               2017
                                                                                       HK$’000            HK$’000


        Within one year                                                                    451                351
        In the second to fifth year inclusive                                              362                 28

                                                                                           813                379


   (b) Capital commitment

                                                                                          2018               2017
                                                                                       HK$’000            HK$’000


        Capital expenditure contracted but not provided for:
        Acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                   13,474              33,603


46. RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES
   The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefits scheme (the “MPF
   Scheme”) under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance. Under the MPF Scheme,
   employees are required to contribute 5% of their monthly salaries or up to a maximum of HK$1,500 (2017:
   HK$1,500) and they can choose to make additional contributions. Employers’ monthly contributions are
   calculated at 5% of the employee’s monthly salaries or up to a maximum of HK$1,500 (2017: HK$1,500)
   (the “mandatory contributions”). Employees are entitled to 100% of the employer’s mandatory contributions
   upon their retirement at the age of 65, death or total incapacity.

   Employees of the subsidiaries and an associate in the PRC are members of the state-sponsored pension
   scheme operated by the PRC government. The subsidiaries and an associate were required to contribute a
   certain percentage of the payroll of their staff to the pension scheme to fund the benefits. The only obligation
   of the Group with respect to the pension scheme is to make the required contributions.

   There were no forfeited contributions utilised to offset employers’ contributions for the year. And at the end
   of the reporting period, there was no forfeited contribution available to reduce the contributions payable in
   the future years.

   The total costs charged to profit or loss of approximately HK$55,089,000 (2017: HK$51,255,000) represents
   contributions payable to these schemes by the Group in respect of the current accounting period.

                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018            147
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      47. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
           The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash
           and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flow were, or future
           cashflows will be classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows from financing activities.

                                                    Amount
                                                     due to                              Obligations
                                                 immediate                                     under    Bank and
                                                    holding        Bond    Convertible       finance        other
                                                   company       payable       bonds          leases   borrowings       Total
                                                   HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000

           At 1 January 2017                        23,247      111,237      276,453       157,413 2,377,699 2,946,049
           Accrued interest                            434        6,603       27,405        15,741     124,244     174,427
           Financing cash outflows paid               (313)           –            –       (50,150) (1,801,587) (1,852,050)
           Interest paid                                 –            –       (9,900)      (15,741)   (124,244) (149,885)
           Interest payable                              –       (6,329)           –             –           –      (6,329)
           Financing cash inflows                        –            –            –        23,056 1,702,206 1,725,262
           Non-cash changes                              –            –            –        (7,115)          –      (7,115)
           Exchange realignment                          –        7,963            –         9,832     165,851     183,646

           At 31 December 2017 and
              1 January 2018                        23,368      119,474      293,958       133,036 2,444,169 3,014,005
           Accrued interest                            255        6,805       26,977        11,606     157,653     203,296
           Financing cash outflows paid             (6,020)           –            –       (54,972) (2,165,686) (2,226,678)
           Interest paid                                 –            –       (9,165)      (11,606)   (157,653) (178,424)
           Interest payable                              –       (6,506)           –             –           –      (6,506)
           Financing cash inflows                        –            –            –             – 1,976,448 1,976,448
           Non-cash changes                              –            –      (27,045)            –           –     (27,045)
           Exchange realignment                          –       (6,211)           –        (4,737)   (100,093) (111,041)

           At 31 December 2018                      17,603      113,562      284,725        73,327     2,154,838    2,644,055


      48. LITIGATION
           With reference to the disclosure in the 2016 and 2017 annual report and 2018 interim report of the Company,
           Tianjin Jingming New Technology Development Co., Ltd. (the “Tianjin Jingming”), an indirect non-wholly owned
           subsidiary of the Company, is undertaking certain litigations related to a product quality incident, and it
           is also claiming the original shareholders of the Tianjin Jingming for the indemnification of those possible
           loss suffered by the Company. Up to 31 December 2018, the court has concluded 21 cases, and Tianjin
           Jingming has appealed 49 cases against the judgement of first instance with aggregate compensation of
           approximately RMB20.70 million. Among the final and effective judgements, Tianjin Jingming has paid the
           compensation and the related legal charges of approximately RMB8.91 million in according to the court
           order. The other related litigations of the product quality incident have not yet been concluded. Given that
           (1) such product is not the core product of the Group, and (2) according to the terms of the agreement
           for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming should be responsible
           for the compensation of such product incident until 30 June 2015, and GrandPharma (China) Co., Ltd. is
           also claiming the original shareholders of the Tianjin Jingming for the indemnification of those possible loss
           suffered. Hence, the Directors are of the view that the said incident and the related litigations do not have
           material impact to the Group.




148     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2018




48. LITIGATION (Continued)
    According to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the vendors have undertaken
    to the Group that the net profit after tax (the “Actual Profit”) from domestic sales (only include the net profit
    generated from domestic sales and shall not include the profit generated from the sales of irrigating solutions
    (灌注液)) of Tianjin Jingming for the period commencing on 1 January 2015 and ending on 30 June 2015
    shall not be less than RMB5 million (the “Performance Guarantee”). If the above Performance Guarantee
    cannot be met, the Group can claim for a refund of part of the consideration in according to the formula set
    out in the announcement of the Company dated 22 December 2014. The Group was in a litigation against
    those vendors in related to the said Performance Guarantee, and in July 2017 obtained the judgement of first
    instance from the court and received the final judgement from the court in February 2018. It is concluded
    that the Group can get back the RMB10 million share transfer consideration currently deposited in the
    bank account jointly controlled by the Group and the vendors. The vendors should also additionally refund
    approximately RMB21.2 million share transfer consideration to the Group in according to the terms of the
    agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming. However, the vendors subsequently applied for rehearing
    of the aforesaid judgement, and the matter will be reheard according to the court’s judgement in December
    2018, which is currently scheduling.

    In June 2016, the Group has successfully applied to the court to freeze RMB20,000,000 (equivalent to
    approximately HK$22,414,000) assets of the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming, an indirect non-wholly
    owned subsidiary of the Company since January 2015 in order to secure the Group’s pending responsibilities
    regarding certain litigations related to an incident as stated in a press release issued by the China Food
    and Drug Administration (the “CFDA”) on 14 April 2016, which is about a product quality incident related
    to some Ophthalmic Perfluoro propane Gases produced by Tianjin Jingming. According to the terms of the
    sales and purchase agreement in relation to the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the original shareholders
    of Tianjin Jingming should be responsible for such product incident. The Group is claiming them for their
    responsibilities and also indemnified those related losses suffered by the Group.

    (a)   Writ issued in PRC by China Pharm (China) and original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming

          Although such product incident is still under investigation, being taking up the social responsibilities
          and fulfilling related requirements, the Group had recalled all products of the related batches and
          also temporary suspended the production and sales of such related products. According to the terms
          of the Tianjin Jingming acquisition agreement, Tianjin Jingming had already fully settled the penalty
          of approximately RMB5,190,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$5,816,000) imposed by the CFDA.
          As at the date of this report, Tianjin Jingming is undertaking certain claim actions for approximately
          RMB21,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$23,535,000) given to the above incident. Given
          that (i) referring to the opinions from the professional organised by the CFDA, it is unable to identify
          the impurity that caused the product incident with the existing technology and it will need further
          investigation and research to find out the cause thereof; (ii) Ophthalmic Perfluoro propane Gases is
          not the core product of the Group, the Board considers that the suspension of the production of such
          product and the recall of the relevant batches by Tianjin Jingming do not have any material impact on
          the Group’s operations or financial position; and (iii) according to the terms of the Tianjin Jingming
          Acquisition Agreement, the original shareholders of the Tianjin Jingming should responsible for the
          compensation of such product incident. Hence, the Directors are of the view that the said incident
          and related litigations do not have material impact to the Group. For the detail information, please
          refer to the Group’s interim report date on 20 September 2016.

          On 22 August 2016, original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming filed its objection to the Rulings of
          Enforcement to the Wuhan Intermediate People’s Court.

          On 5 September 2016, the Group received the Wuhan Intermediate People’s Court’s dismissal to its
          objection.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2018            149
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      48. LITIGATION (Continued)
           (b)   Writs issued in PRC by Tianjin Jingming and certain plaintiffs

                 In April and September 2016, the Group received writs issued by certain plaintiffs against Tianjin
                 Jingming (as defendant) and demand for payment with claiming of plaintiffs legal charges.

                 On 17 January 2017, Tianjin Jingming received judgments dated 17 January 2017 issued by Beijing
                 Haidian District People’s Court. The court made orders to request Tianjin Jingming to provide the
                 compensation payment with the relevant legal charges of approximately RMB3,952,000 (equivalent to
                 approximately HK$4,619,000).

                 As at the date of this report, the court has concluded 46 cases, and Tianjin Jingming has appealed 20
                 cases with aggregate compensation of approximately RMB19.3 million. For the remaining cases, Tianjin
                 Jingming has paid the compensation and the related legal charges of approximately RMB4.3 million in
                 according to the court order, and the remaining compensation of approximately RMB4.1 million will be
                 paid in 2018. The other related litigations of the product quality incident have not yet been concluded.
                 Given that (1) such product is not the core product of the Group, and (2) according to the terms of
                 the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming
                 should be responsible for the compensation of such product incident, and GrandPharma (China) is
                 also claiming the original shareholders of the Tianjin Jingming for the indemnification of those possible
                 loss suffered. Hence, the Directors are of the view that the said incident and the related litigations
                 do not have material impact to the Group.

           (c)   Writs issued in PRC by Grand Pharm (China)

                 Except the above litigation related to the product incident of Tianjin Jingming, according to the terms of
                 the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the vendors have undertaken to the Group that
                 the net profit after tax (the “Actual Profit”) from domestic sales (only include the net profit generated
                 from domestic sales and shall not include the profit generated from the sales of irrigating solutions
                 (灌注液)) of Tianjin Jingming for the period commencing on 1 January 2015 and ending on 30 June
                 2015 shall not be less than RMB5 million (the“Performance Guarantee”). If the above Performance
                 Guarantee cannot be met, the Group can claim for a refund of part of the consideration in according
                 to the formula set out in the announcement of the Company dated 22 December 2014. The Group
                 was in a litigation against those vendors in related to the said Performance Guarantee, and in July
                 2017 obtained the judgement of first instance from the court and received the final judgement from the
                 court in February 2018 It is concluded that the Group can get back the RMB10 million share transfer
                 consideration currently deposited in the bank account jointly controlled by the Group and the vendors.
                 The vendors should also additionally refund approximately RMB21.2 million share transfer consideration
                 to the Group in according to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming.

           Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2018, so far as the Directors were aware, the Group was not
           engaged in any litigation or claims of material importance, and no litigation or claims of material importance
           are pending or threatened against the Group.

      49. MAJOR NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS
           During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group acquired an associate, Xudong Haipu, with cash
           consideration unpaid amounted to approximately HK$ 350,632,000 (note 32) and share consideration of
           approximately HK$ 939,753,000.




150     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2018




49. MAJOR NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   During the year ended 31 December 2017, Grand Pharm (China) acquire additional 22.79% of Xian Beilin from
   the non-controlling interests of Xian Beilin at a cash consideration of RMB131,512,000. As at 31 December
   2017, the cash consideration was unpaid and the amount of approximately HK$157,908,000 was included
   in the Group’s accruals and other payables balances (note 32).

   During the year ended 31 December 2017, the Group and the owners of Xian Qiannian deregistered Xian
   Qiannian. As a result, the Group derecognised Xian Qiannian as an associate of the Group during the year.

   The Group entered in the above non-cash investing activities which are not reflected in the consolidated
   statement of cash flows.

   The effects of the above equity translations are presented in non-controlling interests and other reserve.

50. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
   The Group had no significant events after the end of the reporting period.

51. COMPARATIVE FIGURES
   Certain comparative amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year’s presentation.

52. APPROVAL OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
   The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on
   26 March 2019.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2018          151
      Financial Summary
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      RESULTS

                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                  2018           2017          2016         2015           2014
                                               HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000

      Revenue                                5,958,355      4,770,850    3,696,164      3,245,546     3,122,116

      Profit before tax                        883,899        558,939      313,964        240,563       202,921
      Income tax expense                      (147,460)       (73,181)     (44,602)       (40,156)      (27,198)

      Profit for the year                      736,439        485,758      269,362        200,407       175,723


      ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                  2018           2017         2016           2015          2014
                                               HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000

      Total assets                          13,496,659      8,062,791     7,141,947      6,633,385     4,990,681
      Total liabilities                     (6,062,032)    (5,603,190)   (5,165,860)    (5,229,046)   (3,682,314)

      Net assets                             7,434,627      2,459,601    1,976,087      1,404,339     1,308,367




152      China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
