                       2020
                        Annual Report
China Grand Pharmaceutical and
    Healthcare Holdings Limited
遠大醫藥健康控股有限公司
     (Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)
                              Stock Code: 00512
Contents
                                                          Pages

Corporate Information                                        2

Corporate Profile                                            3

Financial Summary                                           20

Management Discussion and Analysis                          24

Corporate Governance Report                                 49

Environment, Social and Governance Report                   55

Report of the Directors                                     67

Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management     78

Independent Auditors’ Report                                80

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
 Other Comprehensive Income                                 87

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                88

Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity                 90

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                        92

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements              94
Corporate Information



EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                                AUDITORS
Mr. Liu Chengwei (Chairman)                                        HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
Mr. Hu Bo (Deputy Chairman)                                        Certified Public Accountants
Dr. Shao Yan (Chief Executive Officer)
Dr. Niu Zhanqi                                                     LEGAL ADVISERS
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE                                          As to Bermuda Law:
DIRECTORS                                                          Conyers Dill & Pearman

Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie
                                                                   As to Hong Kong Law:
Mr. Hu Yebi
                                                                   Loeb & Loeb LLP
Dr. Pei Geng

COMPANY SECRETARY                                                  PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
Mr. Foo Tin Chung, Victor                                          MUFG Fund Services (Bermuda) Limited
                                                                   The Belvedere Building
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                                         69 Pitts Bay Road
                                                                   Pembroke HM08
Mr. Liu Chengwei
                                                                   Bermuda
Mr. Foo Tin Chung, Victor

AUDIT COMMITTEE                                                    HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
                                                                   REGISTRAR
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie (Chairwoman)
Mr. Hu Yebi                                                        Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Dr. Pei Geng                                                       Shops 1712–1716, Hopewell Centre
                                                                   183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
                                                                   PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie (Chairwoman)
Mr. Liu Chengwei                                                   HSBC
Mr. Hu Yebi                                                        Bank of China
                                                                   Bank of Communications
NOMINATION COMMITTEE
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie (Chairwoman)                               REGISTERED OFFICE
Dr. Shao Yan                                                       Clarendon House, 2 Church Street
Mr. Hu Yebi
                                                                   Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda

WEBSITE
                                                                   PRINCIPAL OFFICE
www.chinagrandpharm.com
                                                                   Units 3302, The Center,
                                                                   99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong




2     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                                                Corporate Profile


China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively
referred to as the “Group”) is a an international pharmaceutical company of technological innovation. The core
products of the Group cover the anti-tumor, cardiovascular emergency pharmaceutical products and advanced
cerebro-cardiovascular intervention advanced medical devices, anti-virus and anti-infection, respiratory and ENT,
bio-health products and specialized pharmaceutical ingredients. The Group has mainly focused on four business
scopes, namely “innovative drugs with high entry barriers”, “branded drugs”, “integration of raw materials”, and
“nutrition products”. There are three major segments of global innovation and technology leadership, namely
precision interventional diagnosis and treatment, Radionuclide-drug conjugate (“RDC”) and immunotherapy, to be
carried out with a forward-looking view by the Group. The Group has taken part in four technology R&D platforms
and five major R&D centers around the world.

In 2020, due to the impact of COVID-19 epidemic, the Group recorded a revenue of approximately HK$6,350 million,
representing a slightly decrease of approximately 3.6% as compared to the corresponding period in 2019. Through
the optimization of its profit structure, expansion of the out-of-hospital market and increase in fair value of strategic
equity investment, the Group’s profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company during the year reached
approximately HK$1,790 million, with an increment of 55.8% as compared with the same period of last year. If the
gain from fair value change of strategic investment in Telix is excluded, the Group’s profit attributable to the owners
of the Company amounted to approximately HK$1,520 million, increased by approximately 32.5% as compared to
the same period of last year.

Since the Group has a strong industrial foundation and a complete industrial chain with outstanding comprehensive
advantages in pharmaceutical raw materials and preparations integration, it is listed as an emergency medicines
manufacturer for national ready reserve, a national essential medicines base and a national centralized production
base for minority-variety medicines, etc., laying a solid foundation for the sustained and stable growth of the Group’s
result. Moreover, the Group has more than 90 products included in the Chinese National List of Essential Drugs (2018
Version), more than 200 products included in the National Drug List for Basic Medical Reimbursement, Work-Related
Injury Reimbursement and Maternity Reimbursement (2019 Version). A total of seven products have been approved
to pass the consistency evaluation, including sodium bicarbonate tablets, metronidazole tablets, trimetazidine
tablets, glipizide tablets, finasteride tablets, captopril tablets and milrinone injection, among which, five products
(namely sodium bicarbonate tablets, metronidazole tablets, trimetazidine tablets, glipizide tablets and finasteride
tablets) have won the bid for the national centralized procurement of medicines.

The Group has obvious advantages in traditional fields such as the respiratory and ENT, and cardiovascular
emergency preparations. While a number of barrier products and exclusive products with leading market share make
a stable contribution, the Group has also reserved three innovative products in the late clinical stage, including the
treatment of “dry eye disease”, “pterygium” and “allergic rhinitis”, which are expected to be gradually introduced in
the PRC in the coming few years. The Group will continue to adopt the R&D concept of combining innovator and
generic to create a product cluster, and keep consolidating its leadership in this segment in the future. The Group
has established a long-term and stable cooperative relationship with many overseas high-quality customers in the
field of bio-health products, which constitutes an important support for the Group’s sustained and stable business
performance.

Meanwhile, by fully capitalising “accurate and stable business development capabilities at home and abroad, the
introduction and digestion of international leading technologies, excellent marketing and sales capabilities”, the
Group is aiming at the frontier areas of technological innovation. With the strategy of “building a wall, deepening
exploration, storing reserves” and the vision of internationalization and technological innovation, the Group
continues to expand and reach a new business growth point, deeply expanding three core therapeutic areas, i.e.
“cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment”, “anti-tumor” and “anti-virus and anti-
infection”.

                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020         3
Corporate Profile


The field of “cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis” concerns on five directions, i.e. vascular
intervention, neurointervention, structural cardiac disease, electrophysiology and heart failure. For the purpose of a
comprehensive deployment, a product cluster of technologically innovative high-end medical device is in place.
Currently, there are six products covering three major directions, two of them have been approved for launch in the
PRC, and the remaining four are expected to be approved for launch in the PRC before the end of 2025. Among
which, two products of vascular intervention, namely RESTORE DEB, which is the only innovative coronary
intervention drug coating balloon product in the market with two indications of de novo coronary artery lesions and
in-stent restenosis, and APERTO OTW, which is the first renal dialysis drug coating balloon product of hemodialysis
patient, have been approved for launch in the PRC. The product LEGFLOW OTW for peripheral vascular diseases has
also entered into clinical research stage and is expected to be approved for launch in 2024. The NOVASIGHT Hybrid,
a coronary diagnosis product, can simultaneously show the ultrasound and optical image. It was enrolled in the
special review approval process of innovative medical device in 2019, and is expected to obtain the approval for
launch in the PRC in 2023. For structural cardiac disease, there is a diagnosis product FORESIGHT ICE, which is a 3D
intracardiac echocardiography product and was approved for commercialization in United States and Canada.
Currently it is actively prepared for the clinical registration works in China. The valve products will be further
enhanced in the future. For neurointervention, the Group is independently developing a new stent retriever, which is
expected to be approved for launch in 2024. Along with the accelerated growth in terms of electrophysiology and
heart failure, it is expected that the deployment of such five directions will be completed in 2021. At the same time,
regarding “introduction and landing” and “synchronously independent and localized R&D” as its development
direction, the Group will realize the construction of a dual system of local + global R&D and production, as well as
accelerate product launches and improve its own R&D capability. With the belief of “persistence is the key to
success”, it is the Group’s target to build this segment into a leading “cerebro-cardiovascular precision
interventional diagnosis and treatment platform” in the PRC and even the world.

In the field of anti-tumor, “radionuclide” and “immunization” are the key layout world-wide. A milestone
breakthrough development has been achieved in 2020, in which for radionuclide it has established an all-round
layout covering R&D, production, sales and supervision qualification and built up the full industry chain in 3 years. In
terms of product pipelines, there are 12 global innovative products, of which 10 products are in clinical trials across
different locations in the globe, covering 9 major solid tumors (including hepatocellular carcinoma, colorectal cancer,
clear cell renal cell carcinoma, prostate cancer, glioblastoma, metastatic melanoma, triple negative breast cancer,
squamous cell carcinoma and HPV-positive head and neck cancer). The variety and quantity of the Group’s product
pipeline are at the leading level in this industry. In terms of blockbuster products, SIR-Spheres ® Y-90 resin
microspheres is the radionuclide-drug conjugates, being the Group’s global innovative blockbuster products, and its
new drug application (the “NDA”) has been approved by the National Medical Products Administration of the PRC
(“NMPA”), which is expected to obtain the approval for launch in the PRC in the end of 2021 and to provide a new
treatment resolution to liver cancer patients in China. TAVOTM, the core product of OncoSec Medical Incorporated
(“OncoSec”, an associate of the Group), is performing a registration-enabled phase IIb clinical trial for the treatment
of anti-PD-1 checkpoint resistant metastatic melanoma with the pure anti-PD-1 drug KEYTRUDA® (Generic name:
pembrolizumab). The interim data of the experiment demonstrated the overall response rate (“ORR”) was 30%,
which was much higher than the primary efficacy endpoint for the study determined by blinded independent review
(a 20% ORR). It is expected that OncoSec can apply for accelerated approval with the U.S. FDA based on the final
ORR data from this phase IIb clinical trial. In terms of R&D, the Group relied on Telix Pharmaceuticals Limited
(“Telix”), Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd. (“Sirtex”) and OncoSec to establish their international first-class R&D platforms for
radionuclide-drug conjugate (RDC), tumor intervention and DNA immunization, greatly enhancing the Group’s R&D
strength of anti-tumor radionuclide drug in the field of tumor immunity. The Group will continue to increase
investment in and development of global innovative products in the field of radiopharmaceuticals and tumor
immunity in response to unmet clinical needs and enrich product pipeline and improve supply chain, dedicating itself
into building a world-leading radiopharmaceutical diagnosis and treatment platform and tumor immunotherapy
platform.

4      China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                                                Corporate Profile


The global first-in-class drug against unmet clinical needs is the focus in the field of anti-virus and anti-infection. In
terms of product pipelines, there are three global innovative drugs, two of which are global innovative drugs for the
treatment of sepsis, STC3141 and APAD, and one of which is a global innovative drug for the treatment of
parainfluenza. The clinical progress of STC3141, a world-wide innovative drug, was rapid and Phase Ib clinical
research for the treatment of acute respiratory distress syndrome (the “ARDS”) was approved to commence in the
PRC in March 2021. The Phase II clinical research, for the treatment of ARDS caused by COVID-19 infection and
Phase Ib clinical research for the treatment of sepsis were approved to commence in Australia in May 2020. In terms
of R&D, the Group has set up an anti-virus and anti-infection R&D platform in Australia, and has established strategic
partnerships with the Australian National University and Griffith University in Australia (the “Griffith University”).

In the field of mRNA therapy, the COVID-19 epidemic has made mRNA therapy unprecedentedly famous in decades,
leading to a potential major and far-reaching impact on the vaccine industry and even the entire biotechnology
industry. The Group has established a strategic cooperation with Belgium based eTheRNA Immunotherapies NV
(“eTheRNA”), pursuant to which, a company with independent R&D capability was quickly established in China within
half a year, accompanying with the ability to compete with international leading mRNA companies.

The sea admits hundreds of rivers for its capacity to hold. The Group conducts global R&D with an active and open
mind. The global R&D centre has begun to take shape and the global R&D layout has achieved initial results. The
Group has invested in four technology R&D platforms and five R&D centers around the world. The technology R&D
platforms consist of the RDC technology platform, DNA R&D technology platform, mRNA R&D technology platform
and Glycomics R&D technology platform. The R&D centers include the International R&D Center in Optics Valley in
Wuhan (under preparation of construction) as well as four overseas R&D centers (namely San Diego R&D Center —
Immunotherapy (DNA Technology) Anti-tumor in the United States, Boston R&D Center — Precision Interventional
Anti-tumor in the United States, Belgium R&D center — mRNA, and Australia R&D Center — Anti-virus and Anti-
infection). The Group has over 30 prestige scientists worldwide. The Group and its associates have 526 R&D
personnel in total (including overseas R&D teams such as Sirtex and OncoSec), representing a significant increase
more than 70% as compared to the corresponding period of 2019, among which, 258 persons hold master’s or
doctorate degrees, accounting for nearly 50%, with over 300 personnel in the direct R&D team. All professional
leaders and core team members of each segment have academic background in clinical medicine or pharmacy, while
some of whom also have overseas education or working experience. In respect of the construction of R&D systems,
during the current period, the Group has implemented one quality management system, two scientific committees
and professional technical committees and three functional systems, including patent system, pharmacovigilance
system and clinical operation system. The total investments in R&D and projects during 2020 was over RMB1.5 billion.

The Group is accelerating the pace of globalization. Since 2015, the Group has not only held a high proportion of
shares in two important associates, Sirtex and OncoSec (approximately 49% and 43%, respectively), but also
established equity and product strategic cooperation with Germany based Cardionovum GmbH (“Cardionovum”),
Canada based Conavi Medical Inc, Australia based Telix, India based Glenmark Specialty S.A. (“Glenmark”), Belgium
based eTheRNA, etc. Its presence has reached North America, Europe, Asia and other regions around the world.
Together with its major associates, the Group has established production bases in the United States, Canada,
Germany and Singapore, and has a world-wide sales network in more than 60 countries and regions, and has taken
part in R&D centers located in United States, Australia and Belgium.

“Maintain stable growth, strive in innovation and decide the layout”, upon the principles of meeting the needs of
patients, adapting to market development and insisting on technological innovation as well as the development
concept of “comprehensive strengths, innovation barriers and global expansion” and the strategy of “dual-wheel
driving development of independent R&D, global expansion and dual-cycle operation”, the Group has formed a new
pattern of domestic and international cycles that synergize with each other, and is committed to becoming a
international pharmaceutical company of technological innovation, delivering on its promises for doctors and
patients, and making significant contribution to the society.
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020         5
Corporate Profile


As of the date of this report, core products of the Group are as follows:



PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATION                                          MEDICAL DEVICES
Respiratory and ENT medicines:                                      Vascular interventional medical devices:
Ophthalmic: Rui Zhu, He Xue Ming Mu series,                         Paclitaxel Releasing Coronary Balloon Dilatation
Xin Bai Nei Ting, Nuo Ming and Jie Qi                               Catheter (RESTORE DEB) and Paclitaxel Releasing
Respiratory and ENT: Qie Nuo and Jinsang series                     Hemodialysis Shunt Balloon Dilatation Catheter
                                                                    (APERTO OTW)




                                                                    BIO-TECHNOLOGY PRODUCTS AND
Cerebro-cardiovascular emergency medicines:                         HEALTHCARE PRODUCTS
Li Shu An series, Rui An Ji series, Cedilanid,
                                                                    Taurine, amino acid, steroids, bio-pesticides and
Xin Wei Ning and Nuo Fu Kang
                                                                    agricultural antibiotics


                                                                    SPECIALIZED PHARMACEUTICAL
                                                                    INGREDIENTS AND OTHER PRODUCTS
                                                                    Metronidazole, chloramphenicol, dimethyl sulfate,
                                                                    nitromethane and epinephrine




6      China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                                                           Corporate Profile



RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT




                                500+                                                   1
                                                                                       International R&D

                                                                                                              4
                                R&D personnel
                                                                 $                     Centre in Optics
                                                                                       Valley in Wuhan            Major overseas R&D
                                                                                                              centers
                                                                                       (under construction)

  107
                                                             Approximately                                    San Diego R&D Center in the


                                                                      15
                                                                                                              United States
          Projects                                                                                            Boston R&D Center in the
  under research                                             RMB       million                                United State
                                                             investment in R&D                                Belgium R&D Center
                                                             and new projects                                 Australia R&D Center




R&D PROJECTS PIPELINE


      Oncology                                               16
       Cerebro-
  cardiovascular                6                    1   1
   Interventions
Cardiovascular &
Cerebrovascular     1                           10

   Anti-infection                    8

     Respiratory        3                3                        5

Ophthalmology               4                                8                     1

          Others                6

  Rare Diseases             4

  Biotechnology                      8
    Consistency
     Evaluation                                                              22


  Innovative projects               Generic drug projects                    Biotechnology          Post-marketing studies

107 projects under development (data updated to January 2021)




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020                 7
Corporate Profile



INNOVATION PIPELINE SCHEDULE
Table 1.1
Cerebro-cardiovascular high-end medical devices

                                                                                                                                                                                                Launching schedule
       Sector             Product                      Indications                     Category                                           R&D progress                                              (estimated)

                                                                                                                         Model               Under                 Registration
                                                                                                           R&D                                                                        Launch Overseas           PRC
                                                                                                                       inspection         clinical trial           for launching


                                                De novo coronary artery
                         RESTORE®
                                             lesions and in-stent restenosis
                                                                                      Treatment                                                                                                   2011          2019


                                             Arteriovenous fistula treatment
                          APERTO®
                                                     of hemodialysis
                                                                                      Treatment                                                                                                   2013          2020



                         LEGFLOW®              Peripheral vascular disease            Treatment                                                                                                   2011          2024
      Precise
    Intervention
                                              Coronary artery imaging and             Device for
                        NOVASIGHT
                                            intracavity interventional surgery        diagnosis
                                                                                                                                                                                                  2018          2022


                                               Preoperative diagnosis and
                                               intraoperative guidance for            Device for
                        FORESIGHT
                                                radiofrequency ablation or            diagnosis
                                                                                                                                                                                                  2017          2024
                                                  structural heart disease

                     New stent retriever              Ischemic stroke                 Treatment                                                                                                                 2025




Oncology products

                                                                                                                            Under               Under               Under                                   Launching
      Category                Product under research                             Indications             Preclinical       phase I             phase II            phase III        NDA         Launch       schedule
                                                                                                                        clinical trials     clinical trials     clinical trials                            (estimated)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                2021
                        SIR-Spheres Y-90 resin microsphere                Malignant liver tumor
                                                                                                                                                                                                                2022
       Precise
    Intervention    Lava (EVOH Ethylene Vinyl Alcohol Copolymer)           Cerebral aneurysm
                     AuroLase* (Photonic Thermal Ablation of                 Prostate cancer
                                 Osteosarcoma)

                            TLX591 (177Lu-rosapatumab)                       Prostate cancer
                                                                                                                                                                                                                2028
                                                                                                                                                                                                                2021
                           TLX591-CDx (68Ga-PSMA-11)                  Prostate cancer — diagnosis
                                                                                                                                                                                                                2026

    Radionuclide-    TLX599-CDx (   99m
                                      Tc-EDDA/HYNIC-iPSMA)            Prostate cancer — diagnosis                                                                                                               2027
        drug
     Conjugate
       (RDC)                TLX250 (177Lu-girentuximab)              Clear cell renal cell carcinoma                                                                                                            2028
                                                                                                                                                                             Breakthrough Therapy Designation
                                                                     Clear cell renal cell carcinoma
                          TLX250-CDx (89Zr-girentuximab)                                                                                                                     granted by the FDA
                                                                              — diagnosis                                                                                                                       2026
                                                                                                                                              Orphan Drug Designation granted by the FDA
                                  TLX101 (131I-IPA)                           Glioblastoma
                                                                                                                                                                                                                2026
                        REV-001 (Vesicular Stomatitis Virus)                Colorectal cancer                                                                                                                   2027
                                                                         Metastatic melanoma                                                                  Orphan Drug Designation granted by the FDA
                     TAVO (Interleukin-12 plasmind DNA drug)         Triple-negative breast cancer                                                            Orphan Drug Designation granted by the FDA 2023-
Immunotherapy
                                                                        Squamous cell carcinoma                                                                                                                 2025
                                                                                                                                                              Orphan Drug Designation granted by the FDA
                      mRNA vaccine (TriMix Technology and                Metastatic melanoma                                              Orphan Drug Designation granted by the FDA
                        Lipid Nanoparticles Technology)              HPV-positive head and neck cancer




*         AuroLase: The Group owns the right of first negotiation for that product




8            China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                                                                  Corporate Profile



                                                                                                                                            Launching
    Sector            Product          Indications                                          R&D progress                                    schedule
                                                                                                                                            (estimated)
                                                                       Under phase Under phase Under phase
                                                         Preclinical                                                         NDA   Launch
                                                                       I clinical trial II clinical trial III clinical trial

                                         Sepsis
                    STC3141          COVID-19 ARDS                                                                                             2026
                                          ARDS
Antiviral and
Antiinfection         APAD               Sepsis                                                                                                2028

                        New
                                      Parainfluenza                                                                                            2030
                Parainfluenza Drug

                    Glenmark
                                     Allergic rhinitis                                                                                         2025
                     Ryaltris

Respiratory,
                     BRM421          Dry eye disease                                                                                           2025
ophthalmic
and ENT
                    CBT-001            Pterygium                                                                                               2024




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020              9
Corporate Profile


As of the date of this report, the Group’s major product development and corporate development are as follows:


December 2020                    The first patient was dosed in a phase Ib clinical study of STC3141, a global
                                 innovative drug for the treatment of sepsis, in Australia.


                                 Sirtex purchase approximately 12.5% equity interests of BlackSwan at a consideration
                                 of US$5 million and has the right to appoint an observer member to its board of
                                 directors.


November 2020                    The Group further entered into strategic cooperative agreement and product
                                 licensing agreement with eTheRNA to set up a joint venture company in Mainland
                                 China, and obtained the exclusive licenses from eTheRNA for the world’s innovative
                                 HPV-positive head and neck cancer products in Greater China Region, as well as the
                                 right of first negotiation for future products.


                                 The Group and Nuclear and Radiation Safety Center of the Ministry of Ecology and
                                 Environment of the PRC entered into a cooperative framework agreement to carry
                                 out technological cooperation in nuclear and radiation safety and related fields.


                                 The NDA for TLX591-CDx, an imaging product for prostate cancer, submitted by
                                 Telix, the Group’s partner in the field of RDC, was accepted for filling by FDA.


                                 The NDA for the Group’s SIR-Spheres ® Y-90 resin microspheres was accepted for
                                 filling by NMPA of the PRC.


                                 The interim data from its registration-enabled phase IIb clinical trial evaluating
                                 OncoSec’s core product TAVO™ in combination with KEYTRUDA ® in anti-PD-1
                                 checkpoint resistant metastatic melanoma patients announced on OncoSec, the
                                 Group’s research and development platform in tumor immunotherapy and DNA
                                 technology, achieved much higher than primary efficacy endpoint.


                                 The FDA of the United States approved the IND application for a Phase I
                                 Investigator-Initiated trial for OncoSec’s CORVax12, a DNA vaccine to treat
                                 COVID-19 that OncoSec is developing.


                                 The Group invested US$25 million to subscribe approximately 7.6% equity interests
                                 of Telix and obtained the exclusive rights in the Greater China Region for six First in
                                 Class innovative radionuclide-drug conjugates developed by Telix.


September 2020                   Sirtex made US$1.5 million equity investment for approximately 6% of first round
                                 series B-1 preferred shares in Nanospectra and has the right to appoint a member in
                                 its board of directors.




10    China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                            Corporate Profile



August 2020   The Group’s SIR-Spheres® Y-90 resin microspheres was approved by NMPA to file the
              new drug application for the treatment of colorectal liver metastases based on
              clinical trial data obtained overseas.


              4 products of the Group approved to pass consistency evaluation, namely, sodium
              bicarbonate tablets, trimetazidine hydrochloride tablets, finasteride tablets and
              captopril tablets, won the bid in the third batch of national centralized medicines
              procurement.


              The Group successfully placed and issued 172,000,000 placing shares to no less than
              six placees at the placing price of HK$5.90 per placing share.


July 2020     The Group committed to investing RMB100 million in Nanjing Fund of which the
              proceeds will be used for the investment in medical, healthcare, pharmaceutical and
              medical device projects.


              The Group, together with Nanjing Fund and Shanghai Hongsheng, subscribed for
              and acquired Nanjing Kainite in phases. The company has the five medical devices in
              the area of neurointervention, including the third-generation stent retriever for the
              treatment of ischemic stroke.


              The Group invested RMB30 million to acquire approximately 9.7% of the equity
              interest in Revolmmune, and obtained the global exclusive rights of VSV-GPM, a
              global innovative product for the treatment of colorectal cancer, and the priority
              cooperation right for other products.


June 2020     The Group invested in CNCB Fund with a capital commitment of US$50 million, and
              the fund is intended to raise a total of US$200 million, which will be mainly used to
              invest in the world’s leading pharmaceutical companies and medical device
              manufacturers.


May 2020      The Group invested EUR9 million to acquire approximately 12% of the preferred
              series B shares of eTheRNA, with agreed certain terms subject to further negotiation,
              including introducing mRNA production technology of eTheRNA and the exclusive
              development and commercialization rights for its projects under research in the
              Greater China Region.


              The Group’s genetic immunotherapy product TAVO™ in combination with anti-PD-1
              checkpoint inhibitor KEYTRUDA ® (pembrolizumab) for the treatment of advanced
              metastatic melanoma demonstrated 41% overall response and good safety.


              STC3141, a world-wide innovative drug of the Group for the treatment of sepsis was
              approved to commence phase II clinical research in Australia for the treatment of
              ARDS of COVID-19 and also the phase Ib clinical research for treatment of sepsis.



                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020       11
Corporate Profile



April 2020                      The APERTO OTW, the first drug-coating balloon in China for the indication of shunt
                                stenosis in arteriovenous fistula of hemodialysis patients, which is jointly developed
                                by the Group and its associate Cardionovum, was granted the medical device
                                registration certificate by the NMPA of the PRC.


                                The Group entered into a product licensing agreement with Cloudbreak to acquire
                                the exclusive production (including technology transfer) and commercialization rights
                                of CBT-001, a global innovative product for pterygium treatment, in the Greater
                                China Region.


March 2020                      The Group entered into a technology transfer agreement with AnTi New Bio-Tech, to
                                obtain the technological and related intellectual property for the new sepsis drug
                                APAD, and to be able to develop, manufacture and sell related products.


February 2020                   The Group completed the purchase of the shares of OncoSec, and holds
                                approximately 52.8% of the outstanding shares of common stock of OncoSec
                                together with Sirtex Medical US Holdings, Inc., an indirectly owned associate of the
                                Company. Meanwhile, the exclusive commercialization rights of the licensed products
                                in China and 38 other Asian countries and regions were effective.




12   China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                                     Corporate Profile



THE COMPANY’S STOCK PRICE TREND CHART IN 2020


                                                                     Revenue in 2020:
                    9.5
                                                                     HK$6.35 billion

                    8.5                                              Net profit attributable to
                                                                     the owners of the




Stock price (HK$)
                    7.5                                              Company in 2020:
                                                                     HK$1.79 billion
                    6.5
                                                                     The total cash dividend
                                                                     paid for 2020 was
                    5.5                                              approximately HK$324
                                                                     million
                    4.5

                    3.5
                          January 2020   June 2020   December 2020




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020   13
Corporate Profile



SALES NETWORK


First business division                                                     Seventh business division
Drug commercial and hospital                                                E-commerce business
promotion, covering the major
commercial companies nationwide                                             Eighth business division
and other sales network                                                     Drug sales agent

                                                                            Qie Nuo division
Second business division                                                    Sales of Qie Nuo (ENT)
                                                      >3,000 sales people
Hospital promotion of cerebro-
cardiovascular and emergency                          ~8,000 hospitals
                                                                            Traditional Chinese
products, covering the central city                   ~120,000 pharmacies   medicine division
hospital                                                                    Sales of traditional Chinese
                                                                            medicine products

Third business division                                                     The ministry of commerce
Commercialization and channel
                                                                            Commercial pipeline
sales of ophthalmic products
                                                                            construction, bidding
                                                                            Coverage: all provinces

Fifth business division
Non-prescription product
terminal promotion, covering
pharmacies


Sixth business division
Ophthalmic products and
hospital promotion, covering
secondary potential urban
hospitals




14    China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                        Corporate Profile



GLOBAL SALES NETWORK OF SIRTEX




             America   Europe, Middle East and Africa     Asia Pacific




                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020   15
Corporate Profile



THE GLOBAL LAYOUT OF THE GROUP


          Canada                                                                            Australia
       Conavi Medical Inc.                                                                Sirtex Medical Co., Ltd.
       NOVASIGHT Hybrid™                                                                  SIR-Spheres® Y-90 resin
       FORESIGHT ICE                                                                      microsphere
                                                                                          Griffith University
                                                                                          World-wide innovative
                                                                                          Parainfluenza drug
            India                                                                         The Australian National University
                                                                                          New drug for sepsis, HIP project
       Glenmark Specialty S.A.                                                            Telix Pharmaceuticals Limited
       Ryaltris Nasal Spray                                                               6 RDC new drugs




         America                                   PRC                                      Germany
       Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd.               Cloudbreak Bio-Pharmaceutical Science and    Cardionovum GmbH
       SIR-Spheres® Y-90 resin microsphere   Technology (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.             RESTORE®
       OncoSec Medical Inc.                                                               APERTO®
                                             CBT-001, a new drug for pterygium
       TAVO™                                                                              LEGFLOW®
                                             Chongqing AnTi New Bio-technology Limited
       Nanospectra
                                             APAD, a new drug for sepsis
       AuroLase®
                                             BRIM Biotechnology, Inc.
       BlackSwan
       Lava™                                 BRM421, a new product for dry eye diseases
                                                                                            Belgium
                                             Shanghai Revolmmune Therapeutics
                                             Biotechnology Limited                        eTheRNA Immunotherapies NV
                                             Vesicuar Stomatitis Oncolytic Virus          mRNA platform and head and
                                                                                          neck cancer
                                             Nanjing Kainite Medical Technology
                                             Company Limited
                                             Neurological stent retriever




16   China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                                               Corporate Profile


Particulars of the Group’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:

Company name and percentage of equity interest                  Positioning and functions


Grand Pharma (China) Co., Ltd. 99.84%                           Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                  pharmaceutical products
Wuhan Wuyao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 99.18%                     Manufacture of pharmaceutical raw materials
Wuhan Grand Hoyo Co., Ltd. 87.69%                               Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                  amino acid series products
Hubei Grand Life Science & Technology Co., Ltd. 97.43%          Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                  taurine products
Hubei Grand Biotechnology Co., Ltd. 49.69%                      Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                  amino acid series products
Hubei Grand Fuchi Pharmaceutical & Chemicals                    Research and development, manufacture and sales of
  Co., Ltd. 89.60%                                                agrochemicals, fine chemicals and chemical medicine
Hubei Grand EBE Pharmaceutical Company                          Manufacture and sales of ophthalmic pharmaceutical
  Limited 99.84%                                                  products
Zhejiang Xianju Xianle Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 67.00%          Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                  steroid hormones active pharmaceutical ingredients
                                                                  and related intermediates
Wuhan Kernel Bio-tech Co., Ltd. 91.56%                          Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                  bio-technology products series
Hubei Wellness Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 99.84%                  Manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical products
Grand Pharmaceutical Huangshi Feiyun                            Research and development, manufacture and sales of
  Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 59.90%                                 pharmaceutical products
Wuhan Grandpharma Group Sales Co., Ltd. 99.84%                  Sales of pharmaceutical products
Beijing Huajin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 71.88%                  Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                  pharmaceutical products
Huangshi Fuchi Water Affairs Company Limited 99.84%             Treatment of sewage
Beijing Grand Jiuhe Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 96.84%             Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                  pharmaceutical products
Tianjin Jingming New Technology Development                     Research and development, manufacture and sales of
  Co., Ltd. 73.18%                                                pharmaceutical products
Zhu Hai Cardionovum Medical Device Co. Ltd. 77.89%              Sales of medical devices
Xi’an Beilin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 99.84%                    Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                  pharmaceutical products
Wuhan Wuyao Technology Co., Ltd. 99.84%                         Research and development
Grand Medical Pty Limited 100%                                  Research and development

The principal associates of the Group are as follows:

Company name and percentage of equity interest                  Positioning and functions


Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd 49.00%                                   Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                  pharmaceutical products
OncoSec Medical Incorporated 43.38%                             Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                  pharmaceutical products
Shanghai Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 55.00%           Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                  pharmaceutical products
Cardionovum GmbH 33.33%                                         Research and development, manufacture and sales
                                                                  of devices



                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020   17
Corporate Profile



DEFINITIONS
In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall have the meanings set out below:


“AnTi New Bio-Tech”                Chongqing AnTi New Bio-technology Limited (including its subsidiary)


“APERTO OTW”                       Paclitaxel Releasing Hemodialysis Shunt Balloon Dilatation Catheter


“ARDS”                             Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome


“BlackSwan”                        BlackSwan Vascular, Inc.


“BRIM”                             BRIM Biotechnology, Inc.


“Cardionovum”                      Cardionovum GmbH, an associate of the Group


“CDE”                              Center for Drug Evaluation, NMPA


“Cloudbreak”                       Collectively, Cloudbreak Guangzhou and Cloudbreak Therapeutics LLC


“Cloudbreak Cayman”                Cloudbreak Pharmaceutical Inc.


“Cloudbreak Guangzhou”             Cloudbreak Bio-Pharmaceutical Science and Technology (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.


“CNCB Fund”                        CNCB Grand Healthcare Investment Fund LP


“Conavi”                           Conavi Medical Inc.


“COVID-19”                         Coronavirus Disease in 2019


“COVID-19 ARDS”                    Acute respiratory distress syndrome suffered by COVID-19 patients


“eTheRNA”                          eTheRNA Immunotherapies NV


“FDA”                              United States Food and Drug Administration


“Glenmark”                         Glenmark Specialty S.A


“Grand Pharma (China)”             Grand Pharma (China) Co., Ltd.


“Greater China Region”             Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan region




18      China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                                      Corporate Profile



“IND”                  Investigational New Drug


“LEGFLOW OTW”          Paclitaxel Releasing Peripheral Balloon Dilatation Catheter


“mRNA”                 messenger RNA


“Nanjing Fund”         Nanjing Chuangyi Dongyin Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)
                       ( 南京創熠東銀股權投資合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 ))


“Nanjing Kainite”      Nanjing Kainite Medical Technology Company Limited (南京凱尼特醫療科技有限公司)


“Nanospectra”          Nanospectra Biosciences, Inc.


“NDA”                  New Drug Application


“NMPA”                 National Medical Products Administration of the PRC


“OncoSec”              OncoSec Medical Incorporated, an associate of the Group


“RESTORE DEB”          Paclitaxel Releasing Coronary Balloon Dilatation Catheter


“Revolmmune”           Shanghai Revolmmune Therapeutics Bio-technology Limited


“Shanghai Hongsheng”   Shanghai Hongsheng Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited Partnership)
                       ( 上海洪昇企業管理合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 ))


“Sirtex”               Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd (including its subsidiaries), an associate of the Group


“TAVO ™”               Tavokinogene Telseplasmid


“Telix”                Telix Pharmaceuticals Limited (ASX:TLX)


“Tianjin Jingming”     Tianjin Jingming New Technology Development Co., Ltd.


“VSV-GPM”              Vesicular stomatitis oncolytic virus




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020   19
Financial Summary



RESULTS
                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                   2020                 2019          2018           2017         2016
                                                HK$’000              HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000


Revenue                                       6,352,919          6,590,635        5,958,355     4,770,850     3,696,164
Profit before tax                             2,073,583          1,355,973         883,899        558,939       313,964
Income tax                                     (292,374)             (230,485)     (147,460)       (73,181)      (44,602)
Profit for the year                           1,781,209          1,125,488         736,439        485,758       269,362


ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                   2020                 2019          2018           2017         2016
                                                HK$’000              HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000


Total assets                                16,984,345          13,813,307       13,496,659     8,062,791     7,141,947
Total liabilities                            (5,640,136)        (5,302,300)      (6,062,032)    (5,603,190)   (5,165,860)
Net assets                                  11,344,209           8,511,007        7,434,627     2,459,601     1,976,087




20      China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                           Financial Summary



Revenue growth
Table 1.5


                    Unit: HK$ million

                    8,000
                                                            .5  %
                                                       R 14
                                                   CAG              6,591
                                                                                6,353
                                                       5,958
                    6,000

                                           4,771

                    4,000          3,696



                    2,000




                        0
                                   2016    2017          2018       2019         2020


Increase rate of net profit attributable to the owners of the Company
Table 1.6

                    Unit: HK$ million

                    2,000
                                                                                1,793
                                                                %
                                                            0.7
                    1,800

                    1,600                              R   6
                    1,400                          CAG
                    1,200                                           1,151

                    1,000

                     800                                 713
                     600
                                           461
                     400
                                    269
                     200

                        0
                                   2016    2017          2018       2019         2020




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2020   21
Financial Summary



CORE PRODUCTS
Preparation products with sales of above RMB100 million:



   Above       RMB500 million




                             Qie Nuo                                     Li Shu An




   From        RMB100 million to RMB500 million




                          He Xue Ming Mu                           Xin Wei Ning




                       Rui Zhu                                            Jinsang series




22    China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                              Financial Summary



THE REVENUE ANALYSIS OF THE GROUP BY BUSINESS SEGMENTS IS AS FOLLOWS:
Table 1.7


                                                                         23.7%
              64.2%                                                      Bio-technology products
                                                                         and healthcare products
              Pharmaceutical
              preparations and
              medical devices

                                                                         12.1%
                                                                         Specialized pharmaceutical
                                                                         ingredients and
                                                                         other products



THE REVENUE ANALYSIS OF THE GROUP’S CORE PRODUCTS IS AS FOLLOWS:
Table 1.8

              HK$’000

             1,600,000

                             1,363,581
             1,400,000


             1,200,000


             1,000,000
                                                 794,620
               800,000


               600,000
                                                           384,843
               400,000
                                                                     257,606         219,467
               200,000


                     0
                               Four core         Qie Nuo   Jinsang   He Xue           Rui Zhu
                         cerebrocardiovascular              series   Ming Mu
                               products




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020          23
Management Discussion and Analysis



INDUSTRY REVIEW
In the early 2020, the outbreak of 2019 coronavirus (“COVID-19”) epidemic seriously affected the global economy.
According to the data of Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), in 2020, the world GDP
declined by 4.2% while China’s GDP grew at 1.8%, lower than 6.1% which was recorded in 2019. Wuhan in Hubei, the
center of the epidemic, suffered intensely. In 2020, Hubei’s GDP dropped by 5.0% year-on-year, a sharp decline from
the growth rate of 7.5% in 2019. Wuhan’s GDP decreased by 4.7% year-on-year, representing a distinct difference
from the growth rate of 7.8% in 2019. The Group’s major subsidiaries, including Grand Pharma (China) Co., Ltd.
(“Grand Pharma (China)”), which are located in Wuhan, Hubei, have also been inevitably affected. Actively
coordinating with the implementation of national policies to make a contribution to the fight against the epidemic
and undertake social responsibilities, the Group has been advancing in spite of difficulties to actively ensure the
resumption of work and production, and thus a stable and rapid growth of the Company.


Given the outbreak of the epidemic, public awareness towards disease prevention and control and health protection
among society increased. Government regulatory authority rapidly responded to and adjusted the relevant policies
and technical guidelines for selecting potential drugs, conducting clinical research, launching clinical research of
drugs and approval of pharmaceutical equipment under emergency, which laid a foundation for the new
development of pharmaceutical innovation. Driven by the medical reform policy and “Three Medical System
Reform”, although the competitive landscape of the medical industry has been yielding good results, higher
requirements are imposed on the pharmaceutical enterprises which cause greater challenges.


Under such complicated background, sticking to “patients-centered and innovation-driven”, the Group strives for
market opportunities and increases investment in global innovative products and advanced technologies in response
to unmet clinical needs for the purpose of enriching and improving the product pipelines and industrial layout and
accelerating the product applications. While actively complying with market development and policy direction, the
Group will adhere to the strategy of “global expansion and dual-cycle operation” with focus on high-quality
domestic and overseas innovation projects, thereby continuously expanding product pipelines, extending the
business model and strengthening the promotion of pharmaceutical innovation. Through a pattern of domestic and
international cycles that synergize with each other, the Group is committed to constantly enhancing its core
competitiveness and providing returns to its shareholders and community.




24    China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                Management Discussion and Analysis



GROUP POSITIONING
China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the
“Group”) is an international pharmaceutical company of technological innovation. The core products of the Group
cover several major businesses represented by the anti-tumor, cardiovascular emergency pharmaceutical products
and advanced cerebro-cardiovascular intervention medical devices, anti-virus and anti-infection, respiratory and ENT,
bio-health products and specialized pharmaceutical ingredients. The Group has mainly focused on four business
scopes, namely “innovative drugs with high entry barriers”, “branded drugs”, “integration of raw materials”, and
“nutrition products”. There are three major segments of global innovation and technology leadership, namely
precision interventional diagnosis and treatment, Radionuclide-drug conjugate (“RDC”) and immunotherapy, to be
carried out with a forward-looking view by the Group. The Group has invested four technology R&D platforms and
five R&D centers around the world. The technology R&D platforms consist of the RDC technology platform, DNA
R&D technology platform, mRNA R&D technology platform and Glycomics R&D technology platform. The R&D
centers include the International R&D Center in Optics Valley in Wuhan (under preparation of construction) as well as
four overseas R&D centers (namely San Diego R&D Center — Immunotherapy (DNA Technology) Anti-tumor in the
United States, Boston R&D Center — Precision Interventional Anti-tumor in the United States, Belgium R&D Center
— mRNA, and Australia R&D Center — Anti-virus and Anti-infection). Upon the principles of meeting the needs of
patients, adapting to market development and insisting on technological innovation as well as the development
concept of “comprehensive strengths, innovation barriers and global expansion” and the strategy of “dual-wheel
driving development of independent R&D, global expansion and dual-cycle operation”, the Group has formed a new
pattern of domestic and international cycles that synergize with each other, and is committed to becoming an
international pharmaceutical company of technological innovation, delivering on its promises for doctors and
patients, and making significant contribution to the society.

BUSINESS REVIEW
Revenue
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group recorded revenue of approximately HK$6,352.92 million,
representing a slightly decrease of approximately 3.6% as compared to the corresponding period in 2019. If
excluding the impact of RMB exchange rate changes, the Group’s revenue decreased by approximately 2.7% as
compared to the corresponding period in 2019. The decrease was mainly derived from the impact of COVID-19
epidemic, certain hospitals were restricted for access during a period of time and temporary suspended provision of
non-emergency services, and thus put pressures in the sales of prescription drugs. In the meanwhile, the Group’s
continuous expansion of the out-of-hospital market and strengthening of cooperation with various e-commerce
platforms resulted a substantial growth in the sales of over-the-counter drugs on e-commerce platforms and retail
pharmacies, which offset the drop of prescription drugs. During the year, since the Group continued to optimize its
profit structure, constantly promoted the development strategy of innovative and barrier drugs, and focused on
promoting the sales of innovative high-barrier and high-margin products, the Group’s gross profit margin was
approximately 63.5%, which was 2.2 per cent points more than the gross profit margin of 61.3% for the corresponding
period in 2019.

The total profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2020 amounted
to approximately HK$1,792.66 million (2019: HK$1,150.95 million) which including the gain from changes in fair value
of investment in Telix amounted to approximately HK$268.31 million, with an increment of approximately 55.8% as
compared with the same period of last year. If disregarding the fluctuation of exchange rate between RMB and HK$,
for the year ended 31 December 2020, the total profit attributable to the owners of the Company for the year
increased by approximately 57.2% as compared to the same period of last year. If disregarding the gain from
changes in fair value of investment in Telix, the total profit attributable to the owners of the Company for the year
amounted to approximately HK$1,524.35 million, increased by approximately 32.5% as compared to the same period
of last year.

                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020      25
Management Discussion and Analysis



Pharmaceutical Preparations and Medical Devices
Pharmaceutical products and medical devices are currently the major sources of profit contribution of the Group.
Major products include respiratory and ENT medicines, cerebro-cardiovascular emergency medicines and medical
devices. For the year ended 31 December 2020, the revenue from pharmaceutical products and medical devices was
approximately RMB3,632.65 million, representing a decrease of approximately 3.5% as compared to revenue of
approximately RMB3,763.05 million for the corresponding period in 2019, which was mainly due to the slight
decrease in the sales of prescription drugs.


•    Respiratory and ENT medicines and devices
     In recent years, the Group has devoted to building the most comprehensive supply chain of respiratory and
     ENT medicines in the PRC, covering the prescription drugs, over-the-counter drugs, Chinese medicines,
     medical devices, medical consumables and healthcare products, etc., and providing treatment solutions and
     care to medical professionals and patients. For the ophthalmic aspect, the Group has multi-channel industrial
     advantages and strong brand awareness in the market. Taking full advantages of multi-product portfolio, which
     has rapidly penetrated to the grassroots market and retail terminals, coupled with the online promotion
     strategy of e-commerce platforms, the Group and product brands have gained widespread recognition among
     consumers. There will be launching of new products in the future to enhance the competitiveness of the Group
     in the respiratory and ENT medication field. During this year, the revenue from respiratory and ENT medicines
     and devices was approximately RMB1,939.72 million, representing a decrease of approximately 11.0% as
     compared to the corresponding period in 2019, which was mainly due to a certain degree of impact during the
     epidemic on the sales of respiratory and ENT products, in particular prescription drugs, and decrease in the
     number of visits for respiratory diseases, of which:


     —     Ophthalmic: For the year ended 31 December 2020, the revenue from ophthalmic products of the Group
           was approximately RMB754.55 million, representing an increase of approximately 0.9% as compared to
           approximately RMB748 million for the corresponding period in 2019. The core over-the-counter eye drops
           “Rui Zhu” achieved remarkable results and satisfactory sales growth in the vigorous expansion of
           e-commerce platforms and pharmacy retail. The revenue for the period was approximately RMB195.32
           million, representing an increase of approximately 28.6% as compared to approximately RMB151.93
           million for the corresponding period in 2019.


     —     Respiratory and ENT: For the year ended 31 December 2020, the revenue from respiratory and ENT
           products of the Group was approximately RMB1,185.17 million, representing a decrease of approximately
           17.2% as compared to approximately RMB1,431.09 million for the corresponding period in 2019. The
           major product “Qie Nuo” is an exclusive product of the Group and was listed in the Procurement
           Catalogue of Huoshenshan and Leishenshan Hospitals during the epidemic, yet the number of visits of
           patients with respiratory problems dropped significantly and the sales of prescription drugs fell inevitably
           due to the suspension or attendance restriction of some hospitals in the PRC during the epidemic. The
           relief of the epidemic in the second half of the year prompted a certain degree of recovery in the sales.
           During the year, the revenue from “Qie Nuo” was approximately RMB707.19 million, representing a
           decrease of approximately 22.3% as compared to the corresponding period in 2019. Meanwhile, the
           revenue from the Jinsang series, which are prescription drugs, has also decreased by approximately 11.3%
           to approximately RMB342.5 million due to the above reasons.




26     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                 Management Discussion and Analysis


•    Cerebro-cardiovascular medicines and medical devices
     The Group’s cerebro-cardiovascular emergency products mainly cover the fields of platelet inhibitors, blood-
     pressure control, vasoactive drugs, etc., in which the platelet inhibitors injections and vasoactive drugs are in
     the leading position of the PRC market. With the excellent clinical effects of the above products, the increasing
     recognition of and reliance on the Group’s products among medical professionals and patients, and the steady
     expansion of the hospitals’ coverage networks, for the year ended 31 December 2020, the revenue from the
     Group’s cerebro-cardiovascular medicines was approximately RMB1,326.24 million, representing an increase of
     approximately 13.5% as compared to the corresponding period in 2019. Among which, four core products,
     namely “Li Shu An”, “Nuo Fu Kang”, “Xin Wei Ning” and “Rui An Ji”, have contributed a revenue of
     approximately RMB1,213.55 million in aggregate, representing an increase of approximately 10.2% as
     compared to the corresponding period in 2019.


Bio-technology Products and Health Products
The bio-technology products and healthcare products of the Group include Taurine, amino acid products, bio-
pesticides, bio-feed additives and steroid products, etc. During the year, the revenue from bio-technology products
and healthcare products was approximately RMB1,337.70 million, representing a decrease of approximately 2.5% as
compared to the corresponding period in 2019. By virtue of the business expansion strategy of international business
and healthcare business, the revenue from the Group’s amino acid products was approximately RMB569.92 million,
representing an increase of approximately 16.7% as compared to the corresponding period in 2019, and the revenue
from products related to bio-pesticides and bio-feed additives also recorded an increase of approximately 10.4%.
Since the completion of safety production rectification and acceptance of the production plant for steroid products,
steroid products will bring revenue contributions to the Group in coming years.


Specialized Pharmaceutical Raw Materials and Other Products
Specialized pharmaceutical ingredients and other products are the relatively stable segment among the product
segments of the Group. As an important part of the front end of the integrated supply chain of pharmaceutical
ingredients and products, the Group has always been proactively improving technology level and product quality,
reforming the product production technology to increase efficiency, and adjusting the product matrix to enhance
market competitiveness and improve economic efficiency. However, subject to the overall decline in the
pharmaceutical industry owing to the epidemic, the relevant revenue of this segment recorded approximately
RMB683.58 million which is similar to those in the same period of last year.


Distribution Costs and Administrative Expenses
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the distribution costs and administrative expenses were approximately
HK$1,860.08 million and HK$685.24 million respectively, as compared to approximately HK$2,239.49 million and
HK$609.62 million respectively for the corresponding period in 2019. The decrease in distribution costs was mainly
due to impact of the epidemic in the first half of the Year on the market development and team expansion of sales
representatives to a certain extent, and it has gradually returned to normal operation in the second half of the Year.
The distribution costs accounted for approximately 29.3% of the revenue for the Year, which was slightly lower than
that of approximately 34.0% for the corresponding period in 2019. During the epidemic in the first half of the Year,
the Group followed the epidemic prevention measures adopted in the national policies, such as home office,
resulting in a decrease of approximately 12.4% in the overall administrative expenses as compared to the
corresponding period in 2019.



                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020      27
Management Discussion and Analysis



Finance Costs
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s finance costs amounted to approximately HK$115.42 million as
compared to approximately HK$146.50 million for the corresponding period in 2019. During the Year, the Group
adjusted its loan portfolio by taking advantage of the consecutive supportive policies for industries introduced by
the central and local governments, resulting in a significant decrease of approximately 21.2% in the overall finance
costs.

Research and Development Investment
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group invested a large amount of funds for the pre-clinical research,
clinical trials, listing and registration phases of research projects, which generated a total of HK$219.31 million in the
research and development expenses. If the advance payment for new projects is added, the total research and
development investment expenditures amounted to over RMB1.5 billion in 2020.

Research and Development
The Group is one of the earliest domestic pharmaceutical companies that have performed transformation of
technological innovation and internationalization, devoting itself to building a system of innovative R&D and
outstanding talents. The Group has formed a unique layout and concept of technological innovation and
development via active cooperation with the world-leading pharmaceutical companies, universities and scientific
research institutions. In line with the strategic concepts of international layout, differentiated innovation and
professional development for core therapeutic areas, the Group has formed a product layout which focuses on four
major segments, including tumor treatment, cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis, anti-virus and
anti-infection and respiratory and ENT. The Group’s comprehensive layout in the tumor field reflects the forward-
looking, technological and innovative concepts of tumor treatment. On the one hand, it combines traditional
radiotherapy with modern technology to develop SIR-Spheres® Y-90 resin microspheres and RDC drugs. On the
other hand, it creates new tumor immunotherapy products, such as oncolytic viruses, DNA immunotherapy and
mRNA tumor vaccines, etc., to solve the ineffectiveness and drug resistance of tumor immunotherapy. For cerebro-
cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis, the Group is committed to building a world-leading pan-vascular
precision interventional diagnosis platform, covering coronary artery, peripheral vascular disease, neurological
intervention and structural cardiac disease, which will further expand to the field of electrophysiology and heart
failure, so that a comprehensive layout may be achieved. Apart from the field of anti-tumor and cerebro-
cardiovascular precision intervention, there are also a number of world’s first-in-class innovative drugs in the two
important core therapeutic areas of anti-virus and anti-infection and respiratory and ENT. At present, the Group has
sufficient and reasonable R&D pipelines comprised of 107 projects under research and 43 innovative projects,
involving in different stages from pre-clinical to new drug application, and thus forming a good echelon effect.

For R&D team and platform, the Group and its associates have more than 500 R&D personnel, including nearly half
of the talents with master’s or doctorate degrees, and over 30 prestige scientists worldwide. The Group has taken
part in four technology R&D platforms (radionuclide-drug conjugates technology platform, DNA R&D technology
platform, mRNA R&D technology platform and Glycomics R&D technology platform) and five R&D centers (the
International R&D Center in Optics Valley in Wuhan (under preparation of construction) as well as four overseas R&D
centers) around the world. For R&D investment, in addition to increasing R&D investment in product pipelines, the
Group also increased investment in the construction of R&D platforms. The total investments in R&D and projects
during 2020 was over RMB1.5 billion. The International R&D Center in Optics Valley in Wuhan commenced
construction works during the first quarter of 2021, in which will cover pharmaceutical ingredients R&D, peptidomics,
high-end preparations and other specialized R&D platforms.

Along with the high-level R&D capability, fruitful R&D results have been achieved during the year, including one
medical device registration certificate (APERTO, a drug-coating balloon). Four projects pass or are regarded as
passing the consistency evaluation and eight products complete the R&D milestones.


28     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                Management Discussion and Analysis



Technology Innovative Pipeline
•   Cerebro-cardiovascular Precise Intervention
    In the field of cerebro-cardiovascular precision intervention, the Group has six innovative products covering
    three directions, including vascular intervention (coronary artery intervention and peripheral vascular
    intervention), neurological intervention and structural cardiac disease. Among which, two products for coronary
    artery and shunt restenosis in arteriovenous fistulas were approved to launch and other products are underway
    orderly. In the future, the Group will also comprehensively deploy in the fields of electrophysiology and heart
    failure, striving to build a world-leading cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment
    platform.

    Germany-based Cardionovum has three drug-coating balloon products that specialize in vascular intervention,
    covering three sectors of coronary, arteriovenous fistula and peripherals. Among them, RESTORE DEB, being
    the only coronary drug-coating balloon for the treatment of two indications (de novo coronary artery lesions
    and in-stent restenosis), was granted the “medical device registration certificate” by the NMPA in September
    2019. Compared with the commonly used stents in clinical practice, given there are no external objects being
    implanted, balloon therapy is able to retain an opportunity for subsequent treatment, while reducing the risks
    caused by inflammation and thrombosis. The coated anti-cell proliferation drugs may inhibit vascular intimal
    hyperplasia for a long time. Such concept of “intervention without implantation” represents a new trend in
    cardiovascular interventional diagnosis and treatment. Currently, the marketing campaign for this product has
    been fully rolled out. In April 2020, APERTO OTW, the first drug coating balloon for the treatment of shunt
    restenosis in arteriovenous fistulas in hemodialysis patients, was also granted the medical device registration
    certificate by the NMPA. This product has the dual characteristics of high pressure resistance and drug coating.
    Compared with ordinary high pressure balloon, APERTO OTW has an overwhelming advantage in the patency
    rate of target lesions at six months after surgery. It is a revolutionary product by making a significant
    contribution to extend the lifetime of fistula and improve the quality of life of dialysis patients. In addition, the
    product LEGFLOW OTW for peripheral vascular diseases has also entered into clinical research stage and is
    expected to be launched in 2024.

    In the field of neurointervention, the Group has a stent retriever product against ischemic stroke, LONG. With
    reference of mature interventional technology and stent of coronary and peripheral, neurological stent retriever
    can extend an ischemic stroke patient’s treatment window from 6 hours to 24 hours of drug treatment,
    becoming a new clinical method for treating cerebral stroke. Such product is a critical step for the achievement
    of the Group’s target of “treating the heart and brain with the same therapeutic method”. Currently, the
    product is in the pre-clinical research stage and is expected to enter into clinical stage in 2021 and obtain the
    approval for launch from the PRC in 2024. The Group also reserved a coronary diagnosis product NOVASIGHT
    Hybrid, which combines intravascular ultrasound/optical coherence tomography and can simultaneously show
    the ultrasound and optical image with the same direction, axis and phase. It is also the first intravascular
    ultrasound/optical coherence tomography system approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”)
    with promising prospect in the field of coronary artery imaging and intracavitary interventional surgery. This
    product has already been launched in the United States, Canada and Japan, and was enrolled in the special
    review approval process of innovative medical device in 2019 for registration in China. Currently, the product
    has entered into the clinical stage and is expected to obtain the approval for launch from the PRC in 2022.

    In terms of structural cardiac disease, the Group has a 3D intracardiac echocardiography product, FORESIGHT
    ICE. FORESIGHT ICE is a 3D intracardiac echocardiography imaging system, which can offer an immediate and
    direct intracaval imaging information with high precision. It can make significant contribution in radiofrequency
    ablation or preoperative diagnosis and intraoperative guidance of structural heart disease. This product
    obtained approval for commercialization in United States and Canada, and it is actively prepared for the clinical
    registration works in China.
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020       29
Management Discussion and Analysis


•    Anti-tumor
     In the field of tumor treatment, the Group currently has 12 products under research, covering 9 tumor
     indications. Through the product portfolio, the Group expands into internal medicine, surgery, interventional
     medicine, nuclear medicine and other departments to form a multi-disciplinary synergy so that tumor treatment
     products can serve patients in different areas and departments. The Group actively explores the development
     channels and sales channels of tumor products globally and strives to become a leading innovative technology
     enterprise in the anti-tumor area across the world.


     SIR-Spheres® Y-90 resin microspheres, the main product of Sirtex (as an associate of the Group), are used in
     selective internal radiation therapy for malignant liver tumors and are the world’s only radioactive microspheres
     formally approved by the FDA. It has been used by over 100,000 people in 50 countries and regions around the
     world and has been included in the National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN), the European Society
     for Medical Oncology (ESMO) and other authoritative treatment guidelines as well as several authoritative
     clinical practice guidelines for liver cancer at home and abroad. In June 2020, the exemption from an
     investigational new drug (“IND”) application of SIR-Spheres® Y-90 resin microspheres was formally accepted by
     Center for Drug Evaluation (CDE), NMPA of the PRC, while a NDA was officially submitted to and accepted by
     the NMPA of the PRC in November 2020. It is expected that the product will be approved for launch at the end
     of 2021 in the PRC.


     In the field of RDC, the Group has carried out in-depth layout. It has obtained the exclusive rights of 6 global
     innovative radionuclide-drug conjugates covering 3 cancer types, namely prostate cancer, cell renal cell
     carcinoma and glioblastoma, in the Greater China Region from Australia based Telix. RDC is a unique and
     innovative field that has developed rapidly in recent years. Molecular probes and radionuclides are coupled
     through coupling agents to target tumor cells. This is the first time that radionuclides have reached a molecular
     level of diagnostic and therapeutic technology, which in turn could realize the clinical integration of diagnosis
     and treatments. The new drug application of TLX591-CDx, a Telix’s diagnostic RDC drug for prostate cancer,
     has been accepted by the FDA in the United States. TLX250CDx, a diagnostic product for clear cell renal cell
     carcinoma, has been granted breakthrough therapy designation by the FDA in the United States. TLX101, a
     diagnostic and treatment product for glioblastoma, has been granted orphan drug designation by the FDA in
     the United States. TLX591-CDx is the world’s innovative radionuclide-antibody conjugated diagnostic
     radiopharmaceutical product targeting prostate-specific membrane antigen (PSMA) and is suitable for
     diagnosis of metastatic prostate cancer. It is currently the fastest RDC project under development using
     Positron Emission Tomography (PET) for the imaging of prostate cancer, expected to be the first approved
     radiopharmaceutical product by the FDA. The clinical work on the other 5 products is also well underway. In the
     field of radiopharmaceuticals, the Group has forward-looking insights into the industry’s growth and future
     development space by deploying an early layout for Sirtex’s SIR-Spheres® Y-90 resin microspheres and Telix’s
     RDC products. The obtaining of the relevant qualifications to carry out radiopharmaceutical operations in the
     PRC upon acquisition of Beijing Puer Weiye Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (“Puer Weiye”) and the forming of
     strategic partnerships with Jiangsu Institute of Nuclear Medicine and the Nuclear and Radiation Safety Center
     of the Ministry of Ecology and Environment are important strategic layouts for the Group to continue to deepen
     its development in the field of radiopharmaceuticals. It continues to build barriers to innovation through the
     layout of radiopharmaceutical projects in clinical and early R&D stage, hoping to become a global leader in the
     field of radiopharmaceuticals.




30    China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                               Management Discussion and Analysis


    The world’s first gene immunotherapy product OncoSec TAVO™, as a potential treatment for refractory
    metastatic melanoma, applies TAVO electroporation (TAVO-EP) delivery system to inject DNA-based
    interleukin-12 (“IL-12”) inside tumors. IL-12 is a natural protein with powerful immune stimulation to stimulate
    the human immune system to target and attack cancers. TAVO™ was granted Fast Track designation by the
    U.S. FDA in 2017 and as an orphan drug for the treatment of unresectable metastatic melanoma. Currently, a
    registration-enabled phase IIb clinical trial for the treatment of anti-PD-1 checkpoint resistant metastatic
    melanoma with the pure anti-PD-1 drug KEYTRUDA® (Generic name: pembrolizumab) is underway. The interim
    data of the experiment demonstrated excellent clinical efficacy and safety. In terms of clinical efficacy, in a
    clinical trial with 100 planned patients, the ORR of the first 54 patients was 30% and the complete response (CR)
    rate was 6%, which was much higher than the primary efficacy endpoint for the study determined by blinded
    independent review (a 20% ORR); and in terms of safety, only 5.4% of patients suffered grade 3 treatment-
    related adverse events and there were no grade 4/5 treatment-related adverse events. It is expected that
    OncoSec can apply for accelerated approval with the U.S. FDA based on the final ORR data from this phase IIb
    clinical trial. Clinical studies on indications such as TAVO™ triple-negative breast cancer and squamous cell
    carcinoma is undergoing steadily. As a platform technology, TAVO™ can also be extended to the field of
    infectious disease vaccines. In April 2020, CORVax12, a DNA vaccine against COVID-19 jointly developed by
    OncoSec and Providence Cancer Institute, has obtained IND approval from FDA and a first-inhuman Phase I
    Investigator-Initiated trial was launched. CORVax12 is the DNA vaccine based on TAVO™ electrotransfer
    technology, which is expected to provide a new pathway for research and development of COVID-19 vaccine.


    The Group and Belguim based eTheRNA established a company Nanjing AuroRNA Biotech Co., Ltd.
    (“AuroRNA Biotech”) in Nanjing. AuroRNA Biotech has R&D and production platforms with advanced mRNA
    technology and LNP technology for tumor immunotherapy as well as research, development and production of
    mRNA vaccine for infectious disease. AuroRNA Biotech has a global innovative mRNA product for HPV-positive
    head and neck cancer introduced from Belguim based eTheRNA. By triggering an adoptive immune response
    in the body, it can be used in combination with existing tumor immune checkpoint inhibitor to effectively
    increase the response rate of patients with cancer and improve their clinical prognosis. The product is currently
    in the pre-clinical development stage.


    In order to strengthen the in-depth development in the tumor immunity field, the Group introduced a
    worldwide innovative Vesicuar Stomatitis Oncolytic Virus product (“VSV-GPM”) REV-001 for the treatment of
    colorectal cancer from Shanghai Revolmmune Therapeutics Biotechnology Limited (“Revolmmune”). This
    product is the only oncolytic virus that does not insert exogenous genes, where the genetically modified virus
    enhances the selectivity of tumor cells, but is less toxic to normal cells. In addition, the virus genes will not be
    integrated into the human cell genomes and has no risk of genotoxicity with higher safety. REV-001 targets the
    RAS protein of refractory tumors. Refractory tumors with this target have high incidence rate, high malignancy
    and high fatality rate. Currently, there is no effective treatment method for the targeted refractory tumors. The
    product is currently in the pre-clinical development stage.


•   Anti-virus and Anti-infection
    For the anti-virus and anti-infection field, the Group currently has three global innovative drugs with new
    mechanisms of action in the research pipeline, of which two products are used for the treatment of sepsis and
    one product is used for the treatment of parainfluenza. The Group’s layout in this field is based on the in-depth
    exploration of unsatisfied clinical needs. The forward-looking layout in respect of sepsis, viral infections and
    other diseases that pose a major threat to human health not only broadens the product pipeline of the Group,
    but also increases the comprehensive competitiveness and risk-resistant capability of the Group in the entire
    industry.

                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020       31
Management Discussion and Analysis


     The clinical progress of STC3141, a world-wide innovative drug for the treatment of sepsis, was rapid and Phase
     Ib clinical research for the treatment of ARDS was approved to commence in the PRC in March 2021. The Phase
     II clinical research, for the treatment of ARDS caused by COVID-19 infection and Phase Ib clinical research for
     the treatment of sepsis were approved to commence in Australia in May 2020. Currently, the first patient has
     been dosed in Phase Ib clinical trials for the treatment of sepsis. APAD, another drug of the Group for the
     treatment of sepsis, has undergone compound screening and is in the pre-clinical development stage currently.
     APAD can antagonize a variety of pathogen-related molecules, and can treat sepsis caused by bacterial and
     viral infections. It is complementary to the STC3141 on antagonizing the excessive immune response of the
     body to treat sepsis. Sepsis, commonly known as blood poisoning, is an immune system disorder caused by
     infection, which can lead to life-threatening organ dysfunction. It is a common fatal complication of patients
     with severe infections such as burns, trauma and major surgery and tumors. Sepsis affects more than 31.5
     million people worldwide each year, of which over 19.4 million patients are with severe sepsis, and the fatality
     rate of severe sepsis is higher than a quarter. By far, there is a lack of available targeted drugs for sepsis, a
     disease with relatively high incidence and fatal rate, indicating an urgent clinical demand for sepsis drugs and
     tremendous market potential.


     The new parainfluenza drug jointly developed by the Group and Griffith University is another key deployment
     of the Group in the field of anti-virus and anti-infection. The product is a global innovative small molecule
     compound based on protein structure design with a clear mechanism of action. It binds the hemagglutinin-
     neuraminidase (HN) protein that covers the parainfluenza virus (HPIV) and stops the virus from entering the host
     cell for replication and reduces the number of parainfluenza virus particles with the aim of curing parainfluenza
     infection. HPIV is a common pathogen of community-acquired respiratory tract infections. Among children
     hospitalized with lower respiratory tract infections, HPIV is the second largest pathogen after respiratory
     syncytial virus (RSV). Children, the elderly and people with immune deficiency are the main susceptible groups.
     Such people are prone to severe symptoms such as bronchitis, pneumonia and even respiratory failure after
     HPIV infection with a certain fatality rate. Currently, there are no available drugs and vaccines approved for the
     treatment of HPIV infection in the world, which implies unsatisfied clinical needs. At present, new parainfluenza
     drugs are in the stage of compound screening.


•    Respiratory and ENT
     Respiratory and ENT are the traditional fields of strength of the Group. In order to further strengthen the
     innovation reserve in this field, consolidate its dominant position in the market and enhance its
     competitiveness, the Group has deployed three innovative drugs in this field to further improve the product
     system of this field.


     BRM421 is the global innovative product for the treatment of dry eye disease introduced by the Group from
     BRIM Biotechnology, Inc. This product is small molecule peptide eye drops that can accelerate the division and
     proliferation of limbal stem cells, and in turn stimulate the repair of ocular surface for curing the dry eye
     disease. According to the “Consensus in the Diagnosis and Treatment of Dry Eye Disease (2013) (乾眼臨床診療
     專家共識(2013年))”, the incidence rate of dry eye disease in China is approximately 21–30% but the overall
     medical consultation rate is relatively low and the available treatment options are limited, which indicates there
     are still huge and unsatisfied clinical needs in this treatment field. The therapeutic products for dry eye disease
     that are currently available in overseas market and are expected to be launched in China in the coming years
     such as cyclosporine eye drops, generally take three to six months to take effect and is obviously irritating to
     eye. According to the Phase II clinical study data completed in the United States, the BRM421 product has high
     safety and low irritation, as well as the potential to quickly alleviate the symptoms of dry eye disease within two
     weeks. Currently, the product is under steady progress of registration in the PRC.

32    China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                Management Discussion and Analysis


     The CBT-001 product for the treatment of pterygium from Cloudbreak Bio-Pharmaceutical Science and
     Technology (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. and CloudBreak Therapeutics LLC (collectively the “Cloudbreak”) is another
     global innovative product in the field of ophthalmology obtained by the Group. Pterygium is a common chronic
     inflammatory and proliferative ocular surface disease. It is usually found at the corner conjunctiva and may
     gradually affect the cornea, causing astigmatism or blocking the pupil, which results in diminution of vision and
     even blindness. According to statistics, the overall prevalence of pterygium is about 10%, and it may increase in
     direct proportion with age. In China, the prevalence of people over 40 years old is about 13.4% or nearly 90
     million patients. Currently, there is no specified medicine for the treatment of pterygium. This shows that there
     are still huge and unsatisfied clinical needs in this field. CBT-001 is an innovative and improvement from an
     existing drug, Nintedanib, which is used for the treatment of pulmonary fibrosis. It inhibits neovascularization
     and tissue fibrosis. Currently, phase II clinical trial has been completed in the United States. It has high safety
     and significant clinical efficacy, and can inhibit the growth of pterygium and control the deterioration of the
     disease. It is planned to commence a global multi-center phase III clinical trial for CBT-001 in 2021 to facilitate
     the commercialization. Currently, it is under evaluation to include the Chinese region in the global multi-center
     phase III clinical trial. If approved, it is expected to speed up the approval of the commercialization of CBT-001
     in China.


     Ryaltris, the new compound nasal spray, is a product that the Group has been granted the exclusive
     commercialization rights in China by Glenmark. The product contains olopatadine (665 mcg) and mometasone
     (25 mcg). It is a new type of glucocorticoid and antihistamine compound nasal spray for the treatment of
     seasonal allergic rhinitis in patients over 12 years old. Glenmark has completed the phase III clinical study of
     Ryaltris and filed an NDA application to the FDA, which is currently under review. In addition, the product has
     been approved for listing in Australia, and the IND application for import registration in the PRC is also under
     preparation.


R&D Team
The Group has taken part in four technology R&D platforms and five R&D centers around the world. The Group has
over 30 prestige scientists worldwide. The global R&D center has begun to take shape, and the globalized R&D
planning has gained progressive achievement. The Group and its associates have 526 R&D personnel in total
(including overseas R&D teams such as Sirtex and OncoSec), representing a significant increase more than 70% as
compared to the corresponding period of 2019, among which, 258 persons hold master’s or doctorate degrees,
accounting for nearly 50%, with over 300 personnel in the direct R&D team. All professional leaders and core team
members of each segment have academic background in clinical medicine or pharmacy, while some of whom also
have overseas education or working experience.


Establishment of R&D Headquarters
The Group plans to invest over RMB50 million in establishing the China Grand Pharmaceutical’s International R&D
Center in Optics Valley located in Wuhan, Hubei. The laboratory adopts an intelligent management system and
focuses on innovative drugs, rare disease drugs, precision medicine, biosynthesis and other fields, covering
pharmaceutical ingredients R&D, peptidomics, high-end pharmaceutical products and other specialized R&D
platforms.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020       33
Management Discussion and Analysis



Consistency Evaluation
During this period, finasteride tablets, glipizide tablets, captopril tablets and milrinone injection have been approved
to pass or deemed to pass the consistency evaluation, among which, glipizide tablets and milrinone injection were
the first of their varieties to have passed the evaluation, and nimesulide tablets have been refiled. As of now, a total
of seven products of the Group have been approved to pass the consistency evaluation (sodium bicarbonate tablets,
metronidazole tablets, trimetazidine tablets, glipizide tablets, finasteride tablets, captopril tablets and milrinone
injection), while seven other products are under evaluation (lafutidine tablets, norepinephrine bitartrate injection,
adrenaline hydrochloride injection, tirofiban hydrochloride and sodium chloride injection, nimesulide tablets,
indapamide tablets and metoprolol tartrate tablets).


Intellectual Property Protection
During the period under review, the Group filed for over 20 core patents and 60 peripheral patents and received
over 80 invention patents, in which nearly a half are authorized invention patents. Cumulatively, the Group has
obtained over 300 valid patents, including over 200 invention patents and over 100 utility model patents and apparel
design patents.


For innovative drugs, the core PCT patents of ARDS and sepsis for the STC3141 have been filed in 11 countries or
regions and the transfer of the patent rights of core compound for APAD has been completed; while the core PCT
patents of the new parainfluenza drug were further granted in 17 countries or regions in Australia and Europe and
patent protection has been established in Australia, Europe and the United States. The patent of the carrier
technology of mRNA project has been filed under PCT, and it is planned to enter major countries or regions
including China; three core patents of oncolytic virus have been filed; eight patents and six authorizations have been
newly granted for drug-coated balloons and LONG (stent retriever).


Material investment, M&A and Cooperation
During this period, the Group continued to implement the development strategy of “self-development + global
expansion”, further exploring high-quality innovative projects around the world to expand the Group’s product
pipeline and enhance the Group’s comprehensive strengths, and putting vigorous efforts in transformation towards
innovation and internationalization. On the one hand, the Group has gained innovative ophthalmic and ENT drugs
by relying on the existing advantageous areas such as respiratory, ophthalmic and ENT. On the other hand, with a
focus on the three major directions of “cerebro-cardiovascular precise intervention field” and ““radionuclide and
anti-tumor immunology platform” and “anti-viral and anti-infection field”, the Group has continued the expansion
and development strategy in respect of domestic and overseas projects. While building a “cardio-vascular precise
intervention treatment platform”, the Group explored worldwide innovative anti-infection drugs and expanded to
the sector where gaps in the treatment still exist with urgent clinical needs. Leveraging on the Group’s outstanding
commercialization and business development capabilities as well as sufficient cash flow, the Group’s domestic and
overseas project reserves are abundant at this stage, while the M&A projects are progressing steadily as well.




34     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                               Management Discussion and Analysis


•   Development and Commercialization Rights of a World-wide First Developed New Drug APAD
    for Sepsis
    In March 2020, the Group entered into a technology transfer agreement with Chongqing AnTi New Bio-
    technology Limited (“AnTi New Bio-Tech”) to obtain the technological and related intellectual property rights
    around the world (in which AnTi New Bio-Tech will keep certain development and commercialization rights in
    places other than the Greater China Region) for a world-wide first developed new drug APAD which is used for
    the treatment of sepsis from AnTi New Bio-Tech, and to be able to develop, manufacture and sell related
    products. APAD is an innovative drug with a mechanism of antagonizing broad-spectrum pathogen-associated
    molecule. In terms of the effect of sepsis treatment, APAD is complementary with the STC3141. In addition, it is
    expected to share the R&D resources with the STC3141 to create synergy.

•   Licensing Cooperation for a New Drug CBT-001 for Treatment of Pterygium
    In April 2020, the Group entered into a product licensing agreement with Cloudbreak to obtain an exclusive
    production (including technology transfer) and commercialization right in the Greater China Region for a
    worldwide innovative product CBT-001 developed by Cloudbreak with a coverage of the application of CBT-
    001 over all indications including pterygium, and to enjoy the priority cooperation rights to interests in the
    Greater China Region for other pipeline product candidates. In addition, the Group will subscribe for the shares
    of Cloudbreak Therapeutics LLC (“Cloudbreak Cayman”) at the consideration of approximately USD5.63
    million, which will represent approximately 7.07% equity interest of the enlarged share capital of Cloudbreak
    Cayman after it completes the reorganization. The Group introduced the first globally innovative pterygium
    product in the ophthalmic sector, which further enriched the product pipeline in such sector.

•   Subscription for Equity Interest in eTheRNA and Exclusive Strategic Cooperation for mRNA
    Platform
    In May 2020, the Group entered into an equity investment agreement with eTheRNA, which is located in
    Belgium, to make an equity investment of EUR9 million in eTheRNA and obtain approximately 12% of the class
    B preferred shares of eTheRNA after relevant conditions being fulfilled. Up to now, such equity investments
    have been fully completed. At the same time, the Group has agreed certain terms for strategic cooperation
    (subject to further negotiation), including but not limited to setting up a joint venture company, introducing the
    mRNA production technology of eTheRNA, performing independent R&D, production and commercialization
    activities in the fields of tumor immunology and infectious disease prevention, as well as obtaining the exclusive
    development and commercialization rights of eTheRNA’s pipeline projects under research in the Greater China
    Region. In November 2020, the Group entered into a strategic cooperative agreement and product licensing
    agreement with eTheRNA, pursuant to which the Group and eTheRNA will set up a joint venture company
    Nanjing AuroRNA Biotech Co., Ltd. (“AuroRNA Biotech”) in Mainland China to build an independent and
    integrated mRNA technology research and development (“R&D”) and production platform to conduct R&D and
    production of mRNA technology. The Group will invest approximately EUR8.1 million and obtain 75% equity
    interests of AuroRNA Biotech. At the same time, AuroRNA Biotech will obtain the exclusive licenses of the
    world’s innovative HPV-positive head and neck cancer products and in Mainland China, Hong Kong SAR, Macau
    SAR and Taiwan (“Greater China Region”), as well as the right of first negotiation for future products.

•   Investment in CNCB Fund
    In June 2020, the Group entered into a subscription agreement to invest in CNCB Grand Healthcare Investment
    Fund LP (“CNCB Fund”). Pursuant to the subscription agreement, the Group made a capital commitment of
    US$50 million (equivalent to approximately HK$390 million) and the fund is intended to raise a total of US$200
    million. Through direct or indirect investments in securities, instruments and assets in different areas, including
    but not limited to the world’s leading pharmaceutical companies and pharmaceutical device manufacturers
    (with a primary focus on biopharmaceutical, cerebro-cardiovascular, ophthalmology, tumor treatment and other
    areas), CNCB Fund will be able to share the Group’s R&D and financial risks in such investments, while further
    expanding the scope of development and enhancement of innovative projects.
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020       35
Management Discussion and Analysis


•    Equity Subscription of Revolmmune and Licensing Cooperation of World-wide Innovative
     Vesicular Stomatitis Virus Product
     In July 2020, the Group entered into an equity investment agreement with Shanghai Revolmmune Therapeutics
     Bio-technology Limited (the “Revolmmune”) to invest RMB30 million in Revolmmune and acquired
     approximately 9.7% equity interest in Revolmmune upon fulfillment of relevant conditions. At the same time,
     the principal terms of the product transfer and development cooperation with Revolmmune are subject to
     further negotiation in order to obtain the global exclusive rights of the VSV-GPM product developed by
     Revolmmune for the treatment of colorectal cancer (including the global development, production and
     commercialization rights of the product) and the priority cooperation rights of other products developed by
     Revolmmune, which further strengthened the Group’s presence in the fields of precise intervention diagnosis
     and treatment and tumor immunology.


•    Investment in Nanjing Fund
     In July 2020, the Group committed to investing RMB100 million in Nanjing Chuangyi Dongyin Equity Investment
     Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“Nanjing Fund”) of which the proceeds will be used for the investment in
     medical, healthcare, pharmaceutical and medical device projects.


•    Investment in the New Stent Retriever in the Field of Neurointervention
     In July 2020, the Group, together with Nanjing Fund and Shanghai Hongsheng Enterprise Management
     Partnership (Limited Partnership), subscribed and acquired Nanjing Kainite by phases, upon satisfying relevant
     conditions of the agreement, the Group will ultimately hold 100% equity interest in Nanjing Kainite Medical
     Technology Company Limited (“Nanjing Kainite”) and obtain five medical devices in the area of
     neurointervention including the third-generation thrombotic stent and its ancillary products for the treatment
     of ischemic stroke. The Group will expand its product pipeline in precision interventional diagnosis and
     treatment and build an integrated platform for the R&D, production and sales of medical devices in cardio-
     cerebrovascular intervention diagnosis and treatment.


•    Subscription for Equity Interest in Nanospectra
     In September 2020, Sirtex, the Group’s associate, and Nanospectra Biosciences Inc. (“Nanospectra”) entered
     into a strategic investment agreement, pursuant to which Sirtex made approximately US$1.5 million equity
     investment for approximately 6% of first round series B-1 preferred shares in Nanospectra and has the right to
     appoint a member in the board of director of Nanospectra, and has a limited duration exclusive right of first
     negotiation for development, production and commercialization rights in Europe and Asia of Nanospectra’s
     world-class innovative medical device AuroLase® for solid tumor ablation in the field of precision anti-tumor
     intervention, as well as the exclusive right of first negotiation should Nanospectra seek to transfer a controlling
     interest in the future. Sirtex’s cooperation with Nanospectra has expanded its product portfolio in oncology
     and precision intervention and enhanced its connection to R&D capability in tumor treatment and precision
     interventional diagnostics and treatment as well as strengthened its core competitiveness.




36    China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                               Management Discussion and Analysis


•   Subscribe Shares of Telix and Exclusive Licensing of Six Nuclide — drug conjugates
    In November 2020, the Group and Australia based Telix entered into a share subscription agreement, pursuant
    to which the Group invested US$25 million to subscribe approximately 7.6% equity interests of Telix. In
    addition, the Group entered into an exclusive arrangement with Telix and obtained the right of exclusive in the
    Greater China Region for its six innovative first-in-class RDC drugs which cover three cancer types. The six
    products are TLX591 for treatment of prostate cancer, TLX591-CDx and TLX599-CDx for diagnostics of prostate
    cancer, TLX250 for treatment of clear cell renal cell carcinoma (ccRCC), TLX250-CDx for diagnosis of ccRCC and
    TLX101 for treatment of glioblastoma. The cooperation between the Group and Telix as well as the introduction
    of six radionuclide-drug conjugates will continue to promote the Group’s expansion in the tumor field, which is
    conducive to the formation of the Group’s comprehensive advantages of international layout, differentiated
    innovation and professional development in the tumor field.


•   Entered into Memorandum of Strategic Cooperation with Jiangsu Institute of Nuclear
    Medicine
    In November 2020, the Group and Jiangsu Institute of Nuclear Medicine entered into a memorandum of
    strategic cooperation to reach an agreement on the development, manufacturing, testing and standard
    formulation, preclinical research and intellectual property of radionuclide-drug conjugates, and to establish a
    well-functioning mechanism for long-term cooperation, which will enhance the Group’s capabilities in
    development, preclinical research and commercialization of radionuclide-drug conjugates. Jiangsu Institute of
    Nuclear Medicine is the Key Laboratory of Nuclear Medicine of the National Health Commission of the PRC,
    the Key Laboratory of Molecular Nuclear Medicine of Jiangsu Province, and the Key Discipline (Laboratory) of
    Nuclear Medicine of Jiangsu Province. The institute has become a research base of nuclear medicine that is
    influential both at home and abroad, integrating scientific research, clinical study, information collection and
    technology development. Under the strategic memorandum of cooperation entered into between the Group
    and Jiangsu Institute of Nuclear Medicine, the parties will jointly build a platform for radioactive
    pharmaceuticals, co-develop innovative radiopharmaceuticals, and accelerate the introduction of advanced
    technology as well as manufacturing, development and application of products that are under development or
    have been marketed overseas.


•   Acquisition of Puer Weiye
    In November 2020, the Group and Puer Weiye entered into a share purchase agreement, pursuant to which the
    Group will acquire 100% equity interests in Puer Weiye for a consideration of not more than RMB10 million
    subject to conditions precedent. Upon completion of this acquisition, Puer Weiye will become a subsidiary of
    the Group, and the Group will obtain the “Radioactive Pharmaceutical Production License” and “Radioactive
    Pharmaceutical Trading License”, and obtain the relevant qualifications for the development, production and
    trading of various radionuclide-drug conjugates such as 68Ga, 177Lu, 89Zr, 90Y in Mainland China.




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020      37
Management Discussion and Analysis


•    Entered into Cooperative Framework Agreement on Nuclear and Radiation Safety Center
     In November 2020, the Group and Nuclear and Radiation Safety Center of the Ministry of Ecology and
     Environment of the PRC (“Nuclear and Radiation Safety Center”) entered into a cooperative framework
     agreement. The two parties share a common development strategy in radiation safety and environmental
     protection in use of nuclear technology, and will actively cooperate to build a strong partnership and achieve
     resource optimization by leveraging respective advantages. Nuclear and Radiation Safety Center is the only
     public welfare institution in China that specializes in nuclear safety and technical support for radiation
     environment supervision and management, which is responsible to provide a full scope of technical support for
     China’s civil nuclear facilities and radiation environment supervision.


•    Formation of AuroRNA Biotech and Establishment of mRNA Technology R&D and Production
     Platform
     In November 2020, the Group has further entered into strategic cooperative agreement and product licensing
     agreement with Belgium based eTheRNA, pursuant to which the Group and eTheRNA will set up a joint venture
     company AuroRNA Biotech in Mainland China to build an independent and integrated mRNA technology R&D
     and production platform to conduct R&D and production of mRNA technology. At the same time, AuroRNA
     Biotech will obtain the exclusive licenses of the world’s innovative HPV-positive head and neck cancer products
     in Greater China Region, as well as the right of first negotiation for future products. Formation of AuroRNA
     Biotech and establishment of mRNA technology platform will further optimize the Group’s strategic planning in
     tumor immunotherapy and infectious diseases treatment, and may create synergies with existing pipeline
     product.


•    Subscription for Equity Interest in BlackSwan
     In November 2020, Sirtex, the Group’s associate, and American based BlackSwan Vascular, Inc. (“BlackSwan”)
     entered into a shares purchase agreement. Under the agreement, Sirtex will invest US$5 million in exchange for
     approximately 12.5% equity interests in BlackSwan and Sirtex will appoint an observer member to the board of
     directors. In addition, Sirtex has an option to purchase the remaining shares of BlackSwan at a consideration of
     no more than US$41.5 million in aggregate, within a certain period of time upon the submission of pre-market
     approval (PMA) application of BlackSwan’s products in the United States. In addition, Sirtex’s cooperation with
     BlackSwan may further enrich Sirtex’s product portfolio and expand into new indications for the SIR-Spheres®
     Y-90, which is expected to create synergies for the Group’s existing products and R&D pipeline.


Other than stated above, the Group did not have other material acquisition or disposal during this year.




38    China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                Management Discussion and Analysis



INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Group has been committed to improving its corporate governance to ensure the long-term development.
During the year, the Group published annual and interim reports, and other announcements and circulars on the
websites of the Company and the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited, and issued voluntary
announcements, so as to disclose the latest business developments of the Group to shareholders and investors.


Meantime, although the Group was unable to carry out large-scale on-site visits due to the epidemic, it maintained
active and close contact with investors through various channels, and introduced the Group’s business and
development to investors through diversified communication methods including roadshows organized by securities
companies, large-scale telephone conferences and one-on-one meetings. It also released information on the latest
business development through different media channels, with an aim to establish an open, two-way, transparent and
sincere communication platform, so that investors can immediately understand the business status and prospects of
the Group. During the year, the Group held five promotion events such as new product briefings, results
presentations and corporate days, and participated in dozens of summits, forums, conferences and roadshows held
by large investment banks and securities companies, which attracted hundreds of institutional investors and analysts.
Through communication with investors, the Group hopes to listen to more valuable opinions and extensively collect
feedback from investors by establishing an active and efficient information and communication mechanism, so as to
further enhance its corporate governance.


The Group’s investor relations management helps to establish a high-quality corporate image and convey the core
of technological innovation. It has been highly recognized in the industry in many aspects. The Group won the
awards of the “3rd New Fortune HK Listed Company with the Best IR (H Shares)” in March 2020, “Most Growth
Technology Listed Company (最具成長科技類上市公司)” in November 2020 and 5th Golden Hong Kong Stock “Best
Pharmaceutical and Medical Company” of 2020 (二零二零年度第五屆金港股「最佳醫藥及醫療公司」) in January 2021.


OUTLOOK AND FUTURE PROSPECTS
As the COVID-19 pandemic swept the world in 2020, the global economy has been hit hard. Benefiting from the
effective control of the epidemic in China, the domestic pharmaceutical industry has forged ahead with a cumulative
increase of 46% since the beginning of the year, making it one of the few industries to benefit from the epidemic. In
order to better adapt to the epidemic and the new trend of domestic industry changes, the Group adheres to being
driven by scientific and technological innovation, increasing investment in global innovative products and advanced
technologies, so as to avoid the trend of low price competition of domestic homogenized drugs in the future.
Implementing the strategy of “global expansion and dual-cycle operation”, it is the target of the Group to
consolidate its leadership among the industry participants with a strategic forward-looking vision of the world while
establishing a firm foothold in the domestic market.


The gradually improved new RDC segment and another victory in radiopharmaceutical
reserves
Given the fact that the homogeneous competition becomes increasingly tense and China’s pharmaceutical industry
has ushered in the decisive point of survival of the fittest since the development of the domestic pharmaceutical
industry, the Group concentrates its attention on the innovative products and segments with high entry barriers that
have not yet met clinical needs. In order to provide better medical solutions for patients around the world, the Group
will continue to develop innovative products and advanced technologies while consolidating its advantageous areas.



                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020      39
Management Discussion and Analysis


In 2020, after SIR-Spheres ® Y-90 resin microsphere, the Group continued to explore in the radionuclide
pharmaceutical drugs. For the field of cancer diagnostics and treatment, the Group has reached strategic
cooperation with Australia based Telix, Jiangsu Institute of Nuclear Medicine, Nuclear and Radiation Safety Center
of the PRC and Puer Weiye, focusing on high-innovation, high-barrier RDC drugs, which is the Group’s another major
strategic deployment to keep exploring radioactive pharmaceuticals, so as to gradually improve the entire industry
chain of radioactive pharmaceuticals. The Group currently has an innovative world-class radionuclide product, SIR-
Spheres® Y-90 resin microspheres, and six innovative first-in-class radionuclide-drug conjugates introduced by the
strategic cooperation with Telix, covering the diagnosis and treatment of liver cancer, prostate cancer, clear cell
renal cell carcinoma and glioblastoma. The high barriers of radionuclide drugs are not only reflected in the difficulties
of product research and development, but also in the acquisition of qualifications for the production and operation
of RDC drugs. Through cooperation with outstanding enterprises and units in various fields such as research and
development, production, sales and supervision, the industrial chain is gradually improving and the Group’s
comprehensive advantages in the field of radionuclide-drug conjugates have been consolidated. In the future, the
Group will strive to build a world-leading platform for radionuclide-drug conjugates. Up to present, the Group
possesses “Radioactive Pharmaceutical Production License”, “Radioactive Pharmaceutical Trading License” and
“Permit for Radiation Safety”. It is expected that the Group will become the second Hong Kong listed company that
is permitted to engage in radiopharmaceutical production, operation and development related businesses. RDC
drugs are still in the early stage of development in China. According to Frost & Sullivan, entering a period of rapid
growth, the compound annual growth rate of China’s radiopharmaceutical industry is about 18.6%. It is estimated
that the total domestic market will reach RMB10.6 billion in 2022. Both of the vast market space and comprehensive
operating qualifications lay a solid foundation for the Group’s sales of innovative first-in-class radioactive
pharmaceutical. The Group is also expected to occupy a leading position in the RDC field in China.


Gradual appearance of comprehensive advantages under the in-depth layout in multi-
pipelines and multi-platforms
2020 was a year full of turmoil and anxiety due to an epidemic. While the overall international economy took a hard
hit, the pharmaceutical industry has been pushed to the position surrounded by challenges and opportunities and
advanced in twists and turns under the effective domestic control of the epidemic. On one hand, the overall
performance of medicines was flat due to the impact of centralized procurement while medical devices were under
dual pressure from the epidemic and centralized procurement. On the other hand, the performance of immunization-
related medical products as well as consumer medical equipment and services continued turning for the better
during the epidemic. In other words, only the coordination of multi-fields and the expansion of the scope of business
collaboration can promote the steady development of an innovative collaboration model in a turbulent competitive
environment.




40     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                Management Discussion and Analysis


After years of dedicating itself in exploring market shares, the Group has successfully transformed from a
pharmaceutical ingredients factory to a technologically innovative international pharmaceutical company integrating
pharmaceutical products and advanced medical devices. While retaining the businesses of pharmaceutical
ingredients and core pharmaceutical preparations, the innovation pipeline focuses on the four core therapeutic areas
of anti-tumor, cerebro-cardiovascular, anti-virus and anti-infection and respiratory and ENT. The Group prospectively
implements a global innovation-driven deployment in cutting-edge technologies including precision interventional
diagnosis and treatment, radionuclide-drug conjugates therapy and immunity therapy through obtaining a series of
innovative pharmaceutical products that are globally exclusive with broad market prospects from the United States,
Australia, Europe, Canada and other countries with first-class pharmaceutical capabilities by means of “self-
development” and “global expansion”. For the technological innovation, the Group has four technology R&D
platforms and five R&D centers around the world. Expanding global innovative products and international cutting-
edge technologies in four core areas, the Group’s comprehensive strength is becoming much more complete. In the
future, the Group will give full play to its own comprehensive advantages and continuously develop technical barrier
products and branded pharmaceutical products. In order to establish its market leadership, the Group will keep
enriching its innovative products to consolidate and strengthen the existing fields of comparative advantages by
adhering to the dual-wheel driving development strategy of independent R&D and domestic and international
investment and M&A.


Continuous extension of the innovative products pipeline and the harvest period of the
innovative products
Compared with developed countries, the concentration of the domestic pharmaceutical industry is relatively low.
Apart from the few exclusive products with high added-value and high innovation, most of the pharmaceutical
companies are mainly engaged in generic drugs, leading a serious homogeneity of the pharmaceutical products. In
addition, the national centralized procurement of drugs becomes a normalized operation mode, and the competitive
landscape in the domestic pharmaceutical industry has further intensified. Facing such increasingly fierce industry
environment, the continuous reserve of highly innovative and high-barrier products with global competitiveness
becomes the hardcore power of an enterprise’s sustainable development.


In recent years, the Group has orderly deployed the technological innovation achievements and continuously
strengthened the external M&A to complete the rapid development. By making full use of the opportunities from
integration of the domestic pharmaceutical industry and increased concentration, the depth and breadth of external
M&A as well as the acquisition of high-quality resources shall be accelerated, so that the outreach growth may be
achieved. In the field of cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment, two drug-coating
balloon products, RESTORE and APERTO, have successfully completed commercialization. The Group will expand
the market coverage of the two products through multiple channels and directions. The two in vitro diagnostic
products, namely NOVASIGHT Hybrid (intravascular ultrasound/optical coherence tomography system) and
FORESIGHT ICE (3D intracardiac echocardiography), have broad application prospects in terms of coronary artery
imaging and intracavity intervention surgery. With reference of mature interventional technology and stent of
coronary and peripheral, LONG (neurological intervention stent retriever product) can extend a patient’s treatment
window from 6 hours to 24 hours of drug treatment, becoming a new clinical method for treating cerebral stroke. The
Group will accelerate the development of vascular imaging diagnostics and neurological interventional products,
and further expand its deployment in terms of structural cardiac disease, electrophysiology and heart failure, with a
goal of gradually building an innovative, high-barrier and sustainable platform for cerebro-cardiovascular precision
interventional diagnosis and treatment.



                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020      41
Management Discussion and Analysis


The Group has been dedicated to the research and development of anti-tumor. It has 12 innovative pharmaceutical
products globally, covering 9 major solid tumors (including hepatocellular carcinoma, colorectal cancer, ccRCC,
prostate cancer, glioblastoma, metastatic melanoma, triple negative breast cancer, squamous cell carcinoma and
HPV-positive head and neck cancer). The variety and quantity of the Group’s product pipeline are at the leading level
in this industry. SIR-Spheres ® Y-90 resin microsphere, an innovative product in the field of anti-tumor, is a tumor
interventional nuclide product with world-leading technology and the only radioactive microspheres approved by the
FDA. It has been given to over 100,000 people in over 50 countries and regions around the world. With its remarkable
clinical efficacy, SIR-Spheres ® Y-90 resin microsphere has been covered by guidelines and recommended for
treatment in several counties around the world with clear clinical demands delineated. The launch of such global
innovative product has been formally accepted by the NMPA last year, which is expected to bring a new treatment
resolution to Chinese liver cancer patients soon. It was also recommended by National Institute for Health and Care
Excellence (NICE) in March 2021 and approved by the FDA of United States to conduct clinical trials on primary liver
cancer. In the field of anti-tumor, the new drug application of TLX591-CDx, a diagnostic RDC drug for prostate
cancer, has been accepted by the FDA in the United States. TLX250CDx, a diagnostic product for clear cell renal cell
carcinoma, has been granted breakthrough therapy designation by the FDA in the United States. TLX101, a
diagnostic and treatment product for glioblastoma, has been granted orphan drug designation by the FDA in the
United States. Overseas clinical studies of a variety of products are advancing simultaneously. In the field of tumor
immunotherapy, the clinical trial of TAVOTM, the world’s innovative genetic immunotherapy, in combination with anti-
PD-1 checkpoint inhibitor KEYTRUDA ® for the treatment of advanced metastatic melanoma has made a
breakthrough. It is the Group’s expectation to submit an application for accelerated approval by the FDA in the
United States based on such clinical trial results. The application of mRNA platform through investing in the Belguim
based eTheRNA is similar to the TAVOTM platform of United States based OncoSec in terms of high expandability. In
addition to the availability of extensive deployment in tumor immunotherapy, the two platforms are also able to carry
out rapid product development in the vaccines for infectious diseases and orphan drugs.


In the field of anti-infection, the two new sepsis drugs function from antagonizing the body’s excessive immune
response and antagonizing various type of pathogen-associated molecule, which will result in a good synergistic
effect in the treatment of sepsis. Of which, since the STC3141 is related to ARDS caused by coronavirus disease due
to its mechanism, in May 2020, the Group was approved to conduct a phase II clinical study for ARDS caused by
coronavirus disease and a phase Ib clinical study for sepsis in Australia. In the field of respiratory and ENT, the Group
has also reserved innovative products, including the treatment of dry eye disease, pterygium and allergic rhinitis, to
further enhance its core advantages and its competitiveness that differentiates it from other market players.




42     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                Management Discussion and Analysis



Financial Resources and Liquidity
As at 31 December 2020, the Group had current assets of HK$5,318.96 million (31 December 2019: HK$3,816.32
million) and current liabilities of HK$4,302.93 million (31 December 2019: HK$3,589.56 million). The current ratio was
1.24 at 31 December 2020 as compared with 1.06 at 31 December 2019.


The Group’s cash and bank balances as at 31 December 2020 amounted to HK$1,836.70 million (31 December 2019:
HK$1,059.27 million), of which approximately 7.0% were denominated in Hong Kong Dollars, United States Dollars,
Australian Dollars, Euro and 93.0% in Renminbi.


As at 31 December 2020, the Group had outstanding bank loans of approximately HK$2,345.69 million (31 December
2019: HK$2,010.16 million) were granted by banks in the Mainland China and Hong Kong, China. All bank loans were
denominated in RMB and HK$. The interest rates charged by banks ranged from 2.60% to 6.89% (31 December 2019:
2.92% to 6.89%) per annum, in which approximately HK$1,199.84 million bank loans were charged at fixed interest
rates. Certain bank loans were pledged by assets of the Group with a net book value of HK$86.22 million (31
December 2019: HK$287.89 million). The gearing ratio of the Group, measured by bank borrowings as a percentage
of shareholders’ equity, was reduced to approximately 20.9% as at 31 December 2020 as compared with
approximately 24.0% as at 31 December 2019.


Since the Group’s principal activities are in the PRC and the financial resources available, including cash on hand and
bank borrowings, are mainly in Renminbi and Hong Kong Dollars, the exposure to foreign exchange fluctuation is
relatively low.


The Group intends to principally finance its operations and investing activities with its operating revenue, internal
resources and bank facilities. The Directors believe that the Group has a healthy financial position and has sufficient
resources to satisfy its capital expenditure and working capital requirement. The Group adopted a conservative
treasury policy with most of the bank deposits being kept in Hong Kong dollars, or in the local currencies of the
operating subsidiaries to minimize exposure to foreign exchange risks. As at 31 December 2020, the Group did not
have foreign exchange contracts, interest or currency swaps or other financial derivatives for hedging purposes.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020      43
Management Discussion and Analysis



Updates on Significant Matters
With reference to the disclosure in the 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019 annual report of the Company, Tianjin Jingming
New Technology Development Co., Ltd. (the “Tianjin Jingming”), an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company, is undertaking certain litigations related to a product quality incident, and it is also claiming the original
shareholders of the Tianjin Jingming for the indemnification of those possible loss suffered by the Company. Up to
31 December 2020, the court has concluded 51 cases, and Tianjin Jingming has appealed 4 cases against the
judgement of first instance with aggregate compensation of approximately RMB3.15 million. Among the final and
effective judgements, Tianjin Jingming has paid the compensation and the related legal charges of approximately
RMB24.90 million in according to the court order. The other related litigations of the product quality incident have
not yet been concluded. Given that (1) such product is not the core product of the Group, and (2) according to the
terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming should
be responsible for the compensation of such product incident until 30 June 2015, and Grand Pharm (China) had
claimed the original shareholders of the Tianjin Jingming for the indemnification of those possible loss suffered.
According to the final judgment by the court, the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming should compensate to us
approximately RMB8.09 million as the existing compensate and liquidated damages at the point of raising litigation.
Grand Pharm (China) also has the right to raise litigation claiming the original shareholders of the Tianjin Jingming
for the indemnification related to such product quality incident made by Tianjin Jingming in the future, the Directors
therefore are of the view that the said incident and the related litigations do not have material impact to the Group.


According to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the vendors have undertaken to the
Group that the net profit after tax (the “Actual Profit”) from domestic sales (only include the net profit generated
from domestic sales and shall not include the profit generated from the sales of irrigating solutions (灌注液)) of
Tianjin Jingming for the period commencing on 1 January 2015 and ending on 30 June 2015 shall not be less than
RMB5 million (the “Performance Guarantee”). If the above Performance Guarantee cannot be met, the Group can
claim for a refund of part of the consideration in according to the formula set out in the announcement of the
Company dated 22 December 2014. The Group was in a litigation against those vendors in related to the said
Performance Guarantee, and after the first trial, second trial and retrial from the court, the court granted the final
judgement in December 2020. It is concluded that the Group can get back the RMB10 million share transfer
consideration currently deposited in the bank account jointly controlled by the Group and the vendors. The vendors
should also additionally refund approximately RMB11.2 million share transfer consideration to the Group in
according to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming. Up to the date of this report, the
Group has followed the judgement from the court and get back the RMB10 million deposited in the bank account
jointly controlled by the Group and the vendors.


PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
The Group’s financial condition, results of operations, and business prospects may be affected directly or indirectly,
by a number of risks and uncertainties pertaining to the Group’s businesses. To the best of knowledge and belief,
the Directors consider that the following are the key risks and uncertainties identified by the Group as at the date of
this report.




44     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                 Management Discussion and Analysis



Market Risks
Market risk is the risk that deteriorates profitability or affects ability to meet business objectives arising from the
movement in market prices, being foreign exchange rates and interest rates. The management of the Group
manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective
manner.


Foreign Exchange Rates Risk
The Group mainly operates in the PRC with most of the transactions settled in Renminbi. During the year ended 31
December 2020, the Group did not carry out any hedging activity against foreign currency risk. Any substantial
exchange rate fluctuation of foreign currencies against Renminbi may have a financial impact on the Group.


Interest Rate Risk
For interest-sensitive products and investments, the Group analyses its interest rate exposure on a dynamic basis and
considers managing the risk in a cost-effective manner when appropriate, through variety of means.


Liquidity Risk
Liquidity risk is the potential that the Group will be unable to meet its obligations when they fall due because of an
inability to obtain adequate funding or liquidate assets. In managing liquidity risk, the Group monitors cash flows
and maintains an adequate level of cash and cash equivalent to ensure the ability to finance the Group’s operations
and reduce the effects of fluctuation in cash flows.


Operational Risk
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from
external events. Responsibility for managing operational risks basically rests with every function at divisional and
departmental levels. Key functions in the Group are guided by their standard operating procedures, limits of
authority and reporting framework. The management will identify and assess key operational exposures regularly so
that appropriate risk response can be taken.


Investment Risk
Investment risk can be defined as the likelihood of occurrence of losses relative to the expected return on any
particular investment. Key concern of investment framework will be balancing risk and return across different
investments, and thus risk assessment is a core aspect of the investment decision process. Proper authorisation
system has been set up and detailed analysis will be made before approving investments. Regular updates on the
progress of the investments of the Group would be submitted to the Board.


Economic Environment
Most of the Group’s facilities, operations and its revenue are located in and derived from Mainland China and Hong
Kong, the PRC. The Group’s results of operations and financial condition therefore depend on the economies of
Mainland China and Hong Kong, the PRC. The economy of Hong Kong is significantly affected by the developments
in the Mainland China and the Asia-Pacific region. Mainland China’s economy may experience negative economic
developments, and other regional economies may also deteriorate.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020      45
Management Discussion and Analysis


The Group also has significant business across the PRC and part of its growth strategy is to expand into new regions.
These regions have also been adversely affected by the global economic slowdown and any continued slowdown
may have an adverse effect on the Group’s existing operations in, and planned expansion into, these regions.


Environmental Policies
The Group is committed to contributing to the sustainability of the environment and is committed to building an
environmentally-friendly corporation that pays close attention to conserving natural resources. The Group strives to
minimize its environmental impact by reducing water consumption and encouraging recycle of office supplies and
other materials.


Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations
Save as disclosed above, during the year ended 31 December 2020, as far as the Company is aware, there was no
material breach of or non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations by the Group that have a significant
impact on the business and operations of the Group.


Key Relationships
(i)    Employees
       Human resources are one of the greatest assets of the Group and the Group regards the personal development
       of its employees as highly important. The Group aims to continue to be an attractive employer for committed
       employees. The Group strives to motivate its employees with a clear career path and opportunities for
       advancement and improvement of their skills.


(ii)   Suppliers
       The Group has developed long-standing relationships with a number of suppliers and take a great care to
       ensure that they share its commitment to quality and ethics. The Group cautiously selects its suppliers and
       requires them to satisfy certain assessment criteria including experience, reputation and quality control
       effectiveness.


(iii) Customers
       The Group is committed to offer quality products to its customers and keep them informed its latest business
       developments.


EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY
As at 31 December 2020, the Group employed about 8,722 staff and workers in Mainland China and overseas (31
December 2019: about 8,485). The Group remunerates its employees based on their performance and experience
and their remuneration package will be reviewed periodically by the management. Other employee benefits include
medical insurance, retirement scheme, appropriate training program and share option scheme.




46      China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                 Management Discussion and Analysis



Issue of new shares and use of proceeds
On 1 August 2020, the Company entered into a placing agreement with China International Capital Corporation
Hong Kong Securities Limited (“Placing Agent”), pursuant to which the Placing Agent has conditionally agreed to act
as agent for the Company, to place, or procure the placing of, on a best effort basis, up to a total of 172,000,000 new
shares at the placing price of HK$5.90 per placing share to not less than six placees. The closing price was HK$7.34
per share on 31 July 2020 (being the last trading day of the shares immediately preceding the date of signing of the
placing agreement. On 10 August 2020, the Company completed the allotment and issuance of 172,000,000 ordinary
shares with nominal value of HK$1.72 million. After deducting the placing commission and the related fees and
expenses, the aggregate net proceeds were approximately HK$1,013.60 million, represents the net price per placing
share is approximately HK$5.89, and are expected to in the research and development projects (including but not
limited to its existing and future domestic and overseas projects on research and development of pharmaceutical
products), expansion of our research team and investment in technology. For the year ended 31 December 2020,
there were approximately HK$613.11 million out of the proceeds applied to the usage stated above. It is expected
that the remaining proceeds will be fully utilized in 2021.


CONTRACTUAL AND CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
As at 31 December 2020, the Group as lessor had operating lease commitments of HK$0.12 million (2019: HK$0.52
million).


As at 31 December 2020, the Group had capital commitments of HK$108.70 million (2019: HK$7.65 million).


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENT
There was no other significant investment during the year.


EVENTS AFTER THE ACCOUNTING PERIOD
The board lot size for trading in the shares of the Company on the Stock Exchange changed from 4,000 Shares to
500 Shares with effect from 9:00 a.m. on Friday, 5 February 2021. The purpose is to lower the threshold for investors
to purchase the Shares, thus facilitating the trading and improving the liquidity of the Shares, which will enable the
Company to attract more investors and therefore broaden the shareholders’ base of the Company. For further details
please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 15 January 2021.


On 8 February 2021, the Company entered into a share purchase agreement with East Ocean Capital (Hong Kong)
Limited, pursuant to which the Company acquired approximately 50.13% of the entire issued share capital of the East
Ocean Medical (Hong Kong) Company Limited at a consideration of US$12,000,000. For further details please refer
to the announcement of the Company dated 8 February 2021.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
As at 31 December 2020, the Directors were not aware of any material contingent liabilities.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020      47
Management Discussion and Analysis



APPRECIATION
On behalf of the board of Directors (the “Board”), I would like to express my gratitude to our management and staff
for their dedication and contribution to the Group, and our shareholders and business associates for their continued
support throughout the year.




Liu Chengwei
Chairman


Hong Kong, 17 March 2021




48    China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                Corporate Governance Report


The Company has complied with all the applicable code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (the “Code
Provisions”) as set out in Appendix 14 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on the
Stock Exchange during the year ended 31 December 2020:


DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
Code”) as set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct for securities transactions by
Directors. Having made specific enquiries of all Directors, the Directors have complied with the required standard set
out in the Model Code during the year ended 31 December 2020.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board is responsible for formulating and reviewing business strategies and directions, overseeing the
management and monitoring the performance of the Group. While the management is delegated by the Board to
execute these business strategies and directions and is responsible for the daily operations of the Group.


Currently, the Board comprises 4 executive Directors — Mr. Liu Chengwei, Mr. Hu Bo, Dr. Shao Yan and Dr. Niu
Zhanqi and 3 independent non-executive Directors — Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie, Mr. Hu Yebi and Dr. Pei Geng. Mr.
Liu Chengwei is the Chairman and Dr. Shao Yan is the Chief Executive Officer. There is no relationship among
members of the Board.


The roles of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer are clearly defined and segregated to ensure
independence and proper checks and balances. Mr. Liu, as Chairman of the Board, with his strategic vision, provides
leadership to the Board and gives direction in the development of the Group, which is of added benefit to the check
and balance mechanism of the Group. Dr. Shao, as the Chief Executive Officer, focuses on the day- to-day
management of the Group’s business, and leads the management team of the Group.


The Board believes that the balance between executive and non-executive Directors is reasonable and adequate to
provide check and balance that safeguard the interests of shareholders and the Group.


The Company has received annual confirmation of independence from all independent non-executive Directors in
accordance with Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers that all independent non-executive Directors
are independent and meet the independent guidelines set out in the Listing Rules.


All Directors are appointed for a term of one year and are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at the
general meetings in accordance with the Company’s Bye-Laws.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020      49
Corporate Governance Report



TRAINING, INDUCTION AND CONTINUING DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS
Each Director receives comprehensive, formal and tailored induction on the first occasion of his/her appointment so
as to ensure the he/she has appropriate understanding of the business and operations of the Company and that he/
she is fully aware of his/her responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant regulatory
requirements.


The Company is committed to arranging and funding suitable training to all Directors for their continuous
professional development. Each Director is briefed and updated from time to time to ensure that he/she is fully
aware of his/her responsibilities under the Listing Rules and applicable legal and regulatory requirements and the
governance policies of the Group. All Directors also understand the importance of continuous professional
development and are committed to participating any suitable training to develop and refresh their knowledge and
skills.


AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Company has established an audit committee with written terms of reference for the purpose of monitoring the
integrity of the financial statements and overseeing the financial reporting process and the internal control system of
the Group. The audit committee is also responsible for the appointment of external auditors and assessment of their
qualifications, independence and performance.


Currently, the audit committee consists of three independent non-executive Directors namely, Ms. So Tosi Wan,
Winnie (Chairwoman), Mr. Hu Yebi and Dr. Pei Geng. Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie has appropriate professional
qualifications as required by 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules.


The audit committee held three meetings during the year ended 31 December 2020 and reviewed the accounting
principles and practices adopted by the Group and discussed financial reporting matters including a review of the
interim and annual financial statements. The audit committee also met with the external auditors to discuss auditing,
internal control, statutory compliance and financial reporting matters before recommending the financial statements
to the Board for approval. There was no disagreement between management and the external auditors with regard
to the interim and annual financial statements.


REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The Company has established a remuneration committee with written terms of reference. Currently, the
remuneration committee is chaired by Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie with an executive Director Mr. Liu Chengwei and an
independent non-executive Director Mr. Hu Yebi as members.


The remuneration committee is responsible for making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and
structure for the remuneration of all Directors and senior management and reviewing specific remuneration package
of all Directors and senior management including any compensation payable for loss or termination of their office
and appointment. The remuneration should reflect the performance, complexity of duties and responsibility of the
individual. The remuneration committee met once during the year to review the remuneration policy for all Directors
and senior management.


The remuneration of Directors and senior management comprises salary, pensions and discretionary bonus. Details
of the Directors’ emoluments for the year ended 31 December 2020 are set out in note 15 to the consolidated
financial statements.



50    China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                  Corporate Governance Report



NOMINATION COMMITTEE
The Company has established a nomination committee with written terms of reference. Currently, the nomination
committee is chaired by Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie with an executive Director Dr. Shao Yan and an independent non-
executive Director Mr. Hu Yebi as members.


The nomination committee is responsible for assisting the Board in the overall management of the nomination
practices of the Company to ensure that effective policies, processes and practices are implemented in respect of
the appointment and removal of Directors. The nomination committee considers the past performance, qualification,
general market conditions and the Company’s Bye-laws in seeking and recommending candidates for directorship.


The nomination committee held a meeting in 2020 to review the structure, size and composition of the Board, assess
the independence of the independent non-executive Directors and other related matters of the Company.


ATTENDANCE RECORD AT MEETINGS
The attendance records of each Director at the various meetings of the Company during the year ended 31
December 2020 are set out as below:


                                                             Meetings Attended/Held
                                        Annual
                                       General                              Audit    Remuneration       Nomination
Directors                             Meeting             Board       Committee         Committee       Committee


Mr. Liu Chengwei                            1/1            27/27              N/A               1/1              N/A
Mr. Hu Bo                                   1/1            27/27              N/A              N/A               N/A
Dr. Shao Yan                                1/1            27/27              N/A              N/A               1/1
Dr. Niu Zhanqi                              1/1            27/27              N/A              N/A               N/A
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie                     1/1            27/27               3/3              1/1              1/1
Mr. Hu Yebi                                 1/1            27/27               3/3              1/1              1/1
Dr. Pei Geng                                1/1            27/27               3/3             N/A               N/A

AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
During the year, the auditors performed the work of statutory audit for the year of 2020.


Audit fees for the year under review payable/paid to the auditors of the Company, HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng
Limited, amounted to HK$3,400,000.


FINANCIAL REPORTING
The Board has overall responsibility for preparing the accounts of the Group. In preparing the accounts, the generally
accepted accounting policies in Hong Kong have been adopted and the Group has complied with accounting
standards issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Appropriate accounting policies have
also been applied consistently. The Directors are not aware of any other material uncertainties relating to events or
conditions that may cast doubt upon the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020    51
Corporate Governance Report



RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board acknowledges that it has overall responsibility for the Group’s risk management and internal control
systems and for reviewing their effectiveness. The Company has an internal audit team which carries out the analysis
and independent appraisal of the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal
control systems and reports to the Board. The Board also ensures that the review of the effectiveness of these
systems has been conducted annually. Several areas have been considered during the Board’s review, which include
but not limited to (i) the changes in the nature and extent of significant risks since the last annual review, and the
Group’s ability to respond to changes in its business and the external environment (ii) the scope and quality of
management’s ongoing monitoring of risks and of the internal control systems.


During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Board has conducted its regular and annual review of the
effectiveness of our risk management and internal control systems, in particular, the operational and financial reports,
compliance control and risk management reports, budgets and business plans provided by the management. The
audit committee of the Company also performs regular review of the Group’s performance, risk management and
internal control systems and discusses with the Board, in order to ensure effective measures are in place to protect
material assets and identify business risks of the Group. Such review in the year ended 31 December 2020 did not
reveal any major issues and the Board considers our risk management and internal control systems effective and
adequate. The Group’s review procedures involved in the risk management and internal control mainly included:


(1)   A list of risks was created after the scope of risks was determined and risks were identified.


(2)   The impacts brought by possible financial losses due to risks on operating efficiency, continuous development,
      and reputation were assessed with reference to possible occurrence of various potential risks and the attention
      drawn from the management of the Group, based on which the priority of the risks was determined.


(3)   Our risk management measures with respect to material risks were identified, internal control over the design
      and implementation of risk management measures were assessed, and measures to improve the weaknesses
      were formulated.


(4)   By assessing internal controls and management’s implementation of rectification measures with respect to
      material risks, the Group regularly reviewed and summarized the risk management and internal control systems
      to realize the efficient operation and constant improvement of risk management.


(5)   The risk management handbook was formulated to address risk management and internal control, pursuant to
      which, the terms of reference of the management, the Board, and the Audit Committee with respect to their
      risk management work were clearly determined, and risk management and internal control systems were
      monitored on an ongoing basis.


(6)   The management submitted reports to the Audit Committee on regular reviews and assessment results with
      respect to risk management and internal control systems, material risk factors, and the relevant
      countermeasures.




52     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                 Corporate Governance Report


In order to enhance the Group’s system of handling inside information, and to ensure the truthfulness, accuracy,
completeness and timeliness of its public disclosures, the Group also adopts and implements an inside information
policy and procedures. Certain reasonable measures have been taken from time to time to ensure that proper
safeguards exist to prevent a breach of a disclosure requirement in relation to the Group, which include:


(1)   The access of information is restricted to a limited number of employees on a need-to-know basis. Employees
      who are in possession of inside information are fully conversant with their obligations to preserve
      confidentiality.


(2)   Confidentiality agreements or confidentiality clauses are in place when the Group enters into significant
      negotiations.


(3)   The executive Directors are designated persons who speak on behalf of the Company when communicating
      with external parties such as the media, analysts or investors.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS
The Board has adopted the terms of reference on corporate governance functions. The terms of reference of the
Board in respect of corporate governance function are summarised as follows:


•     to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;


•     to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
      management;


•     to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices to ensure compliance with legal and regulatory
      requirements;


•     to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees
      and Directors; and


•     to review the Company’s compliance with the Code Provisions and its disclosure requirements in the Corporate
      Governance Report.


The work performed by the Board on corporate governance functions during the year ended 31 December 2020
included developing and reviewing the Company’s policies on corporate governance and review the Company’s
compliance with the Code Provisions.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020   53
Corporate Governance Report



COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS
The Company establishes different communication channels with shareholders and investors. Printed copies of the
annual and interim reports and circulars are sent to shareholders. Shareholders are encouraged to attend general
meetings of the Company which allows the Directors to meet and communicate with them.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the
Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written
requisition to the Board or the secretary of the company, to require a special general meeting to be called by the
Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition.


Any number of shareholders representing not less than one-twentieth of the total voting rights of all the shareholders
of the Company or not less than 100 shareholders can put forward any proposed resolution or the business to be
dealt with at general meetings of the Company by depositing a requisition in writing at the principal office of the
Company. The requisition must be signed by the relevant shareholder(s).


Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns to the Board in writing through the company
secretary of the Company whose contact details are as follows:


Unit 3302, The Center,
99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong
Email: victor.foo@chinagrandpharm.com


Shareholders may also make enquiries with the Board at the general meetings of the Company.


CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
In 2012, the Company adopted certain amendments on the Bye-laws of the Company in order to bring the Bye- laws
in line with (i) current amendments made to the Listing Rules came into effect on 1 January 2012 and 1 April 2012;
and (ii) amendments of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda pursuant to the Companies Amendment (No. 2) Act
2011 in Bermuda which became operative on 18 December 2011. The amended Bye-laws of the Company is available
on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.




54     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                Environment, Social and Governance Report


This report is prepared by the Company in accordance with the Environment, Social and Governance Reporting
Guidelines as set out in Appendix 27 of the Listing Rules. This report covers entities with substantial effect to the
financial and actual operational process, mainly being the companies and production plants located in Wuhan City,
Hubei Province, the PRC. Save as otherwise indicated, the data and contents in this report are all in relation to the
period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020.


THE BOARD’S ESG COMMITMENT
The Board has overall responsibility for the Group’s ESG strategy and reporting. The Board is committed to
determining the most effective way to integrate ESG considerations into its structure and committees. The Group
also evaluates and monitors ESG-related risks and ensures these risks are thoroughly considered in the process of
decision making and embedded into the management of risk and opportunities across the Group.


The Group strives to achieve a high level of public transparency by regularly engaging stakeholders and disclosing
information in a timely and accurate manner. The Group maintains regular exchanges and dialogues with peers,
investors and other stakeholders to share the updates of ESG-related risks and regulatory requirements etc. The
Group also tracks existing and emerging regulations to ensure that its ESG policies, processes and disclosures meet
expectations.


Legal compliance is an essential pillar for sound corporate governance and underpins sustainable operations. The
Group confirmed that it has established appropriate and effective management policies and internal control systems
for ESG issues during the Reporting Period, and confirmed that the disclosed contents are in compliance with the
requirements of the ESG Reporting Guide.


THE GROUP’S ESG APPROACH
The Board and senior management of the Group are involved in the materiality assessment in identifying material
ESG issues that impact the Group’s business operation. The management of the Group actively participates in the
optimisation of existing operation plans, fully supports various resources and strives to integrate ESG matters into
the daily operation and management of the enterprise.


The Group has a vision for its operation practices and the provision of quality products and excellent services. The
Group not only abides by strict standards and requirements to ensure the highest quality of its products, but also
sticks to develop innovative products to meet the global healthcare demand and improve the quality of life. The
Group is committed to becoming a pioneer in core technology, increasing investment in research and development,
recruiting talents around the world, maintaining innovation in various business areas, complying with relevant rules
and regulations, and continuously improving the quality management system, so as to achieve stable product quality
to meet customer requirements.


The Group is well aware that the development, promotion and sale of pharmaceutical products are related to public
health. Therefore, the Group’s will put the products safety and service quality, including the development,
production, testing and after-sales of products, in an important position when setting ESG management objectives.
At the same time, the Group will focus on more safe, more effective or more cost-effective innovative drugs to meet
the actual needs of patients and maximise social benefits taking into account the unmet medical demands of the
international pharmaceutical market. The Group will consider the effect of operational activities on the environment
in order to build a green, harmonious and sustainable society with all stakeholders.



                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020      55
Environment, Social and Governance Report



COMMUNICATIONS WITH STAKEHOLDERS
Key stakeholders of the Group include shareholders and investors, government and regulatory authorities,
customers, suppliers, employees and communities. The Group strives to communicate with the stakeholders from
time to time to understand their opinions and expectations, and assist the Group to continuously improve and
enhance the comprehensive management ability and level of the enterprise through effective and diversified
communication channels so as to satisfy the needs of the stakeholders. The Group has identified the stakeholders as
follows:


Stakeholders                 Shared objectives                               Communication and feedback channels


Shareholders and             — Steady growth in return on investments        — General meetings
  investors                  — Asset preservation and appreciation           — Annual report and announcement
                             — Explore new markets and opportunities         — Investor meetings
                             — Prevent operational risks                     — Press release
                             — Safeguard information rights


Government and               — Strict compliance with relevant laws and      — Email and telephone communication
  regulatory authorities        regulations                                  — Tax payment
                             — Safe production                               — Implementation of national policies
                             — Pay tax in accordance with law


Customers                    — Provide premium products                      — Corporate website
                             — Product safety                                — Technical training and seminar
                             — Provide sustainable innovative products       — Product release conference
                             — Create win-win situation                      — On-site visit
                             — Offer refined customer service and
                                communication channels


Suppliers                    — Product safety                                — Evaluation on suppliers
                             — Fair and open procurement                     — On-site inspection
                             — Win-win cooperation                           — Daily communication


Employees                    — Protect employees’ benefits and rights        — Staff training
                             — Promote occupational health and safety        — Staff care activities
                             — Provide equal employment opportunities        — Staff interview
                             — Build a platform for growth and diversified   — Internal email
                                development
                             — Work-life balance


Community                    — Facilitate employment                         — Provide employment opportunities
                             — Enhance local economic development            — Promote local economic development
                             — Strengthen environmental protection and       — Improve infrastructure in locality
                                reduce pollution on environment              — Poverty alleviation
                                                                             — Voluntary services



56     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                Environment, Social and Governance Report



ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY AND PERFORMANCE
Environmental protection responsibility is a must to an enterprise, which shall ensure the sustainability of the
environment and resources through committed efforts during its management and operation process. In this
connection, the Group aimed to develop its environmental management system and improve environment-related
policies, adopt long-effective environmental management and supervisory means, adhere to the corporate
environmental protection principles of placing environmental friendliness as the first priority, taking precaution as
the main measure, adopting comprehensive rectification and management and implementing energy-saving and
emission reduction in the production process in order to practically assume our corporate social responsibility and
achieve the best environmental performance.


Abiding by the rules and regulations as stipulated in Law of the People’s Republic of China on Environmental
Protection, Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Water Pollution, Law of the
People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution, Law of the People’s Republic of
China on the Prevention and Control of Environment Pollution Caused by Solid Wastes, Law of the People’s Republic
of China on Prevention and Control of Soil Pollution and Emission Standard of Air Pollutants for Pharmaceutical
Industry, the Group upheld the concept of ensuring effective governance of pollutants and compliance with the
standards of pollutant emission and preventing the occurrence of environmental pollution accidents, and adhered to
the corporate environmental protection principles of placing environmental friendliness as the first priority, taking
precaution as the main measure, adopting comprehensive rectification and management, and implementing energy-
saving and emission reduction in the production process, in order to ensure the Group’s production complying with
laws and regulations and practically assume our corporate social responsibility. The Group is committed to becoming
a pharmaceutical enterprise receiving respect from doctors and patients in the PRC. During the year, the Group was
not aware of any major incidents relating to environmental protection and was not punished by competent
environmental protection department. The Group continued to strengthen the control of the source of pollutants,
optimised the process of end treatment and reduced pollutant emissions of the enterprise. The Group increased its
investment to constantly improve, renovate and upgrade the enterprise protection equipment pursuant to new
standards and requirements on safety and environmental protection to ensure wastewater, waste gas and waste
discharge are up to standard.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020      57
Environment, Social and Governance Report



(1) Emission
     To advance our governance on environmental protection, the Group has established a safety and
     environmental protection management organisation, which comprises 35 designated environmental protection
     management personnel from the Group, industrial park and members. For coping with various potential
     environmental incidents more effectively, each member has developed its respective emergency proposal and
     on-site handling plan for unexpected environmental incidents with necessary emergency supplies equipped,
     and conducted regular emergency drills to ensure ordered emergency work.


     The Group has established a systematic environmental governance and quarterly inspection system and
     formulated the Regulations on the Supervision and Inspection of the Operation of Environmental Protection
     Facilities. The Group delegates professionals to conduct on-site inspection on the operation of environmental
     protection facilities of the members every year, so as to ensure the stable operation of environmental
     protection facilities of the members and meet the emission standards.


     —    Waste gas emission management
          In view of the three main emission sources of waste gas generated in the operation of the Group: boiler
          flue gas, waste gas from sewage treatment and process waste gas, we standardise our own operation
          management to reduce air pollutant emission and other problems. The Group delegates environmental
          protection technicians to inspect and monitor the operation indicators of pollutant treatment facilities of
          the members quarterly so as to effectively manage and control the risks relating to treatment process and
          emission; it studies the national environmental policies, industrial policies and environmental accident
          cases of other enterprises, and timely release internal warning information. At the same time, the Group
          strictly implements waste gas management and requires enterprises producing waste gas pollutants to
          engage a third party to conduct pollutant inspection so as to strictly control the emission of waste gas
          pollutants.


     —    Wastewater discharge management
          The Group strictly implements and monitors the sewage treatment to ensure that the sewage of each
          member meets the discharge standard, and strictly requires each member to do properly in the source
          control, classified collection and quality control of sewage. Each member adopts wastewater collection
          measures such as “separation of clean water and sewage, separation of rain and sewage”. Meanwhile, the
          sewage outlets of key enterprises are installed with on-line monitoring equipment to detect chemical
          oxygen demand, ammonia nitrogen, total nitrogen and total phosphorus and others with relevant
          government departments to monitor pollutant emissions.


          The Group has also established internal and external expert teams to monitor the operation of
          environmental protection facilities of key enterprises in the whole process and established an alert
          mechanism for the operation parameters of wastewater treatment facilities. It timely manages the
          operation of wastewater treatment facilities when the operation parameters of such facilities of the
          members deviate, and ensures the stability and effectiveness of wastewater treatment facilities of the
          members by adjusting technical parameters, etc.




58    China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                Environment, Social and Governance Report


   —    Solid waste discharge management
        The Group strictly implements the relevant requirements of solid waste treatment. For the waste
        generated by each member, they carry out classified collection and treatment according to the
        requirements of environmental impact assessment. For hazardous waste, each member has built a
        standard temporary storage of hazardous waste and achieved the three prevention standards of anti-
        leakage, anti-loss and anti-proliferation. The hazardous waste generated is collected and temporarily
        stored with labels. There are records for hazardous waste generation. A hazardous waste treatment
        contract is signed with competent authorities and handed over to then for treatment. The transfer
        processing system for hazardous waste is carried out. General waste is collected by enterprises and
        handed over to relevant authorities for treatment according to the requirements of environmental impact
        assessment.


        In addition, the Group is more active in promoting the recovery and comprehensive utilisation of solid
        waste, such as processing waste plastics into plastic particles, or applying waste activated carbon to the
        front-end production process in the production process.


(2) Use of Resources and Impact on the Environment and Resources
   The resources mainly used by the Group in the production process include water, electricity and coal, etc. In
   accordance with principles and policies, regulations and standards of the national, local and industry
   competent authorities on energy conservation, such as Law of the People’s Republic of China on Energy
   Conservation and Law of the People’s Republic of China on Clean production, the Group has formulated an
   internal management guideline to effectively and reasonably allocate and raise the utilisation of energy and
   resources, reduce waste of available energy and resources, and lower our operating cost at the same time.
   Specific measures implemented in 2020 include:


   —    By installing frequency converter to adjust the power of facilities, replacing energy-saving equipment and
        other energy saving measures, the annual energy consumption reduced by 1 million kWh throughout the
        year;


   —    By optimising the sewage treatment process and promoting the reuse of reclaimed water after sewage
        treatment, water consumption reduced by 0.1 million tons throughout the year;


   —    Strengthen the inspection of steam system in Fuchi park, reduce the running, dropping, leaking and
        release of steam, introduce new technology and new equipment to improve the energy utilisation
        efficiency of steam, make full use of the capacity of existing coal-fired boilers, reduce the operation rate
        of existing gas-fired boilers as far as possible and reduce the consumption of natural gas so as to reduce
        the production cost;


   —    For gas-fired boilers of pharmaceutical enterprises, waste heat utilisation and other means are required to
        reduce the unit consumption of natural gas.




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020      59
Environment, Social and Governance Report


     The summary below are the key performance indicators of 2020 for twelve main members of the Group (which
     contribute approximately 68.3% revenue of the Group):


                                  Item                                 Unit                                          Approximate
                                  Quantity




                                                                       Energy Consumption
     Resource usage               Electricity                          (kWh per annum)                                 154,970,000
                                  Coal                                 (tons per annum)                                      56,000
                                  Natural Gas                          (square meters per annum)                          3,679,000
                                  Water                                (tons per annum)                                   2,455,000
                                  Steam (purchased from
                                             other suppliers)          (tons per annum)                                      45,000
                                  Packing Materials-plastics           (tons per annum)                                        1,062


                                                                            Gas Emissions
     Emissions                    Particulates                         (tons per annum)                                           36
                                  Nitrogen Oxides                      (tons per annum)                                           37
                                  Sulphur Dioxide                      (tons per annum)                                          112
                                  Volatile Organic
                                             Compounds (VOC)           (tons per annum)                                          207


                                                                                Sewage
                                  Total Sewage                         (tons per annum)                                   1,146,600
                                  Chemical Oxygen Demand               (tons per annum)                                          301
                                  Ammonia Nitrogen                     (tons per annum)                                           41


                                                                                Wastes
                                  Total Hazardous Wastes               (tons per annum)                                          825
                                  Total Non-hazardous Wastes           (tons per annum)                                        1922


     Greenhouse gas               Direct                               (Tonnes CO2 equivalent per annum)                    156,000
       emissions                  Indirect                             (Tonnes CO2 equivalent per annum)                     95,000

     Note: Only the statistics of emissions applicable to the Group is listed. Direct greenhouse gas emissions from operations that are
           controlled by the Group mainly generated from the consumption of natural gas and coal fuel for generating steam. Indirect
           greenhouse gas emissions from operations mainly resulted from the electricity purchased.




60    China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                Environment, Social and Governance Report



(3) Climate Change
     The impacts and risks of climate change on the sustainable development of global enterprises bring various
     challenges to the operation of enterprises, which are issues for them to address to.


     Global warming will affect the harvest of crops, which may lead to the price rise of raw materials and supply
     chain shortage of a small number of fermentation pharmaceutical enterprises of the Group, including corn
     steep liquor, soybean meal, rice and other biological fermentation raw materials. This will bring certain risks to
     the supply chain and the production management of fermentation enterprises in the future. In order to reduce
     the risk of single raw materials because of the influence of climate and geographical factors, the Group is
     actively considering to expand the source of raw material suppliers in different places to ensure the stability of
     operation and supply in the future.


     In addition, global climate change will melt glaciers and affect the storage of fresh water. At the same time,
     climate change will change the rainfall pattern, which may lead to the decrease of rainfall and the drying up of
     groundwater in many areas. The frequency and intensity of drought and flood disasters will increase. In view of
     this, the Group is actively taking active measures in its members to make largest efforts in the preservation of
     water resources, such as optimising the production process, increasing the recycling of water and reducing
     water consumption in the production year by year.


     On the other hand, we are actively considering a comprehensive analysis of the effect of climate change on the
     future development of enterprises through scientific methodology so as to deeply understand the actual
     influence of climate change on the industry. We believe that this will help us to strengthen our control of
     climate change risks and formulate strategies to address climate change in the long term, medium term and
     short term.


EMPLOYMENT AND LABOUR PRACTICES
Sustainable development of talents serves as an important guarantee for the Group’s to accomplish its strategic
objectives. The Group works hard to create a fair and harmonious working environment to build up an enterprise
with competitiveness and growing power. As such, the foundation of talents has been laid for the corporate
sustainable development.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020     61
Environment, Social and Governance Report



(1) Employee’s Rights
     The Group has stringently implemented relevant laws and regulations such as the Labor Law of the People’s
     Republic of China, and Labor Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China, and formulated the human
     resources management system to proactively safeguard the legal rights of employees.


     The Group promotes a cultural atmosphere of synergistic cooperation, advocates equality between people,
     and adheres to the principle of fairness and justice. We are against any form of discrimination. We have
     adopted the same starting salary for employees of different gender, complied with the same minimum wage
     standard, forbid any sexual discrimination during the employment and promotion processes, and applied equal
     pay for equal work. The wages of the Group’s almost all existing employees are higher than the minimum wage
     standard of their location, and are in compliance with the local labor rules and policies. The Group will, in
     accordance with requirements of the national law at the time of recruiting employees, stringently examine the
     identities and ages of applicants, and will not recruit employees under the age of 18. The Group is not aware of
     any differentiation in salary packages in relation to gender, age and nationality during recruitment and
     examination, selection, employment and deployment of applicants.


     For employee’s welfares, the Group abides by the local labor rules, pays for statutory benefits for all formal
     staff, and offers leaves as required by the law; it provides holidays and benefits in accordance with requirements
     of the national and local law for all such female employees during the “three periods” (periods of pregnancy,
     maternity and lactation), and allows them to return to the workforce except for those who voluntarily render
     resignation. Male employees are also entitled to paternity leave for each confinement of their spouse.
     Furthermore, the Group has entertainment facilities such as library, badminton courts and table-tennis courts.
     We also organise different activities for enriching the after-work lives of our employees.


     As of 31 December 2020, the Group had 8,722 employees. The breakdown of employees by gender and age
     group during the reporting period is as follows:

                              By gender                                          By age group


                       Male                                                                               Age over 50
                       55%                                                                                     6%
                                                                    Age
                                                                    between                         Age
                                                 Female             30 and 50                       under 30
                                                 45%                   71%                        23%




     Except for three employees who are domiciled in Australia, the rest of the employees are domiciled in the PRC.
     The employee turnover rate in the PRC is approximately 17.9%.




62    China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
               Environment, Social and Governance Report



(2) Employee’s Safety
   The designs of manufacturing plants and equipment are following the Measures for Supervision and
   Management of Drug Production, Regulation on the Safety Management of Hazardous Chemicals and other
   related laws and regulations. The Group is committed to improve continuously and preventing risks to
   implement the safety production at all level in order to provide safe working environment with proper
   equipment, and implements measures for safe working behaviors to safeguard occupational health and safety
   of employees. The Group has set up a safety and environmental protection centre with qualified safety
   administrators for daily management on environmental, health and safety, such as security and fire
   management. For the safety design of production plants, the Group will use closed electrical equipment in the
   facilities where produce steams, corrosive gas and dust. In the facilities with explosive gas or dust, the Group
   will use explosion-proof electrical equipment. In the facilities with flammable and explosive or toxic gas, the
   Group implemented flammable or toxic gas leakage alarms with emergency stop settings.


   The Group will carry out comprehensive trouble hidden investigation and rectification of various production
   facilities, auxiliary facilities and public areas to eliminate safety vulnerability and provide a strong guarantee for
   on-site security from time to time. In 2020, neither major safety incidents and serious fire accidents nor work-
   related fatal incidents of members of the Group were happened. The total number of working days lost due to
   work injury was 8,707 days.


(3) Employee’s Training
   In recent years, the Group promoted strategic transformation comprehensively, accelerated innovation
   independently, expanded product markets continuously and developed various business segments. The Group
   continues to improve the standardisation and professionalism and increase the strength of research and
   development training. The direction of the talent training project is to be “Professionalism, Young and
   internationalisation”. In 2020, the Group issued work guidance comprising three aspects, namely compliance,
   essential knowledge and risk prevention. The Group focuses on functions such as production, quality, safety,
   engineering equipment and procurement to fulfill key functions/positions. It strengthens the job-related
   learning and knowledge through defining job responsibilities, training, professional sharing, examination, spot
   check and competition to improve the skills. It strives to satisfy development needs on the basis of meeting the
   enterprise’s compliance requirements to fulfill the quality assurance, efficiency and professional improvement
   and internationalisation. The Group also encourages employees to carry out construction, innovation/
   technology projects and gives rewards for special projects. It also revises and improves the on-the-job training
   system and gives special subsidies to employees who have obtained professional qualification or certificate
   (vocational certificate).




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020       63
Environment, Social and Governance Report


     Grand Pharmaceutical Vocational and Technical School continues to focus on the skills and essential knowledge
     of employees and takes skill improvement as the training goal. It carries out multiple training projects such as
     production, quality, procurement, environmental protection, finance and human resources to strengthen the
     basic knowledge of laws and regulations and pharmacy. The corporation needs to prepare the teaching and
     promotion of job-related skills and conduct professional exchange and share the knowledge. In 2020, under the
     normalised situation of the pandemic prevention and control, through transforming external training into
     internal training, it integrates internal corporate resources, further promotes personnel training and nurture.
     Among the trainees, the number of male employees and female employees accounted for 57% and 43%, and
     that of senior managers and middle managers accounted for 12% and 26%, respectively. The average training
     hours of male employees and female employees were 84 hours and 71 hours, and the average training hours of
     each senior manager and middle manager were 73 hours and 89 hours, respectively.


COMMUNITY
During the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, the Group overcame all kinds of difficulties, supported the
frontline prevention work, actively performed its corporate social responsibility and gratefully rewarded the society.
The Group has donated more than RMB4 million of materials for epidemic prevention, contributing to the fight for
the pandemic.


As early as January 2020 when the outbreak of the pandemic was announced, the Group had donated more than
RMB1.5 million of antiviral drugs to Wuhan Red Cross Foundation and Qiaokou District government. In order to
ensure that the donated drugs were sent to the front line for fighting pandemic in time, the Company managed to
distribute 60,000 boxes of antiviral oral liquid to Wuhan within 24 hours. Enterprises from other provinces also
overcame many difficulties such as tight supply of goods, limited material transportation and traffic during the Spring
Festival, adjusted the Company’s drug production, organised the supply of goods and coordinated logistics
companies and other related matters. They donated more than RMB1 million of clinically-needed drugs to Wuhan
Red Cross Foundation and epidemic prevention and control headquarters, and donated more than 500 kg of
disinfectant alcohol to frontline hospitals and actively allocate 8 tons of disinfectant to support the local government.


In addition, after learning about the lack of anti-epidemic supplies in domestic hospitals, the Group imported a
medical device industry platform to urgently deploy a series of tasks such as procurement, transportation, customs
declaration and delivery, in order to make full use of its relationship with overseas customers and imported and
exported trading resources. Frontline anti-epidemic medical staff was donated with over 16,000 medical masks and
other anti-epidemic supplies without compensation, which were procured from overseas.


In addition to actively fighting the epidemic, the Group also made contributions to improving the living conditions
and living standards of disadvantaged groups in the society in line with social needs. The Group has made donations
to Xi’an Red Cross, regional governments and charitable organisations with a total of donated cash and medicines
amounting to RMB628,500. Shanghai Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. raised more than 200 pieces of clothes.
After sorting and classifying based on individual’s height, weight and age, the clothes would be donated to children
in Liangshan, Sichuan across 2,000 kilometers through the JQCSR (金橋企業社會責任促進會).




64     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
              Environment, Social and Governance Report



OPERATION PRACTICE
(1) Supply Chain Management
    The majority of the Group’s suppliers are located in the PRC and only less than 1% of them are from overseas.
    The Group has formulated a series of procurement management system and procurement control procedure,
    and has strictly selected suppliers and monitored the procurement process in accordance with the Drug
    Administration Law of the People’s Republic of China and Good Manufacturing Practice. In selecting suppliers,
    a due diligence will be performed. The Group may visit the production plants if necessary and investigate the
    credit performance as well as the company’s nature and background. The samples provided are required to
    pass the testing and trial production before such suppliers could become the Group’s qualified suppliers.
    Procurement staffs have also conducted regular visits to suppliers to maintain close liaison and good
    cooperation relations with them. Meanwhile, the quality notices made by suppliers have been regularly
    monitored to ensure all of the raw materials used by the Group are in compliance with the standard
    requirements and ready for use.


    Currently, the global epidemic situation is still uncertain. The Group has strengthened its mid- and long-term
    supply chain construction in supply chain management, such as strategic supplier management, localisation of
    imported materials, supplier sourcing, supplier dynamic management, upstream and downstream special
    research, etc. to ensure the stability and continuous supply of the procurement supply chain system.


(2) Product Liability
    The production and sale of the Group’s drugs are conducted in accordance with relevant rules as required in
    the Drug Administration Law of the People’s Republic of China, Regulations for Implementation of the Drug
    Administration Law of the People’s Republic of China, Good Manufacturing Practice and Norm on Production
    and Quality Control of Traditional Chinese Medicine, and has a complete production quality control system.
    Most of the drugs produced have been certified by GMP.


    Drug quality correlates with the life safety of patients, and even the lifespan of the enterprise. The Group
    introduces the concept of risk management in the whole process of drug production and promotes the quality
    culture of maximising the interests of patients, which requires high standard and high quality of products and
    reduces product errors during production, so as to lower the risk in terms of product quality during production.
    A system for product return and exchange analysis has been formulated with relevant requirements such as
    storage and logistics management of drugs, automatic temperature and humidity monitoring system.
    Furthermore, modern information technology is used in the collection of information, adverse reactions,
    consultations and complaints of drugs, and the information will be analysed for the continuous improvement of
    drug quality to ensure the medicines is safe, effective, uniform and stable in order to enhance the patients’
    confidence in products of the Group.




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020      65
Environment, Social and Governance Report



(3) Anti-corruption
     The Group, committed to pursuing operation in good faith, constantly enhances internal control and
     monitoring mechanism within the enterprise, and stringently observes the rule on fair competition. It organised
     the employees to study the laws and regulations against commercial bribery and other unfair competition.
     Employees are required to strictly comply with provisions in relation to prohibition of commercial bribery acts
     under the Law Against Unfair Competition of the People’s Republic of China, Criminal Law and Companies
     Ordinances, and all of the relevant management rules on integrity and self-discipline as stipulated by the
     Company. The Group is firmly against commercial bribery, bribery and receiving gifts arising from other
     improper commercial acts, and establishes a management system and measures on capital management to
     prevent money laundering. The Company will promptly denounce and report to the relevant department for
     suspected personnel. In 2020, the Group and its employees were not involved in any corruption litigation.




66    China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                                Report of the Directors


The Directors are pleased to present their report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the
Group for the year ended 31 December 2020.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is an investment holding company. Details of the principal activities of its principal subsidiaries and
associates are set out in notes 22 and 20 to the consolidated financial statements respectively.

BUSINESS REVIEW
The business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020 is set out in the section “Management
Discussion and Analysis” on pages 25 to 39 of this annual report.

Description of principal risks and uncertainties that may be faced by the Group can be found in the section
“Management Discussion and Analysis — Principal Risks and Uncertainties” on pages 44 to 46 of this annual report.

An analysis of the Group’s performance during the year using financial key performance indicators is set out in the
section “Management Discussion and Analysis — Financial Resources and Liquidity” on page 43 of this annual
report. In addition, discussions on the Group’s environmental policies and compliance with relevant laws and
regulations which may have a significant impact on the Group are set out in the section “Management Discussion
and Analysis — Environmental Policies” and “Management Discussion and Analysis — Compliance with Relevant
Laws and Regulations” separately on page 46 of this annual report.

RESULTS
The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020 and the state of affairs of the Group at that date are
set out on pages 87 to 196.

DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company has adopted a dividend policy, in considering the payment of dividends, to allow shareholders of the
Company to participate in the Company’s profits whilst retaining adequate reserves for future growth of the Group.

The Board shall consider the following factors before recommending or declaring dividends:

i.     The Company’s actual and expected financial performance;

ii.    Retained earnings and distributable reserves of the Company and each of the members of the Group;

iii.   The Group’s working capital, capital expenditure requirements and future expansion plans;

iv.    The Group’s liquidity position;

v.     General economic conditions, business cycle of the Group and other internal or external factors that may have
       an impact on the business or financial performance and position of the Company; and

vi.    Other factors that the Board deems relevant.

The payment of dividend is also subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations including the laws of
Bermuda and the Company’s Bye-laws. The Board will review the dividend policy from time to time and there can be
no assurance that dividend will be paid in any particular amount for any given period.


                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020     67
Report of the Directors



DIVIDEND
The Board recommends the payment of final dividend of approximately HK$390,450,000 at 11 HK cents per share
(2019: HK$324,250,000 at 9.6 HK cents per share) for the year ended 31 December 2020. No interim dividend was
declared during the year (2019: Nil).


RESERVES
Details of the movements in reserves of the Group and of the Company during the year are set out in the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and note 40 to the consolidated financial statements respectively.


SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the movements in share capital of the Company during the year are set out in note 38 to the consolidated
financial statements.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s bye-laws or the laws of Bermuda which would
oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to its existing shareholders.


SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATES
Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries and associates at 31 December 2020 are set out in notes 22 and 20 to the
consolidated financial statements respectively.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year are set out in note 16 to
the consolidated financial statements.


BANK BORROWINGS
Particulars of bank borrowings of the Group during the year are set out in note 32 to the consolidated financial
statements.




68     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                                  Report of the Directors



DIRECTORS
The Directors who held office during the year and up to the date of this report are:


Executive Directors
Mr. Liu Chengwei
Mr. Hu Bo
Dr. Shao Yan
Dr. Niu Zhanqi


Independent Non-executive Directors
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie
Mr. Hu Yebi
Dr. Pei Geng


Pursuant to bye-law 87(1), Mr. Liu Chengwei, Mr. Hu Bo and Mr. Hu Yebi will retire from office at the forthcoming
annual general meeting. Mr. Hu Yebi, being eligible, offer himself for re-election of the forthcoming annual general
meeting. Mr. Liu Chengwei and Mr. Hu Bo will not offer themselves for re-election.


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
There is no unexpired service contract which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment
of compensation other than statutory compensation. Each of the independent non-executive Directors has been
appointed pursuant to a letter of appointment for a term of one year, which is renewable automatically for successive
terms of one year after the expiry of the term of appointment, unless terminated by not less than three months’
notice in writing served by either party.


DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
At no time during the year was the Company or its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors
or chief executive of the Company to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the
Company or any other body corporate.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
No transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company
or its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted
at the end of the year or at any time during the year.


COMPETING INTEREST
Save that Mr. Liu Chengwei, the chairman and an executive director, who is a director of China Grand and a
supervisor of Huadong Medicine and Dr. Niu Zhanqi, an executive director, who is the president of Pharmaceutical
Management Headquarters of China Grand and a director of Huadong Medicine, and thus may have interest in
businesses which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group, so far
as the Directors are aware of, no Directors or the management shareholders of the Company (as defined in the
Listing Rules) had an interest in a business which competes or may compete with the business of the Group.


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020       69
Report of the Directors



RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the related party transactions entered by the Group are all disclosed note 41
in the consolidated financial statements and in the section “Continuing Connected Transactions” in the report of the
Directors below, and had complied with the relevant requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Save as
mentioned in these 2 sections, there were no other discloseable non-exempted connected transactions or non-
exempted continuing connected transactions under the Listing Rules. To the extent of the related party transactions
as disclosed in note 41 to the financial statements constituted connected transaction or continuing connected
transaction, the Company had complied with the relevant requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules
during the year.


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group has entered the following continuing connected transactions
which are subject to the reporting and announcement requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules:


(1)   On 30 June 2020, Grand Pharm (China) has entered into an agreement (the “Huadong Medicine Supply
      Agreement”) with Huadong Medicine. Pursuant to the Huadong Medicine Supply Agreement, Grand Pharm
      (China) or its related companies shall supply pharmaceutical preparations, raw materials and related services to
      Huadong Medicine or its related companies and the maximum annual amount of products to be sold by the
      Group to Huadong Medicine for each of the periods commencing from the date where the terms of the
      Huadong Medicine Supply Agreement become effective until 31 December 2020 and for the two years ending
      31 December 2022 are RMB160.0 million, RMB165.0 million and RMB169.0 million respectively (the “Huadong
      Medicine Supply Caps”). In 2020, the transaction amount under Huadong Medicine Supply Agreement is
      approximately RMB103.7 million.


(2)   On 30 June 2020, Grand Pharm (China) has entered into an agreement (the “China Grand Supply Agreement”)
      with China Grand. Pursuant to the China Grand Supply Agreement, Grand Pharm (China) or its related
      companies shall supply pharmaceutical preparations, raw materials and related services to China Grand or its
      related companies and the maximum annual amount of products to be sold by the Group to China Grand for
      each of the periods commencing from the date where the terms of the China Grand Supply Agreement
      become effective until 31 December 2020 and for the two years ending 31 December 2022 are RMB26.0 million,
      RMB27.0 million and RMB28.0 million respectively (the “China Grand Supply Caps”). In 2020, the transaction
      amount under China Grand Supply Agreement is approximately RMB2.6 million.


(3)   On 30 June 2020, Grand Pharm (China) entered into the purchase agreement (the “Baoding Jiufu Purchase
      Agreement”) with Baoding Jiufu Biochemical Co., Ltd (the “Baoding Jiufu”). Pursuant to the Baoding Jiufu
      Purchase Agreement, Grand Pharm (China) or its related companies shall purchase raw materials from Baoding
      Jiufu or its related companies for the production of amino acid products and other pharmaceutical products.
      The maximum annual amount of products to be purchased by the Group from Baoding Jiufu for each of the
      periods commencing from the date where the terms of the Baoding Jiufu Purchase Agreement become
      effective until 31 December 2020 and for the two years ending 31 December 2022 are RMB41 million, RMB43
      million and RMB45 million respectively (the “Baoding Jiufu Purchase Caps”). In 2020, the transaction amount
      under Baoding Jiufu Purchase Agreement is approximately RMB18.0 million.




70     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                                  Report of the Directors


(4)     On 30 June 2020, Wuhan Kernel Bio-Tech Co., Ltd. (an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company)
        (the “Wuhan Kernel”) entered into the sub-contracting agreement (the “Baoding Jiufu Sub-Contracting
        Agreement”) with Baoding Jiufu. Pursuant to the Baoding Jiufu Sub-Contracting Agreement, Wuhan Kernel or
        its related companies shall engage Baoding Jiufu for the provision of processing services for the production of
        antibiotics which can be applied in animal feeds. The maximum annual amount of products to be subcontracted
        by the Wuhan Kernel to Baoding Jiufu for each of the periods commencing from the date where the terms of
        the Baoding Jiufu Sub-Contracting Agreement become effective until 31 December 2020 and for the two years
        ending 31 December 2022 are RMB48 million, RMB50 million and RMB52 million respectively (the “Baoding
        Jiufu Sub-Contracting Caps”). In 2020, the transaction amount under Baoding Jiufu Sub-Contracting
        Agreement is approximately RMB1.2 million.


As Huadong Medicine and Baoding Jiufu are regarded as connected persons of the Company since they are
associates of the China Grand (which is a substantial shareholder of the Company), and the subject matters of each
of the Huadong Medicine Supply Agreement, China Grand Supply Agreement, Baoding Jiufu Purchase Agreement
and Baoding Jiufu Sub-Contracting Agreement (collectively known as “Continuing Connected Transaction
Agreements”) are similar in nature, pursuant to Rule 14A.81 of the Listing Rules the transactions between the Group
and each of these companies would be aggregated. As the aggregated amount of the Huadong Medicine Supply
Caps, the China Grand Supply Caps, Baoding Jiufu Purchase Caps and Baoding Jiufu Sub-Contracting Caps exceed
HK$10,000,000 per annum, the transactions contemplated under the Continuing Connected Transaction Agreements
are subject to the reporting, announcement and Independent Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter
14A of the Listing Rules.


The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed and confirmed that these transactions were entered into:


(i)     in the ordinary and usual course of the business of the Group;


(ii)    either on normal commercial terms or, if there are no sufficient comparable transactions to judge whether they
        are on normal commercial terms, on terms no less favourable to the Group than those available to or from
        independent third parties; and


(iii)   in accordance with the Continuing Connected Transaction Agreements governing them on terms that are fair
        and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.


The Auditors of the Company have reviewed the continuing connected transactions and confirmed in a letter (the
“Letter”) to the Board (a copy of which has been provided to the Stock Exchange). The Auditors of the Company
have:


(i)     found that the continuing connected transactions have received the approval of the Board of Directors of the
        Company;


(ii)    obtained the relevant agreements governing each of the continuing connected transactions from management;


(iii)   found that the prices charged for each of the transactions selected were in accordance with the pricing terms
        set out in the relevant agreements governing such transactions or where the related agreement did not clearly
        specify a price, the prices charged were consistent with the prices charged for comparable transactions that
        were identified by management; and

                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020    71
Report of the Directors


(iv)   found that the continuing connected transactions have not exceed the cap amounts disclosed in previous
       announcements dated 30 June 2020 made by the Company in respect of each of the continuing connected
       transactions.


SHARE OPTION SCHEME
During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Company did not adopt any share option scheme and no outstanding
share options.


No share options were granted or exercised under any share option scheme during the year ended 31 December
2020 and 2019 and there were no outstanding share options as at 31 December 2020 and 2019.


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As at 31 December 2020, the Directors and the chief executive of the Company, and their respective associates had
the following interests in the shares and underlying shares of the Company and its associated corporations (within
the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which were required to be notified to
the Company and the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of
Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such
provisions of the SFO) or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register
referred to therein or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for
Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”):


LONG POSITIONS IN THE SHARES OF THE COMPANY:


                                                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                                                                     percentage of
                                                                                                 Number of          the Company’s
                                                                                           ordinary shares             issued share
Name of Director                       Capacity                                                          held                 capital


Shao Yan                               Interests in spouse (Note)                                  6,019,600                   0.17%

Note: Dr. Shao Yan, a Director, is the spouse of Ms. Tian Wen Hong who is the holder of the above shares. By virtue of the SFO, Dr. Shao
      Yan shall be deemed to be interested in such 6,019,600 shares.


Apart from the foregoing, none of the Directors and chief executive of the Company or any of their spouses or
children under eighteen years of age has interests or short positions in shares, underlying shares or debentures of
the Company, any of its holding company, subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries, as recorded in the register required to
be kept under section 352 of the SFO or pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
Listed Issuers contained in the Listing Rules or required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of the SFO.




72      China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                                  Report of the Directors



PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
The articles of associations of the Company provides that the Directors or other officers of the Company shall be
entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities incurred or sustained by
him/her as a Director or other officer of the Company in defending any proceedings, civil or criminal, in which
judgment is given in his/her favour, or in which he/she is acquitted.


The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover or other relevant arrangement in respect of potential legal
actions against its Directors and senior management members as well as directors of the subsidiaries of the Group.


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
As at 31 December 2020, the following persons (other than the Directors or chief executive of the Company) had an
interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which are required to be disclosed to
the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or required to
be entered in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.


Long and short positions in the shares of the Company:


                                                                                                             Approximate
                                                                                                            percentage or
                                                                                                              attributable
                                                           Number of the                                    percentage of
Name of Shareholders                         Notes       shares interested     Nature of interests        shareholding (%)


Outwit Investments Limited (“Outwit”)          1           1,671,671,149 (L)   Beneficial owner                   47.09 (L)


Grand (Hongkong) International Investments     1           1,671,671,149 (L)   Interest of controlled             47.09 (L)
  Holdings Limited (“Grand Investment”)                                          corporation


China Grand Enterprises Incorporation          1           1,671,671,149 (L)   Interest of controlled             47.09 (L)
  (“China Grand”)                                                                corporation


Shanghai China Grand Asset Finance             2            286,039,153 (L)    Beneficial owner/                   8.06 (L)
  Investment Management Co., Limited                                             Interest of controlled
  (“Shanghai Finance”)                                                           corporation


Mr. Hu Kaijun (“Mr. Hu”)                     1&2&3         1,998,730,302 (L)   Interest of controlled             56.30 (L)
                                                                                 corporation


Ms. Chau Tung                                1&2&3         1,998,730,302 (L)   Beneficial owner/                  56.30 (L)
                                                                                 Interest in spouse


CDH Giant Health I Limited (“CDH Giant”)       4            356,648,142 (L)    Beneficial owner                   10.05 (L)




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020    73
Report of the Directors



                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                 percentage or
                                                                                                                   attributable
                                                                   Number of the                                 percentage of
Name of Shareholders                               Notes         shares interested    Nature of interests      shareholding (%)


CDH Fund V, L.P. (“CDH Fund”)                         4             356,648,142 (L)   Interest of controlled           10.05 (L)
                                                                                        corporation


CDH V Holdings Company Limited                        4             356,648,142 (L)   Interest of controlled           10.05 (L)
      (“CDH V”)                                                                         corporation


China Diamond Holdings V Limited                      4             356,648,142 (L)   Interest of controlled           10.05 (L)
      (“China Diamond V”)                                                               corporation


China Diamond Holdings Company Limited                4             356,648,142 (L)   Interest of controlled           10.05 (L)
      (“China Diamond”)                                                                 corporation


Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A                          6             261,461,959 (L)   Interest of controlled            7.37 (L)
      (“Assicurazioni”)                                                                 corporation


Mr. Li Zhenfu                                         7             261,461,959 (L)   Interest of controlled            7.37 (L)
                                                                                        corporation


Lion River I N.V.                                   5&6             261,461,959 (L)   Interest of controlled            7.37 (L)
                                                                                        corporation


GL Capital Management GP L.P.                         5             175,005,959 (L)   Interest of controlled            4.93 (L)
      (“GL Management (L.P.)”)                                                          corporation


GL Capital Management GP Limited                      5             175,005,959 (L)   Interest of controlled            4.93 (L)
      (“GL Management (Limited)”)                                                       corporation


GL China Opportunities Fund L.P.                      5             175,005,959 (L)   Interest of controlled            4.93 (L)
      (“GL Opportunities”)                                                              corporation


GL Partners Capital Management Ltd.                   7             219,575,959 (L)   Interest of controlled            6.19 (L)
      (“GL Partners”)                                                                   corporation


GL Trade Investment Limited (“GL Trade”)              5             175,005,959 (L)   Beneficial owner                  4.93 (L)

(L)       denotes long position




74         China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                                           Report of the Directors


Notes:

1.   Outwit is the beneficial owner of 1,671,671,149 Shares. Grand Investment, being wholly-owned by China Grand, held 99.85% equity
     interests of Outwit, and Ms. Chau Tung, spouse of Mr. Hu, held the remaining 0.15% equity interests. Grand Investment and China
     Grand are therefore deemed to be interested in 1,671,671,149 Shares pursuant to the SFO.

2.   Beijing Yuanda Huachuang Investment Co., Ltd. (北京遠大華創投資有限公司), a company wholly owned by Mr Hu, owned 70% of the
     equity interests of Shanghai Finance. Shanghai Finance is the beneficial owner of 255,142,148 Shares. East Ocean Capital (Hong Kong)
     Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Shanghai Finance, also holds 30,897,005 Shares. Shanghai Finance is therefore deemed to be
     interested in 286,039,153 Shares pursuant to the SFO.

3.   China Grand is controlled and ultimately and beneficially owned by Mr. Hu. Ms. Chau Tung, spouse of Mr. Hu, is also the beneficial
     owner of 41,020,000 Shares. Mr. Hu and Ms. Chau Tung are therefore deemed to be interested in 1,998,730,302 Shares pursuant to
     the SFO.

4.   CDH Giant is the beneficial owner of 356,648,142 Shares. CDH Giant is wholly-owned by CDH Fund, and pursuant to the SFO CDH
     Fund is therefore deemed to be interested in the 356,648,142 Shares. CDH Fund is controlled by CDH V, which in turn held as to 80%
     by China Diamond V. China Diamond V is in held as to 100% by China Diamond.

5.   GL Healthcare Investment LP (“GL Healthcare”) is the beneficial owner of 44,570,000 Shares. GL Healthcare is a limited partnership
     incorporated in Canada. The general partner of GL Healthcare is GL Capital Management GP II B.C. 2 Ltd., which is wholly-owned by
     GL Capital Management (Limited). GL Capital Management (Limited) is in turn held as to 49% by Lion River I N.V. Pursuant to the SFO
     these companies are therefore deemed to be interested in the 44,570,000 Shares.

     GL China Long Equity Opportunities Fund SPV LP (“GL Long Equity (SPV)”) is the beneficial owner of 41,886,000 Shares. GL Long
     Equity (SPV) is a limited partnership incorporated in Canada. Lion River I N.V. owns 85.79% interests in GL China Long Equity
     Opportunities (Canada) Fund LP., which in turn owns 84.82% interests in GL Long Equity (SPV). Pursuant to the SFO these companies
     are therefore deemed to be interested in the 41,886,000 Shares.

     GL Trade is the beneficial owner of 175,005,959 Shares. GL Trade is wholly-owned by GL Opportunities. The general partner of GL
     Opportunities is GL Management (L.P.) and is in turn wholly-owned by GL Management (Limited). GL Management (Limited) is held
     as to 49% by Lion River I N.V. Pursuant to the SFO these companies are therefore deemed to be interested in the 175,005,959 Shares.

6.   As stated above, Lion River I N.V. is deemed to be interested in an aggregate of 261,461,959 Shares. Lion River I N.V. is wholly-owned
     by Assicurazioni. Pursuant to the SFO Assicurazioni is therefore deemed to be interested in the 261,461,959 Shares.

7.   Mr. Li Zhenfu owns 70% interests in GL Partners, which in turn owns 50% interests in GL Management (Limited) and 51% interests in
     GL Capital Management Limited. As stated above, GL Management (Limited) is indirectly interested in 175,005,959 Shares and GL
     Capital Management Limited is indirectly interested in 44,570,000 Shares, and pursuant to the SFO. Mr. Li Zhenfu is therefore deemed
     to be interested in the 219,575,959 Shares. Mr. Li Zhenfu also wholly-owns GL China Opportunities Carry GP Limited, which in turn
     wholly-owns GL Capital Management Long Equity Opportunities GP B.C. 1 Ltd. GL Capital Management Long Equity Opportunities
     GP B.C. 1 Ltd. is the general partner of GL Long Equity (SPV), which is the beneficial owner of 41,886,000 Shares. Pursuant to the SFO
     Mr. Li Zhenfu is therefore also deemed to be interested in the 41,886,000 Shares and in aggregate, 261,461,959 Shares.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2020, the Directors or chief executive of the Company were not aware
of any other person (other than the Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short
position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under
the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or, who is, directly or indirectly, interested in 5% or more of
the nominal value of any class of share capital carrying rights to vote in all circumstances at general meetings of any
other members of the Group, or any other substantial shareholders whose interests or short positions were recorded
in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020          75
Report of the Directors



MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
the Company was entered into or existed during the year.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the five largest customers of the Group accounted for less than 30% of the
Group’s total revenue while the five largest suppliers accounted for less than 30% the Group’s total purchases.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SHARES
Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
Company’s listed securities during the year ended 31 December 2020.


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, the
Company has maintained a sufficient public float as required under the Listing Rules during the year ended 31
December 2020 and as at the latest practicable date prior to the issue of this annual report.


TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION
The Company is not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to shareholders by reason of their holding of the
Company’s securities.




76     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                                Report of the Directors



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the Corporate Governance Report
on pages 49 to 54.


AUDITORS
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 have been audited by HLB Hodgson
Impey Cheng Limited which shall retire and, being eligible, offer itself for re-appointment at the forthcoming annual
general meeting. A resolution to re-appoint HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited and to authorize the Board of
Directors to fix its remuneration will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting.


On behalf of the Board




Liu Chengwei
Chairman


Hong Kong, 17 March 2021




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020      77
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management



EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Liu Chengwei, aged 47, was appointed as an executive Director in July 2008. Mr. Liu is the Chairman of the
Company and is a director of Grand Pharm (China) Company Limited (“Grand Pharm (China)”) and Xi’an Beilin, which
both are subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Liu has over 20 years of financial and management experience in the PRC.
Mr. Liu is currently a director of the China Grand Enterprises Incorporation (“China Grand”) (a substantial shareholder
of the Company) and a supervisor of Huadong Medicine Company Limited, (“Huadong Medicine”), which is listed on
the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000963). Huadong Medicine is owned as to approximately 41.77% by
China Grand as at the date of this report, and is therefore a connected person (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the
Company. Mr. Liu worked for General Electric Company for 5 years before joining China Grand in 2001. Mr. Liu holds
a bachelor degree in International Economics from Peking University and a master degree in Business Administration
from China Europe International Business School.


Mr. Hu Bo, aged 36, was appointed as an executive Director in July 2008. Mr. Hu has over 10 years of experience in
network project management and property management. Mr. Hu is currently the assistant to president of a real
estate company in the PRC. Mr. Hu holds a bachelor degree in Applied Science & Engineering, Electrical Engineering
from University of Toronto, and a master degree in Business Administration from New York Institute of Technology.
Mr. Hu is a nephew of Mr. Hu Kaijun, who controls and ultimately and beneficially owns the China Grand.


Dr. Shao Yan, aged 58, was appointed as an executive Director in October 2008. Dr. Shao joined the Company in
March 2008 and is the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Dr. Shao is responsible for overseeing the entire
operations, investing and financing, merger and acquisition and investor relationship management of the Company.
Dr. Shao has over 20 years of experience in corporate management and venture capital investment. Dr. Shao holds a
master degree in Business Administration from Guanghua School of Management of Peking University and a doctor
degree (PhD) in Management from School of Politics and International Studies of Beijing Normal University.


Dr. Niu Zhanqi, aged 54, was appointed as an executive Director in November 2016. Dr. Niu has more than 10 years’
experience in pharmaceutical research and development. He is currently the president of the Pharmaceutical
Management Headquarters of China Grand. He also is a director of Huadong Medicine since June 2016. Dr. Niu
holds a bachelor’s degree in science from Nankai University and a doctoral degree (PhD) in pharmaceutics from
Shenyang Pharmaceutical University.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie, aged 58, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in March 2005. Ms. So
is a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and a practicing member of the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. She is a partner of an accounting firm.


Mr. Hu Yebi, aged 57, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in December 2018. Mr. Hu received
his Master of Business Administration from Netherlands International Institute for Management in the Netherlands
and a Postgraduate Diploma in Management Engineering from Beijing Institute of Technology in Beijing, the PRC.
Mr. Hu has more than twenty years of experience in securities and financial services, mergers and acquisitions and
corporate finance. Mr. Hu is the founder and chairman of Vision Finance Group Limited. Mr. Hu is currently a non-
executive director of Beijing Sports and Entertainment Industry Group Limited (stock code: 1803) and was an
executive director of Beijing Enterprises Medical and Health Industry Limited (stock code: 2389) and Beijing
Properties (Holdings) Limited (stock code: 925), but already resigned in October 2018 and November 2018
respectively. All these companies are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.



78    China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management


Dr. Pei Geng, aged 61, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in May 2011. Dr. Pei holds a
bachelor degree in Medicine and clinically became a neurosurgeon after graduation from Beijing Capital University
of Medicine, China. Dr. Pei also holds a licentiate degree in Medical Sciences from Uppsala University, Sweden and a
PhD degree in neuroscience from University of Würzburg, Germany. Dr. Pei is currently working in Multiway Trading
Intl., USA and its Beijing branch.


SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. Zhou Chao, aged 31, has been the executive deputy officer of the Company since June 2019, and is also a
director of certain associated company of the Group. Mr. Zhou is responsible for overall internal management of the
Group. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Zhou was the legal manager, senior legal manager and business director of
the department of legal security management of China Grand Enterprises Incorporation (a substantial shareholder of
the Company), and he is also directors of certain local and overseas companies. Mr. Zhou graduated from the Law
School of Ocean University of China in 2011, and obtained his Master of International Economic Law Degree from
the University of International Business and Economics. Mr. Zhou led and participated several local and overseas
transactions in related to large scale merger and acquisition projects and introduction of various types of products.


Mr. Foo Tin Chung, Victor, aged 52, joined the Company in September 2011 as a company secretary of the
Company. Mr. Foo holds a bachelor degree in Accounting and Information System in the University of New South
Wales in Australia and a master degree in Business Administration in Australia Graduate School of Management. He
is a member of the Australia Society of Certified Practising Accountants and an associate member of the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Foo is the company secretary and chief financial officer of Justin Allen
Holdings Limited (stock code: 1425) since April 2018, which is listed on the Stock Exchange.


Mr. Shi Xiaofeng, aged 54, joined the principal subsidiary Grand Pharm (China) since 2003 and was appointed as its
director and general manager. Mr. Shi is responsible for overseeing the entire operations and management of Grand
Pharm (China), and has over 20 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry management. Mr. Shi used to
work for Schering-Plough and Pharmacia as senior management before joining the Group. Mr. Shi holds a medical
degree from Medical School of Southeast University and a EMBA certificate at China Europe International Business
School.


Mr. Qian Zhi Qiang, aged 52, joined the principal subsidiary Grand Pharm (China) since 1989 and used to work for it
as a senior management, was currently appointed as director of Zhejiang Xianju Xianle Pharmaceutical Company
Limited (“Zhejiang Xianle”), has over 30 years of experience in pharmaceutical industry. Mr. Qian is responsible for
overseeing the entire operation and management of Zhejiang Xianle. Mr. Qian holds a bachelor degree of
pharmaceutical analysis at China Pharmaceutical University.


Mr. Feng Yonghua, aged 53, joined Zhejiang Xianle since 2002 and currently was appointed as its general manager.
Mr. Feng is responsible for overseeing the entire operation of Zhejiang Xianle, and he has over 20 years of
experience of general management. Mr. Feng holds a practicing pharmacist license in the PRC.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020      79
Independent Auditors’ Report




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
CHINA GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL AND HEALTHCARE HOLDINGS LIMITED
(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)


OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings
Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 87 to 196,
which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2020, and the consolidated
statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and
the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at 31 December 2020, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows
for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (the “HKFRSs”) issued by the
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance
with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the “Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements” section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




80     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                Independent Auditors’ Report



KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of
the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
separate opinion on these matters.


Key audit matters                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Impairment assessment of pharmaceutical business
Refer to notes 3, 21 and 23 to the consolidated financial statements


The Group has goodwill and intangible assets of          Our procedures in relation to management’s impairment
approximately HK$505,574,000 and HK$881,843,000          assessment included:
respectively relating to the manufacture and sales of
pharmaceutical preparations and medical devices,         •     Evaluation of the independent valuer’s competence,
biotechnology products and nutrition products,                 capabilities and objectivity;
specialised pharmaceutical raw materials and other
products mainly, in the People’s Republic of China as    •     Assessing the methodologies used and the
at 31 December 2020. Management performed                      appropriateness of the key assumptions based on our
impairment assessment of pharmaceutical business               knowledge of the pharmaceutical business and using
and concluded that no impairment is necessary to               our valuation experts;
provide. This conclusion was based on value-in-use
model that required significant management               •     Challenging the reasonableness of key assumptions
judgement with respect to the discount rate and the            based on our knowledge of the business and industry;
underlying cashflows, in particular future revenue             and
growth and capital expenditure. Independent
external valuation were obtained in order to support     •     Checking, on sampling basis, the accounting and
management’s estimates.                                        relevance of the input data used.


                                                         We found the key assumptions were supported by the
                                                         available evidence.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020    81
Independent Auditors’ Report



KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Key audit matters                                             How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Impairment assessment of trade and other receivables, loan receivables and amounts due from related
companies
Refer to notes 5(b)(iv),19 , 28, and 34 to the consolidated financial statements


As at 31 December 2020, the Group had gross trade             Our procedures in relation to management’s impairment
and other receivables, loan receivables and amounts           assessment of the trade and other receivables, loan
due from related companies of approximately                   receivables and amounts due from related companies as at
HK$1,045,742,000, HK$160,462,000 and                          31 December 2020 included:
HK$46,758,000, respectively. The provision for
impairment of trade and other receivables, loan               •     Understanding and evaluating the key controls that
receivables and amounts due from related companies                  the Group has implemented to manage and monitor
are approximately HK$150,880,000, HK$827,000 and                    its credit risk, and validating the control effectiveness
HK$11,322,000, respectively.                                        on a sample basis;

In general, the credit terms granted by the Group to          •     Checking, on a sample basis, the ageing profile of the
the customers ranged between 30 to 180 days (2019:                  trade and other receivables amounts due from related
30 to 180 days). Management applied judgement in                    companies as at 31 December 2020 to the underlying
assessing the expected credit losses (“ECL”). Trade                 financial records and post year-end settlements to
and other receivables relating to customers with                    bank receipts;
known financial difficulties or significant doubt on
collection of trade receivables are assessed                  •     Inquiring of management for the status of each of the
individually for provision for impairment allowance.                material trade and other receivables, loan receivables
ECL are also estimated by grouping the remaining                    and amounts due from related companies past due as
trade receivables based on shared credit risk                       at year end and corroborating explanations from
characteristics and collectively assessed for likelihood            management with supporting evidence, such as
of recovery, taking into account the nature of the                  performing public search of credit profile of selected
customer, its business and its ageing category, and                 customers, understanding on-going business
applying ECL rates to the respective gross carrying                 relationship with the customers based on trade
amounts of the trade receivables. The ECL rates are                 records, checking historical and subsequent
determined based on the Group’s historical default                  settlement records of and other correspondence with
rates taking into consideration forward-looking                     the customers; and
information that is reasonable and supportable
available without undue costs or effort. At every             •     Assessing the appropriateness of the ECL provisioning
reporting date, the historical observed default rates               methodology, examining the key data inputs on a
are reassessed and changes in the forward-looking                   sample basis to assess their accuracy and
information are considered. In addition, trade                      completeness, and challenging the assumptions,
receivables with significant balances and credit                    including both historical and forwardlooking
impaired are assessed for ECL individually.                         information, used to determine the ECL.

We focused on this area due to the impairment                 We found that the management judgment and estimates
assessment of trade and other receivables, loan               used to assess the recoverability of the trade and other
receivables amounts due from related companies                receivables, loan receivables and amounts due from related
under the ECL model involved the use of significant           companies and determine the impairment provision to be
management judgements and estimates.                          supportable by available evidence.


82     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                Independent Auditors’ Report



KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Key audit matters                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Interests in associates
Refer to note 20 to the consolidated financial statements


As at 31 December 2020, the carrying amounts of             Our procedures in relation to the i) the audit work
interest in associates amounted to approximately            performed on interest in Sirtex; and ii) management’s
HK$6,133.1 million which represented approximately          impairment assessment of interest in associates included:
36.1% of the Group’s total assets.
                                                            i)   The audit work performed on the Group’s interest in
Included in the interests in associates, the Group has           Sirtex:
49% interest in Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Limited
(“Grand Pharma Sphere”) which is accounted for                   Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd. (“Sirtex”) is a wholly owned
under the equity method. The Group’s share of loss               subsidiary of Grand Pharma Sphere and is audited by
from Grand Pharma Sphere for the year ended 31                   non-HLB auditors (“the Sirtex Auditors”). We have
December 2020 was approximately of HK$46.5 million               met with the Sirtex Auditors and discussed their audit
and the Group’s share of net assets of Grand Pharma              approach; result of their work and have reviewed their
Sphere was HK$3,341.3 million as at 31 December                  working papers. We discussed the key audit matters
2020, which represented approximately 19.7% of the               relating to Sirtex with Group’s management and
Group’s total assets.                                            evaluated the impact on our audit of the consolidated
                                                                 financial statements. The procedures performed are
Grand Pharma Sphere’s revenue amounted to                        summarised below.
approximately HK$1,220.7 million for the year ended
31 December 2020. Revenue was generated from sale                —     Obtaining detailed listing of revenue and agreed
of SIR-Spheres Y-90 resin microspheres, a targeted                     the total to the general ledger;
radiotherapy for liver cancer. Revenue is recognised
when control of the product has transferred to the               —     Performing test of details verifying the validity
customer, being when the product is delivered to the                   and accuracy of a selection of revenue
distributor or medical facility and when the customer                  transactions to supporting documentation;
has sole discretion over the use of the product and
there are no unfulfilled obligations that could affect           —     Performing cut off test; and
the customer’s acceptance of the product.
                                                                 —     recalculating foreign currency accounts into
                                                                       Australian dollars at the average rate using
                                                                       external sources.


                                                                 Together with their reporting to us in accordance with
                                                                 our group audit instructions, we found that the
                                                                 Group’s share of results and net assets of Grand
                                                                 Pharma Sphere were supported by the available
                                                                 evidence.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020     83
Independent Auditors’ Report



KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Key audit matters                                             How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Interests in associates (Continued)
Refer to note 20 to the consolidated financial statements (Continued)


Management determines at the end of each                      ii)   Management’s impairment assessment of interests in
reporting period the existence of any objective                     associates included:
evidence through which the Group’s interests in all
associates may be impaired. The assessment of                       —    Evaluating of the Group’s independent valuers’
indicators of impairment and where such indicators                       assessments as to whether any indication of
exist and the determination of the recoverable                           impairment exist by reference to the available
amounts requires significant judgement.                                  information in the relevant market and
                                                                         industries;


                                                                    —    Assessing the methodologies used and the
                                                                         appropriateness of the key assumptions based
                                                                         on our knowledge; and


                                                                    —    Checking, on a sample basis, the accuracy and
                                                                         relevance of information included in the
                                                                         impairment assessment of interest in associates.


                                                              We found the key assumption adopted in management
                                                              impairment assessment on interests in associates were
                                                              supported by the available evidence

OTHER INFORMATION
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in
the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditors’ report thereon
(“Other Information”).


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the Other Information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the Other
Information and, in doing so, consider whether the Other Information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If,
based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this Other Information,
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




84     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                                                  Independent Auditors’ Report



RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair
view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation
of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. In
preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have
no realistic alternative but to do so.


The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our
opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Bermuda Companies
Act 1981 of Bermuda, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any
other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee
that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated
financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
     fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
     sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
     resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
     intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
     Group’s internal control.


•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
     related disclosures made by the directors.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020      85
Independent Auditors’ Report



AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
     the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
     significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
     uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors’ report to the related disclosures in the
     consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
     are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors’ report. However, future events or
     conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
     disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
     events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
     activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
     for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
     opinion.


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
applied.


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key
audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure
about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated
in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public
interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditors’ report is Tien Sun Kit, Jack.




HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
Certified Public Accountants


Tien Sun Kit, Jack
Practising Certificate Number: P07364


Hong Kong, 17 March 2021
86     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




                                                                                               2020              2019
                                                                             Notes         HK$’000            HK$’000


Revenue                                                                        7         6,352,919          6,590,635
Cost of sales                                                                           (2,317,725)         (2,549,270)
Gross profit                                                                             4,035,194          4,041,365


Other revenue and income                                                       8           383,552            263,655
Distribution costs                                                                      (1,860,086)         (2,239,494)
Administrative expenses                                                                    (685,239)          (609,621)
Impairment of financial assets at amortised cost, net                                       (17,805)           (57,825)
Fair value change on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss     9           271,409             (10,567)
Share of results of associates                                                               61,979           114,962
Finance costs                                                                 10           (115,421)          (146,502)
Profit before tax                                                                        2,073,583          1,355,973
Income tax expense                                                            11           (292,374)          (230,485)
Profit for the year                                                           12         1,781,209          1,125,488
Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of income tax


Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Fair value (loss)/gain on investment in equity instruments at fair value
  through other comprehensive income                                                        (15,602)              176
Share of other comprehensive income of associates                                            26,435            10,419


Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange difference on translating foreign operations                                      356,602             (75,664)
Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year, net of income tax                          367,435             (65,069)
Total comprehensive income for the year, net of income tax                               2,148,644          1,060,419

Profit/(loss) for the year attributable to:
  — Owners of the Company                                                                1,792,661          1,150,948
  — Non-controlling interests                                                               (11,452)           (25,460)
                                                                                         1,781,209          1,125,488

Total comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to:
  — Owners of the Company                                                                2,174,432          1,085,152
  — Non-controlling interests                                                               (25,788)           (24,733)
                                                                                         2,148,644          1,060,419

  Basic (HK cents)                                                            14              52.03              35.12

  Diluted (HK cents)                                                          14              52.03              34.42


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020       87
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at 31 December 2020




                                                                                     2020         2019
                                                                        Notes     HK$’000      HK$’000


Non-current assets
  Property, plant and equipment                                          16      3,033,216    2,921,470
  Right-of-use assets                                                    17       377,113      342,364
  Investment properties                                                  18       132,696       79,815
  Interests in associates                                                20      6,133,066    5,165,955
  Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income    30       171,164       95,025
  Loan receivables                                                       19       113,959            –
  Goodwill                                                               21       505,574      480,321
  Intangible assets                                                      23       881,843      794,723
  Deferred tax assets                                                    24        25,162       19,872
  Prepayments                                                            25       291,594       97,439
                                                                                11,665,387    9,996,984
Current assets
  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  26       520,767       71,891
  Inventories                                                            27       955,314      814,373
  Trade and other receivables                                            28      1,894,160    1,698,808
  Loan receivables                                                       19        45,676            –
  Amounts due from related companies                                     34        35,436       50,697
  Pledged bank deposits                                                  29        30,910      121,285
  Cash and cash equivalents                                              29      1,836,695    1,059,269
                                                                                 5,318,958    3,816,323
Current liabilities
  Trade and other payables                                               31      2,139,452    2,026,196
  Contract liabilities                                                   31       269,049      305,558
  Bank and other borrowings                                              32      1,568,454     967,607
  Lease liabilities                                                      33          6,200      22,621
  Amounts due to related companies                                       34        57,575       33,155
  Amount due to the immediate holding company                            36          2,331        3,402
  Income tax payable                                                              259,866      231,024
                                                                                 4,302,927    3,589,563
Net current assets                                                               1,016,031     226,760
Total assets less current liabilities                                           12,681,418   10,223,744




88     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                               As at 31 December 2020




                                                                                             2020               2019
                                                                        Notes          HK$’000             HK$’000


Non-current liabilities
  Bank and other borrowings                                                  32            798,562        1,062,690
  Lease liabilities                                                          33             15,162           11,928
  Deferred tax liabilities                                                   35            181,879         171,506
  Deferred income                                                            37            341,606         466,613
                                                                                      1,337,209           1,712,737
Net assets                                                                          11,344,209            8,511,007

Capital and reserves attributable to owners of the Company
  Share capital                                                              38             35,496           33,776
  Reserves                                                                          11,204,008            8,341,491
Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                        11,239,504            8,375,267
Non-controlling interests                                                                  104,705         135,740
Total equity                                                                        11,344,209            8,511,007


The consolidated financial statements on pages 87 to 196 were approved and authorised for issue by the board of
directors of the Company on 17 March 2021 and are signed on its behalf by:




                       Liu Chengwei                                               Shao Yan
                             Director                                             Director

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020     89
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2020




                                                                                               Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                           Total equity
                                                                                                                                                                           attributable
                                                                   Contribution                     Safety                              Convertible                          to owners        Non-
                                              Share       Share        Surplus    Statutory           fund Translation       Other           bonds     FVTOCI     Retained       of the controlling
                                             capital   premium         reserve      reserve        reserve    reserve      reserve          reserve    reserve      profits Company       interests         Total
                                            HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000        HK$’000
                                                                                    (Note a)      (Note b)                 (Note c)        (Note d)


As at 1 January 2019                         31,348    5,052,102       121,273      273,165         28,825     (141,922)    (92,677)         65,979        862    1,852,004     7,190,959    243,668     7,434,627
Profit for the year                               –           –              –            –              –            –            –              –          –    1,150,948     1,150,948    (25,460)    1,125,488
Other comprehensive loss for the year,
  net of income tax:
Change in fair value of FATOCI                    –           –              –            –              –            –            –              –        176            –          176           –          176
Share of other comprehensive income
  of associates                                   –           –              –            –              –      10,419             –              –          –            –       10,419           –       10,419
Exchange difference on translation
  of foreign operations                           –           –              –            –              –      (76,391)           –              –          –            –       (76,391)      727        (75,664)
Total comprehensive income for the year           –           –              –            –              –      (65,972)           –              –        176    1,150,948     1,085,152    (24,733)    1,060,419
Convertible bond converted into shares
   during the year                            2,222     356,594              –            –              –            –            –        (65,979)         –            –      292,837           –      292,837
Issued under subscription, net                  206     102,411              –            –              –            –            –              –          –            –      102,617           –      102,617
Acquisition of additional interest
   in a subsidiary                                –           –              –            –              –            –       (5,827)             –          –            –        (5,827)   (77,803)      (83,630)
Dividend paid                                     –           –              –            –              –            –            –              –          –     (290,471)     (290,471)    (5,392)     (295,863)
Transfer                                          –           –              –      130,345              –            –            –              –          –     (130,345)            –          –             –

As at 31 December 2019 and 1 January 2020    33,776    5,511,107       121,273      403,510         28,825     (207,894)    (98,504)              –      1,038    2,582,136     8,375,267    135,740     8,511,007
Profit for the year                               –           –              –            –              –            –            –              –          –    1,792,661     1,792,661    (11,452)    1,781,209
Other comprehensive loss for the year,
  net of income tax:
Change in fair value of FATOCI                    –           –              –            –              –            –            –              –    (15,602)           –       (15,602)         –       (15,602)
Share of other comprehensive income
  of associates                                   –           –              –            –              –            –            –              –     26,435            –       26,435           –       26,435
Exchange difference on translation
  of foreign operations                           –           –              –            –              –     370,938             –              –          –            –      370,938     (14,336)     356,602
Total comprehensive income for the year           –           –              –            –              –     370,938             –              –     10,833    1,792,661     2,174,432    (25,788)    2,148,644
Convertible bond converted into shares
   during the year                                –            –             –            –              –            –            –              –          –            –             –          –             –
Issued under subscription, net                1,720    1,011,942             –            –              –            –            –              –          –            –     1,013,662          –     1,013,662
Acquisition of additional interest
   in a subsidiary                                –           –              –            –              –            –         388               –          –            –           388          –           388
Dividend paid                                     –           –              –            –              –            –           –               –          –     (324,245)     (324,245)    (5,247)     (329,492)
Transfer                                          –           –              –       76,172              –            –           –               –          –      (76,172)            –          –             –
As at 31 December 2020                       35,496    6,523,049       121,273      479,682         28,825     163,044      (98,116)              –     11,871    3,974,380    11,239,504    104,705    11,344,209




90           China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
              Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020




Notes:

a.   Each of the Company’s the PRC subsidiary’s Articles of association requires the appropriation of 10% of its profit after tax determined
     under the relevant accounting principles and financial regulations applicable to companies established in the PRC each year to the
     statutory reserve until the balance reaches 50% of the share capital. The statutory reserve shall only be used for making up losses,
     capitalisation into share capital and expansion of the production and operation.

b.   According to document (Cai Qi 2006 No. 478), entities involved in mining, construction, production of dangerous goods and land
     transport are required to transfer an amount at fixed rates on production volume or operating revenue as safety fund reserve. The
     safety fund is for future enhancement of safety production environment and improvement of facilities and is not available for
     distribution to shareholders.

c.   Other reserve represents the difference between the consideration paid to non-controlling interests for acquisition of additional
     equity interest in a subsidiary without the overall change in the control in that subsidiary and the carrying amount of share of net
     assets being acquired.

d.   The amount represented the equity component of the convertible bonds issued in prior years.


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020          91
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2020




                                                                                     2020         2019
                                                                        Notes     HK$’000      HK$’000


Operating activities
Profit before tax                                                                2,073,583    1,355,973
Adjustments for:
  Amortisation of intangible assets                                      23        11,660         8,305
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                          16       259,821      457,174
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                    17        15,580       11,657
  Finance costs                                                          10       115,421      146,502
  Recognition of government grant                                        37       (163,504)    (142,001)
  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                     12, 16       3,587      31,574
  Write-off of property, plant and equipment                            12, 16       7,009        7,441
  Impairment loss on inventories                                         12          8,165        6,872
  Allowance for expected credit loss recognised                          12
   in respect of trade and other receivables                                         9,888      54,145
  Allowance for expected credit loss recognised in respect of            12
  loan receivables                                                                    827             –
  Allowance for expected credit loss recognised in respect of amounts    12
   due from related companies                                                        7,090        3,680
  Dividends received from associates                                                     –         807
  Fair value (gain)/loss on financial assets at fair value through        9
   profit or loss                                                                 (264,972)     11,666
  Interest income                                                         8        (18,046)     (11,152)
  Share of results of associates                                                   (61,979)    (114,962)
  Gain on sales and lease back transaction, net                           8         (8,576)     (28,378)
  Net gain in fair value of investment properties                       8, 18      (45,648)      (6,974)
  Investment income from financial assets at fair                         9
   value through profit or loss                                                     (6,437)      (1,099)
Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                         1,943,469    1,791,230
  Increase in inventories                                                         (100,962)     (65,119)
  Increase in trade and other receivables                                         (122,231)    (143,546)
  Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables                                    2,489     (297,152)
  Decrease/(increase) in amounts due from related companies                          8,771      (43,494)
  Increase in amounts due to related companies                                     21,288       23,130
  (Decrease)/increase in contract liabilities                                      (51,817)    153,983
  Increase in deferred incomes                                                     14,853       22,615
Cash generated from operations                                                   1,715,860    1,441,647
  Income tax paid                                                                 (259,914)    (137,702)
Net cash generated from operating activities                                     1,455,946    1,303,945




92     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
                              Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2020




                                                                                             2020               2019
                                                                         Notes         HK$’000            HK$’000


Investing activities
  Purchase of property, plant and equipment                               16           (209,011)          (566,038)
  Purchase of intangible asset                                            23            (49,560)            (1,148)
  Payments of right-of-use assets                                                       (20,029)           (32,194)
  Acquisition of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                 (193,762)           (49,998)
  Acquisition of financial assets at fair value through other
  comprehensive income                                                                  (86,110)                 –
  Increase in loan receivables                                                         (160,462)                 –
  Addition of investments in associates                                                (911,479)           (63,136)
  Dividends received from associates                                                    410,967                  –
  Advances from associates                                                               21,630            309,013
  Repayment of advances from associates                                                (256,469)           (18,463)
  Decrease in deposits for acquisition of non-current assets                                  –             39,350
  Withdrawal/(placement) of pledged bank deposits                                        92,520            (49,738)
  Increase in non-current prepayments                                                  (188,649)           (14,271)
  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                 1,531                  –
  Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value
   through profit or loss                                                                   11,237          11,412
  Interest income received                                                 8                18,046          11,152
  Investment income from financial assets at fair                          9
   value through profit or loss                                                              6,437              1,099
  Net cash outflow from acquisition of subsidiaries that are not          39
  constitute business                                                                            –          (20,619)
Net cash used in investing activities                                                (1,513,163)          (443,579)
Financing activities
  Acquisition of partial interest of a subsidiary                         22            (10,102)            (83,630)
  Net proceed from issue of new shares from subscription                              1,013,662             102,617
  Repayments of bank and other borrowings                                            (1,900,619)         (1,749,903)
  Repayments of lease liabilities                                         33            (24,427)            (58,798)
  Repayments of bond payables                                                                 –            (113,436)
  Interest paid                                                                        (115,421)           (128,605)
  Proceed from new bank and other borrowings                                          2,141,875           1,631,508
  Repayment to an immediate holding company                                              (1,207)            (14,090)
  Dividend paid                                                                        (324,245)           (290,471)
  Dividends paid to non-controlling interest                                             (5,247)             (5,392)
Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                                     774,269        (710,200)
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                               717,052            150,166
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year                                    1,059,269            912,244
  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                60,374             (3,141)
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                           1,836,695          1,059,269

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020      93
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




1. GENERAL INFORMATION
     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited (the “Company”) is incorporated in Bermuda on
     18 October 1995 as an exempted company under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda with its shares listed on
     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) since 19 December 1995. The addresses of
     the registered office and principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in “Corporate information”
     section of the annual report.


     The Company and its subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Group”) are principally engaged
     in the manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical preparations and medical devices, bio-technology products
     and nutrition products, specialised pharmaceutical raw materials and other products, in the People’s Republic
     of China (the “PRC”).


     The directors consider that Outwit Investments Limited (“Outwit”) is the parent company of the Company and
     China Grand Enterprises Incorporation is the ultimate holding company of the Company.


     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), which is the same as
     functional currency of the Company, and the functional currency of the most of the subsidiaries in Renminbi
     (“RMB”). The board of directors considered that it is more appropriate to present the consolidated financial
     statements in HK$ as the shares of the Company are listed on the Stock Exchange. The consolidated financial
     statements are presented in thousands of units of HK$ (HK$’000), unless otherwise stated.


2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING
   STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”)
     Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
     In the current year, the Group has applied the Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in
     HKFRS Standards and the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
     Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”) for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual period
     beginning on or after 1 January 2020 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:


     Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKAS 8               Definition of material
     Amendments to HKFRS 3                         Definition of a Business
     Amendments to HKFRS 9,                        Interest Rate Benchmark Reform
        HKAS 39 and HKFRS 7

     The application of the Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in HKFRS Standards and the
     amendments to HKFRSs in the current year has had no material impact on the Group’s financial performance
     and positions for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial
     statements.




94     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2020




2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING
   STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”) (Continued)
  New and amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective
  The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued but are
  not yet effective:


  HKFRS 17                                        Insurance Contracts and the related Amendments1
  Amendments to HKFRS 3                           Reference to the Conceptual Framework2
  Amendments to HKFRS 16                          Covid-19 Related Rent Concessions3
  Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39,                 Interest Rate Benchmark Reform — Phase 25
      HKFRS 7, HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16
  Amendments to HKFRS 10 and                      Sales or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
      HKAS 28                                        Associate or Joint Venture4
  Amendments to HKAS 1                            Classification of liabilities as Current or Non Current, and
                                                     related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)1
  Amendments to HKAS 16                           Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended use2
  Amendments to HKAS 37                           Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a Contracts2
  Amendments to HKFRS Standards                   Annual Improvement to HKFRS Standards 2018–20202

  1
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023
  2
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022
  3
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 June 2020
  4
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after date to be determine
  5
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021


  The directors anticipate that the application of all other new and amendments to HKFRSs will have no material
  impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020      95
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     Basis of preparation
     The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set
     out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.


     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable HKFRSs, which is a
     collective term that includes all applicable individual HKFRSs, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”),
     and Interpretations issued by the HKICPA and accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong. For the
     purpose of preparation of the consolidation financial statements, information is considered material if such
     information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated
     financial statements include applicable disclosures required by Listing Rules and by the Hong Kong Companies
     Ordinance.


     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for certain
     properties and financial instruments, which are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as
     explained in the accounting policies set out below. Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the
     consideration given in exchange for assets.


     Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
     transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly
     observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability,
     the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those
     characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for
     measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a
     basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of HKFRS 2 Share-based Payment,
     leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 16, and measurements that have some
     similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in HKAS 2 Inventories or value in use
     in HKAS 36 Impairment of Assets.


     In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 based
     on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the
     inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:


     •       Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
             entity can access at the measurement date;


     •       Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the
             asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and


     •       Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.




96       China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   The principal accounting policies are set out below:


   Basis of consolidation
   The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities
   controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:


   •    has power over the investee;


   •    is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and


   •    has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.


   The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
   changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.


   When the Group has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the investee
   when the voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee
   unilaterally. The Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether or not the Group’s
   voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give it power, including:


   •    the size of the Group’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the other
        vote holders;


   •    potential voting rights held by the Group, other vote holders or other parties;


   •    rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and


   •    any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Group has, or does not have, the current
        ability to direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, including voting
        patterns at previous patterns at previous shareholders’ meetings.


   Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the
   Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed
   of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
   from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.


   Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
   Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the
   owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interest even if this results in the non-controlling interests
   having a deficit balance.


   When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting
   policies into line with the Group’s accounting policies.


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020        97
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Basis of consolidation (Continued)
     All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between
     members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.


     Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which
     represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the
     relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.


     Changes in the Group’s interests in existing subsidiaries
     Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the
     subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant components
     of equity and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the
     subsidiaries, including re-attribution of relevant reserves between the Group and the non-controlling interests
     according to the Group’s and the non-controlling interests’ proportionate interests. Any difference between
     the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or
     received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.


     When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the assets and liabilities of that subsidiary and non-controlling
     interests (if any) are derecognised. Gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss and is calculated as the difference
     between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value of any retained
     interest and (ii) the carrying amount of the assets (including goodwill), and liabilities of the subsidiary
     attributable to the owners of the Company and any non-controlling interests. All amounts previously recognised
     in other comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary are accounted for as if the Group had directly
     disposed of the related assets or liabilities of the subsidiary (i.e. reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to
     another category of equity as specific/permitted by applicable HKFRSs). The fair value of any investment
     retained in the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is regarded as the fair value on initial
     recognition for subsequent accounting under HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments (“HKFRS 9”), when applicable, the
     cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or a joint venture.


     Business combination
     Acquisitions of businesses, other than business combination under common control are accounted for using
     the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at fair value,
     which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred by the Group,
     liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the
     Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are generally recognised in profit or
     loss as incurred.


     Except for certain recognition exemptions, the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed must meet
     the definitions of an asset and a liability in the Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial
     Statements (replaced by the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting issued in October 2010).




98     China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Business combinations (Continued)
   At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair
   value, except that:


   •    deferred tax assets or liabilities and liabilities or assets related to employee benefit arrangements are
        recognised and measured in accordance with HKAS 12 Income Taxes and HKAS 19 Employee Benefits
        respectively;


   •    liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or share-
        based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment arrangements
        of the acquiree are measured in accordance with HKFRS 2 Share-based Payment at the acquisition date
        (see the accounting policy below); and


   •    assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with HKFRS 5 Non-current
        Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that standard.


   •    lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments (as
        defined in HKFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except for leases
        for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the underlying asset is of
        low value. Right-of-use assets are recognised and measured at the same amount as the relevant lease
        liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when compared with market
        terms.


   Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
   controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the
   acquiree (if any) over the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the
   liabilities assumed. If, after re-assessment, the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets
   acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
   controlling interests in the acquire and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in the acquire (if
   any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.


   Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share
   of the entity’s net assets in the event of liquidation may be initially measured either at fair value or at the non-
   controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets.
   The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis. Other types of non-controlling
   interests are measured at their fair value.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020       99
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Business combinations (Continued)
     When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes assets or liabilities
     resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its
     acquisition-date fair value and included as part of the consideration transferred in a business combination.
     Changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration that qualify as measurement period adjustments are
     adjusted retrospectively, with the corresponding adjustments made against goodwill. Measurement period
     adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional information obtained during the “measurement period”
     (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition date) about facts and circumstances that existed at the
     acquisition date.


     The subsequent accounting for changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration that do not qualify as
     measurement period adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration is classified. Contingent
     consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent
     settlement is accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration that is classified as an asset or a liability is
     remeasured at subsequent reporting dates in accordance with HKFRS 9, or HKAS 37 Provisions, Contingent
     Liabilities and Contingent Assets, as appropriate, with the corresponding gain or loss being recognised in
     profit or loss.


     When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree
     is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date when the Group obtains control), and the
     resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognised in profit or loss or other comprehensive income, as appropriate.
     Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that have previously been
     recognised in other comprehensive income and measured under HKFRS 9 would be accounted for on the same
     basis as would be required if the Group had disposed directly of the previously held equity interest.


     If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which
     the combination occurs, the Group reports provisional amounts for the items for which the accounting is
     incomplete. Those provisional amounts are adjusted during the measurement period (see above), or additional
     assets or liabilities are recognised, to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that
     existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the amounts recognised as of that date.


     Acquisition of a subsidiary not constituting a business
     When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a business, the Group
     identifies and recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating the
     purchase price first to right-of-use assets and construction in progress which are subsequently measured under
     fair value model and financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective fair values, the remaining balance of
     the purchase price is then allocated to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis of their relative
     fair values at the date of purchase. Such a transaction does not give rise to goodwill or bargain purchase gain.




100 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Goodwill
   Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of the acquisition of
   the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if any.


   For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the relevant cash-generating units (or
   groups of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.


   A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for
   impairment annually, or more frequently whenever there is indication that the unit may be impaired. For
   goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating
   units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before the end of that reporting period. If
   the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is
   allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the other assets
   of the unit pro-rata on the basis of the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of cash- generating
   units). Any impairment loss for goodwill is recognised directly in profit or loss. An impairment loss recognised
   for goodwill is not reversed in subsequent periods.


   On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group of cash-
   generating units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount of profit
   or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation within the cash-generating unit (or a cash-
   generating unit within a group of cash-generating units), the amount of goodwill disposed of is measured on
   the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the cash-generating unit) disposed of and the portion of the
   cash-generating unit (or the group of cash-generating units) retained.


   The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate is described below.


   Investments in associates
   An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence and that is neither a subsidiary nor an
   interest in a joint venture. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy
   decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over those policies.


   The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in these consolidated financial statements
   using the equity method of accounting, except when the investment is or a portion thereof, is classified as held
   for sales, in which case it is accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and
   Discontinued Operations. Under the equity method, an investment in associates is initially recognised in the
   consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of
   the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associates. When the Group’s share of losses of an
   associate equals or exceeds its interest in that associate (which includes any long-term interests that, in
   substance, form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate), the Group discontinues recognising its
   share of further losses. Additional losses are recognised only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or
   constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of that associate.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020     101
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Investments in associates (Continued)
     An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the investee
     becomes an associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate, any excess of the cost of the
     investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is
     recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the
     Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment, after
     reassessment, is recognised immediate in profit or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.


     Any excess of the cost of the acquisition over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets,
     liabilities and contingent liabilities of the associate recognised at the date of acquisition is recognised as
     goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the investment.


     Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent
     liabilities over the cost of acquisition, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss.


     The requirements of HKAS 28 and HKFRS 9 are applied to determine whether it is necessary to recognise any
     impairment loss with respect to the Group’s investment in an associate. When necessary, the entire carrying
     amount of the investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with HKAS 36 Impairment
     of Assets as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs
     to sell) with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognised forms part of the carrying amount of the
     investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with HKAS 36 to the extent that
     the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.


     The Group discontinues the use of the equity method from the date when the investment ceases to be an
     associate, or when the investment is classified as held for sales. When the Group retains an interest in the
     former associate and the retained interest is a financial asset, the Group measures the retained interest at fair
     value at that date and the fair value is regarded as its fair value on initial recognition in accordance with HKFRS
     9. The difference between the carrying amount of the associate at the date the equity method was
     discontinued, and the carrying amount of any retained interest and any proceeds from disposing of a part
     interest in the associate is included in the determination of the gain or loss on disposal of the associate. In
     addition, the Group accounts for all amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation
     to that associate on the same basis as would be required if that associate or joint venture had directly disposed
     of the related assets or liabilities. Therefore, if a gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive
     income by that associate would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities,
     the Group reclassifies the gain or loss from equity to profit or loss (as a reclassification adjustment) when the
     equity method is discontinued.


     The Group continues to use the equity method when an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a
     joint venture or an investment in a joint venture becomes an investment in an associate. There is no
     remeasurement to fair value upon such change in ownership interests.




102 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Investments in associates (Continued)
   When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate or a joint venture but the Group continues to
   use the equity method, the Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or loss that had
   previously been recognised in other comprehensive income relating to the reduction in ownership interest if
   that gain or loss would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of related assets or liabilities.


   When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the transactions
   with the associate are recognised in the Group’s consolidated financial statements only to the extent of
   interests in the associate or joint venture that are not related to the Group.


   Revenue recognition
   Revenue from contracts with customers
   Under HKFRS 15, the Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when
   “control” of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the
   customer.


   A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a
   series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.


   Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards
   complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:


   •    the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance
        as the Group performs;


   •    the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
        performs; or


   •    the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has
        an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.


   Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or
   service.


   A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group
   has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in accordance with
   HKFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the
   passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020    103
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Revenue recognition (Continued)
     Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
     A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the
     Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer. A contract asset
     and a contract liability relating to a contract are accounted for an presented on a net basis.


     For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations, the Group allocates the transaction price to
     each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis.


     Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. Revenue represents amounts
     receivable for goods sold in the normal course of business, net of discounts and sales related taxes.


     Sale of goods
     Revenue from manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical preparations and medical devices, sales of bio-
     technology products and nutrition products and sales of specialised pharmaceutical raw materials and other
     products are recognised at point in time when carrier designated by the customer, or after the customer’s
     acceptance or after control transfer to customer. The credit period granted to customers by the Group is
     determined based on the characteristics of customers’ credit risk, which is consistent with industry practice and
     there is no significant financing component. The Group’s obligations to transfer goods to customers for
     consideration received or receivable from customers are shown as contract liabilities.


     Dividend income
     Dividend income from investments is recognised at point in time when the shareholders’ right to receive
     payment has been established (provided that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Group
     and the amount of revenue can be measured reliably).


     Interest income
     Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial
     asset except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit impaired financial assets,
     the effective interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after deduction of the loss
     allowance). Interest income is presented as “interest income” where it is mainly earned from financial assets
     that are held for cash management purposes.


     Rental income
     The Group’s accounting policy for recognition of revenue from operating leases is described in the accounting
     policy below.




104 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Leasing
   Definition of a lease
   A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a
   period of time in exchange for consideration.


   For contracts entered into or modified on or after date of initial application or arising from business
   combinations, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under
   HKFRS 16 at inception, modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such contract will not be
   reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.


   The Group as a lessee
   Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
   For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the
   Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-
   alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.


   The Group also applies practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease component, and
   instead account for the lease component and any associated non-lease components as a single lease
   component.


   Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
   The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of office premises that have a lease
   term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also applies
   the recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of
   low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis or another systematic basis over the lease
   term.


   Right-of-use assets
   The cost of right-of-use asset includes:


   •       the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;


   •       any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;


   •       any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and


   •       an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets,
           restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the
           terms and conditions of the lease.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020     105
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Leasing (Continued)
     The Group as a lessee (Continued)
     Right-of-use assets (Continued)
     Except for those that are classified as investment properties and measured under fair value model, right-of-use
     assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any
     remeasurement of lease liabilities.


     Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased assets
     at the end of the lease term are depreciated from the commencement date to the end of the useful life.
     Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful
     life and lease term.


     The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
     position.


     Refundable rental deposits
     Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments
     to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of right-
     of-use assets.


     Lease liabilities
     At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the present
     value of lease payments that are unpaid at the date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the
     Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the
     lease is not readily determinable.


     Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise:


     •     fixed lease payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;


     •     variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate, initially measured using the index or rate at the
           commencement date;


     •     the amount expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees;


     •     the exercise price of purchase options, if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise the options; and


     •     payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the exercise of an option to
           terminate the lease.


     After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.



106 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Leasing (Continued)
   The Group as a lessee (Continued)
   Lease liabilities (Continued)
   The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use
   assets) whenever:


   •    the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option, in
        which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a
        revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.


   •    the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review/expected
        payment under a guaranteed residual value, in which cases the related lease liability is remeasured by
        discounting the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate.


   The lease liabilities is presented as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.


   Lease modifications
   The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:


   •    the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying
        assets; and


   •    the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price for the
        increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the circumstances
        of the particular contract.


   For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability
   based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised
   discount rate at the effective date of the modification.


   The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to the
   relevant right-of-use asset. When the modified contract contains a lease component and one or more
   additional lease or non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the modified contract to
   each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate
   stand-alone price of the non-lease components.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020     107
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Leasing (Continued)
     The Group as a lessor
     Classification and measurement of leases
     Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. Whenever the terms of the
     lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to the lessee,
     the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases.


     Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognised as receivables at commencement date at
     amounts equal to net investments in the leases, measured using the interest rate implicit in the respective
     leases. Initial direct costs (other than those incurred by manufacturer or dealer lessors) are included in the initial
     measurement of the net investments in the leases. Interest income is allocated to accounting periods so as to
     reflect a constant periodic rate of return on the Group’s net investment outstanding in respect of the leases.


     Rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term of the
     relevant lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the
     carrying amount of the leased asset, and such costs are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over
     the lease term except for investment properties measured under fair value model. Variable lease payments for
     operating leases that depend on an index or a rate are estimated and included in the total lease payments to
     be recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an
     index or a rate are recognised as income when they arise. When a lease contract contains a specific clause that
     provides for rent reduction or suspension of rent in the event that the underlying assets (or any part thereof) are
     affected by adverse events beyond the control of the Group and the lessee so as to render the underlying
     assets unfit or not available for use, the relevant rent reduction or suspension of rent resulting from the specific
     clause is accounted for as part of the original lease and not as a lease modification. Such rent reduction or
     suspension of rent is recognised in profit or loss in the period in which the event or condition that triggers
     those payments to occur.


     Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
     When a contract includes both leases and non-lease components, the Group applies HKFRS 15 Revenue from
     Contracts with Customers (“HKFRS 15”) to allocate consideration in a contract to lease and non-lease
     components. Non-lease components are separated from lease component on the basis of their relative stand-
     alone selling prices.


     Refundable rental deposits
     Refundable rental deposits received are accounted for under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
     Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments from lessees.




108 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Leasing (Continued)
   The Group as a lessor (Continued)
   Sublease
   When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for the head lease and the sublease as two separate
   contracts. The sublease is classified as a finance or operating lease by reference to the right-of-use asset arising
   from the head lease, not with reference to the underlying asset.


   Lease modification
   Changes in considerations of lease contracts that were not part of the original terms and conditions are
   accounted for as lease modifications, including lease incentives provided through forgiveness or reduction of
   rentals. The Group accounts for a modification to an operating lease as a new lease from the effective date of
   the modification, considering any prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to the original lease as part of
   the lease payments for the new lease.


   Foreign currencies
   In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the
   entity’s functional currency (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchange prevailing at the dates
   of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are
   retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated
   in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined.
   Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.


   Exchange difference arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items
   receivable from or payable to a foreign operation for which they arise.


   For the purpose of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s
   operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group using exchange rate prevailing at the end
   of each reporting period. Income and expenses items are translated at the average exchange rates at the date
   of transactions are used. Exchange difference arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income
   and accumulated in equity under the heading of exchange reserve.


   On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in a foreign operation,
   or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, or a partial disposal of
   an interest in a joint arrangement or an associate that includes a foreign operation of which the retained
   interest becomes a financial asset), all of the exchange differences accumulated in equity in respect of that
   operation attributable to the owners of the Company are reclassified to profit or loss.


   In addition, in relation to a partial disposal of a subsidiary that does not result in the Group losing control over
   the subsidiary, the proportionate share of accumulated exchange differences are re-attributed to non-
   controlling interests and are not recognised in profit or loss. For all other partial disposals (i.e. partial disposals
   of associates or joint arrangements that do not result in the Group losing significant influence or joint control),
   the proportionate share of the accumulated exchange differences is reclassified to profit or loss.

                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020     109
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Foreign currencies (Continued)
     Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an acquisition of a foreign
     operation are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at the rate of exchange
     prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Exchange differences arising are recognised in equity under the
     heading of foreign currency translation reserve.


     Borrowing costs
     Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are
     assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to
     the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.


     Any specific borrowing that remain outstanding after the related asset is ready for its intended use or sale is
     included in the general borrowing pool for calculation of capitalisation rate on general borrowings. Investment
     income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying
     assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.


     All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.


     Government grants
     Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the
     conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.


     Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group
     recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Specifically,
     government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire
     non-current assets are recognised as deferred income in the consolidated statement of financial position and
     transferred to profit or loss over the useful lives of the related assets.


     Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already
     incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are
     recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable. Such grants are presented under
     “other revenue and income”.


     The benefit of a government loan at a below-market rate of interest is treated as a government grant, measured
     as the difference between proceeds received and the fair value of the loan based on prevailing market interest
     rates.




110 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Taxation
   Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.


   Current tax
   The tax currently payable is based on the taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from ‘profit before
   tax’ as reported in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income because of items of income or
   expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and it further excludes items that are never taxable or
   deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or
   substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.


   Deferred tax
   Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in
   the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax base used in the computation of taxable
   profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets
   are generally recognised for all deductible temporary difference to the extent that it is probable that taxable
   profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such assets and
   liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from goodwill or from the initial recognition
   (other than in a business combination) of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the
   taxable profit nor the accounting profit. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the temporary
   difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.


   Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
   subsidiaries and associates, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference
   and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets
   arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments and interests are only
   recognised to the extent that it is probably that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise
   the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.


   The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
   extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset
   to be recovered.


   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when
   the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
   substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.


   The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the
   manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount
   of its assets and liabilities.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020      111
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Taxation (Continued)
     Deferred tax (Continued)
     For the purposes of measuring deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets for investment properties that are
     measured using the fair value model, the carrying amounts of such properties are presumed to be recovered
     entirely through sale, unless the presumption is rebutted. The presumption objective is to consume
     substantially all of the economic benefits embodied in the investment property over time, rather than through
     sale except for freehold land, which is always presumed to be recovered entirely through sales.


     For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies
     HKAS 12 Income Taxes requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately. Temporary
     differences relating to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are not recognised at initial recognition and over
     the lease terms due to application of the initial recognition exemption. Temporary differences arising from
     subsequent revision to the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, resulting from
     remeasurement of lease liabilities and lease modifications, that are not subject to initial recognition exemption
     are recognised on the date of remeasurement or modification.


     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets
     against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the
     same taxation authority.


     Current and deferred tax for the year
     Current and deferred tax are recognised in to profit or loss, except when it relates to items that are recognised
     in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the current and deferred tax are also
     recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax
     arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting for the
     business combination.


     In assessing any uncertainty over income tax treatments, the Group considers whether it is probable that the
     relevant tax authority will accept the uncertain tax treatment used, or proposed to be use by individual group
     entities in their income tax filings. If it is probable, the current and deferred taxes are determined consistently
     with the tax treatment in the income tax filings. If it is not probable that the relevant taxation authority will
     accept an uncertain tax treatment, the effect of each uncertainty is reflected by using either the most likely
     amount or the expected value.




112 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Property, plant and equipment
   Property, plant and equipment including buildings held for use in the production or supply of goods or services
   for administrative purposes (other than allocated land and construction in progress) are stated in the
   consolidated statement of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and
   accumulated impairment losses, if any.


   Properties in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are carried at cost,
   less any recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the
   location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management and,
   for qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalised in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy.
   Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets are ready
   for their intended use.


   Ownership interests in leasehold land and building
   When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which includes both leasehold land and
   building elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the building elements
   in proportion to the relative fair values at initial recognition.


   To the extent the allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably, interest in leasehold land that is
   accounted for as an operating lease is presented as “right-of-use assets” in the consolidated statement of
   financial position except for those that are classified and accounted for as investment properties under the fair
   value model. When the consideration cannot be allocated reliably between non-lease building element and
   undivided interest in the underlying leasehold land, the entire properties are classified as property, plant and
   equipment.


   Construction in progress includes property, plant and equipment in the course of construction for production
   or for its own use purposes. Construction in progress is carried at cost less any recognised impairment loss.
   Construction in progress is classified to the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when
   completed and ready for intended use. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property
   assets, commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.


   Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment other than
   allocated land and construction in progress over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method.
   The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting
   period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.


   An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits
   are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement
   of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and
   the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020    113
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Investment properties
     Investment properties are properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation. On initial recognition,
     investment properties are measured at cost including any directly attributable expenditure. Subsequent to
     initial recognition, investment properties are measured at fair value. Gain and losses arising from changes in
     the fair value of investment property are included in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.


     Investment properties also include leased properties which are being recognised as right-of-use assets upon
     application of HKFRS 16 and subleased by the Group under operating leases.


     Investment properties under construction are accounted for in the same way as completed investment
     properties. Specifically, construction costs incurred for investment properties under construction are capitalised
     as part of the carrying amount of the investment properties under construction. Investment properties under
     construction are measured at fair value at the end of the reporting period. Any difference between the fair
     value of the investment properties under construction and their carrying amounts is recognised in profit or loss
     in the period in which they arise.


     An investment property is derecognised upon disposal or when the investment property is permanently
     withdrawn from use and no future economic benefits are expected from its disposals. A leased property which
     is recognised as a right-of-use asset is derecognised if the Group as intermediate lessor classifies the sublease
     as a finance lease. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the property (calculated as the difference
     between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset) is included in profit or loss in the
     period which the property is derecognised.


     If an investment property become a stock of properties because its use has changed as evidenced by the
     commencement of development with view to sale, any difference the carrying amount and the fair value of the
     property at the date of transfer is recognised in profit or loss. Subsequent to the changes, the property is
     stated at lower of deemed cost, equivalent to the fair value at the date of transfer, and net realisable value.


     The Group transfers a property from stock of properties to investment properties when there is a change in use
     to hold the property to earn rentals or/and for capital appreciation rather than for sale in the ordinary course of
     business, which is evidenced by the commencement of an operating lease to another party. For a transfer from
     stock of properties to investment properties, any difference between the fair value of the property at the date
     of change in use and its previous carrying amount is recognised in profit or loss.


     Intangible assets
     Intangible assets acquired separately
     Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less accumulated
     amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation is recognised on a straight-line basis over
     their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each
     reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.
     Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less any subsequent
     accumulated impairment losses.



114 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Intangible assets (Continued)
   Research and development expenditure
   Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.


   An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development phase of
   an internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:


   •     the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;


   •     the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;


   •     the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;


   •     how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;


   •     the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to
         use or sell the intangible asset; and


   •     the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development.


   The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible assets is the sum of the expenditure
   incurred from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no
   internally-generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is recognised in profit or
   loss in period in which it is incurred.


   Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less accumulated
   amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired
   separately.


   Intangible assets acquired in a business combination
   Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and are initially
   recognised at their fair values at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).


   Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination are reported at cost less
   accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets that are
   acquired separately. Intangible assets acquired in a business combination with indefinite useful lives are carried
   at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.


   An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from use
   or disposal. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the difference
   between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are recognised in profit or loss when
   the asset is derecognised.



                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020       115
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
     assets other than goodwill
     At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and
     equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets with finite useful lives to determine whether there is any
     indication that these assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable
     amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any).
     Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and intangible assets not yet available for use are tested for
     impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.


     The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, and intangible assets are
     estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group
     estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

     In addition, the Group assesses whether there is indication that corporate assets may be impaired. If such
     indication exists, corporate assets are also allocated to individual cash-generating units, when a reasonable and
     consistent basis of allocation can be identified, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash-
     generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be identified.


     Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in use,
     the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects
     current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a cash-generating
     unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.


     If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
     amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. For
     corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis
     to a cash-generating unit, the Group compares the carrying amount of a group of cash-generating units,
     including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group of
     cash-generating units, with the recoverable amount of the group of cash-generating units. In allocating the
     impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if
     applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the
     unit or the group of cash-generating units. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of
     its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the
     impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets
     of the unit or the group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or
     loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount under another standard, in which case the
     impairment loss is treated as a revaluation decrease under that standard.


     Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit or a
     group of cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the
     increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no
     impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or a cash-generating unit or a group of cash-generating units) in
     prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss, unless the relevant
     asset is carried at a revalued amount under another standard, in which case the reversal of the impairment loss
     is treated as a revaluation increase under that standard.


116 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Inventories
   Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost of inventories is determined on
   weighted average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less all
   estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale.

   Cash and cash equivalents
   Bank balances and cash in the consolidated statement of financial position comprise cash at banks and on hand
   and short-term deposits with a maturity of three months or less. For the purpose of the consolidated statement
   of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and short-term deposits as defined above.

   Provision
   Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past
   event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be
   made of the amount of the obligation.

   The amount recognised as provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present
   obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the
   obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its
   carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is
   material).

   When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered from a
   third party, a receivable is recognised as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will be received and
   the amount of the receivable can be measured reliably.

   Employee benefit
   Retirement benefit costs and termination benefits
   Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are recognised as an expense when employees have
   rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

   For defined benefit retirement benefit plans, the cost of providing benefits is determined using the projected
   until credit method, with actuarial valuations being carried out at the end if each annual reporting period.
   Remeasurement, comprising actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the changes of the asset ceiling (if
   applicable) and the return on plan assets (excluding interest), is reflected immediately in the statement of
   financial position with a charge or credit recognised in other comprehensive income in the period in which they
   occur, Remeasurement recognised in other comprehensive income is reflected immediately in retained
   earnings and will not be reclassified to profit or loss.

   Past service cost is recognised in profit or loss in the period of a plan amendment or curtailment and a gain or
   loss on settlement is recognised when settlement occurs. When determining past service cost, or a gain or loss
   on settlement, an entity shall remeasure the net defined benefit liability or asset using the current fair value of
   plan assets and current actuarial assumptions, reflecting the benefits offered under the plan and the plan assets
   before and after the plan amendment, curtailment or settlement, without considering the effect of asset ceiling
   (i.e. the present value of any economic benefits available in the form of refunds from the plan or reductions in
   future contributions to the plan).


                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020     117
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Employee benefit (Continued)
     Retirement benefit costs and termination benefits (Continued)
     Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate at the beginning of the period to the net defined
     benefit liability or asset. However, if the Group remeasures the net defined benefit liability or asset before plan
     amendment, curtailment or settlement, the Group determines net interest for the remainder of the annual
     reporting period after the plan amendment, curtailment or settlement using the benefits offered under the plan
     and the plan assets after the plan amendment, curtailment or settlement and the discount rate used to
     remeasure such net defined benefit liability or asset, taking into account any changes in the net defined benefit
     liability or asset during the period resulting from contributions or benefit payments.

     Defined benefit costs are categorised as follows:

     •     service cost (including current service cost, past service cost, as well as gains and losses on curtailments
           and settlements);

     •     net interest expenses or income; and

     •     remeasurement.

     The Group presents all components of defined benefit costs in profit or loss in the line item cost of sales,
     distribution costs and administrative expenses. Curtailment gains and losses are accounted for as past service
     costs.

     The retirement benefit obligation recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position represents the
     actual deficit or surplus in the Group’s defined benefit plans. Any surplus resulting from this calculation is
     limited to the present value of any economic benefits available in the form of refunds from the plans or
     reductions in future contributions to the plans.

     A liability for a termination benefit is recognised at the earlier of when the Group entity can no longer withdraw
     the offer of the termination benefit and when the entity recognises any related restructuring costs.

     Discretionary contributions made by employees or third parties reduce service cost upon payment of these
     contributions to the plan.

     When the formal terms of the plans specify that there will be contributions from employees or third parties, the
     accounting depends on whether the contributions are linked to service, as follows:

     •     If the contributions are not linked to services (for example contributions are required to reduce a deficit
           arising from losses on plan assets or from actuarial losses), they are reflected in the remeasurement of the
           net defined benefit liability or asset.

     •     If contributions are linked to services, they reduce service costs. For the amount of contribution that is
           dependent on the number of years of service, the entity reduces service cost by attributing the
           contributions to periods of service using the attribution method required by HKAS 19 paragraph 70 for
           the gross benefits. For the amount of contribution that is independent of the number of years of service,
           the entity reduces service cost in the period in which the related service is rendered/reduces service cost
           by attributing contributions to the employees’ periods of service in accordance with HKAS 19 paragraph
           70.


118 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Employee benefit (Continued)
   Short-term and other long-term employee benefits
   Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid
   as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense
   unless another HKFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.


   A liability is recognised for benefit accruing to employees in respect of wages and salaries, annual leave and
   sick leave in the period the related service is rendered at the undiscounted amount of benefits expected to be
   paid in exchange for that service.


   Liabilities recognised in respect of short-term employee benefits are measured at the undiscounted amount of
   the benefits expected to be paid in exchange for the related service.


   Liabilities recognised in respect of other long-term employee benefits are measured at the present value if the
   estimated future cash outflows expected to be made by the Group in respect of services provided by
   employees up to the reporting date.


   Financial instruments
   Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual
   provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and
   derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets
   that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market
   place.


   Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising
   from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with HKFRS 15. Transaction costs that
   are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial
   assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial
   assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the
   acquisition of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss.


   The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial
   liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest
   rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points
   paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums
   or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a
   shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.


   Interest and dividend income which are derived from the financial assets and shareholders’ rights are presented
   as other revenue and income.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020      119
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Financial instruments (Continued)
     Financial assets
     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
     Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:


     •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and


     •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
           interest on the principal amount outstanding.


     Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other
     comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”):


     •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and
           collecting contractual cash flows; and


     •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
           interest on the principal amount outstanding.


     All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at the date of initial recognition of a
     financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity
     investment in other comprehensive income if that equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent
     consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which HKFRS 3 Business Combinations
     applies.


     A financial asset is held for trading if:


     •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or


     •     on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
           together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or


     •     it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.


     In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at the
     amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting
     mismatch.




120 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Financial instruments (Continued)
   Financial assets (Continued)
   Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)
   Amortised cost and interest income
   Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently at
   amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying
   amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see
   below). For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by
   applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If
   the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer
   credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying
   amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the
   asset is no longer credit impaired.


   Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI
   Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains and losses
   arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the FVTOCI
   reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to
   profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to retained profits.


   Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s right
   to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of
   the investment. Dividends are included in the “other revenue and income” line item in profit or loss, if any.


   Financial assets at FVTPL
   Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or designated as
   FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.


   Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair value
   gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss excludes any
   dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is included in the “fair value change on financial assets at
   fair value through profit or loss” line item.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020    121
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Financial instruments (Continued)
     Financial assets (Continued)
     Impairment of financial assets
     The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit loss (“ECL”) on financial assets which are subject to
     impairment under HKFRS 9 (including trade and other receivables, loan receivables, pledged bank deposits,
     amounts due from related companies and cash and cash equivalents). The amount of ECL is updated at each
     reporting period to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.


     Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the
     relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is
     expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting period.
     Assessment are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are
     specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the
     reporting period as well as the forecast of future conditions.


     For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when there has
     been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The
     assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or
     risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

     Significant increase in credit risk
     In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the
     risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting period with the risk of a default
     occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group
     considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical
     experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.


     In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased
     significantly:


     •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or internal
           credit rating;


     •     significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in the credit
           spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;


     •     existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to
           cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;


     •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;


     •     an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
           environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt
           obligations.

122 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Financial instruments (Continued)
   Financial assets (Continued)
   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
   Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)
   Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has increased
   significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the
   Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.


   The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a
   significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of
   identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.


   Definition of default
   For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information
   developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors,
   including the Group, in full.


   Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than 90
   days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more
   lagging default criterion is more appropriate.


   Credit-impaired financial assets
   A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events of default that have a detrimental impact on the
   estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-
   impaired includes observable data about the following events:


   (a)    significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;


   (b)    a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;


   (c)    the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial
          difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider;


   (d)    it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or


   (e)    the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020    123
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Financial instruments (Continued)
     Financial assets (Continued)
     Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
     Write-off policy
     The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe
     financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the counterparty has been
     placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of trade receivables, when
     the amounts are over 1 year past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written off may still be subject
     to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where
     appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit
     or loss.


     Measurement and recognition of ECL
     The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of the
     loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss
     given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an
     unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as
     the weights.


     Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance
     with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate
     determined at initial recognition. For a lease receivable, the cash flows used for determining the ECL is
     consistent with the cash flows used in measuring the lease receivable in accordance with HKFRS 16.


     Where ECL is measured on a collective basis or cater for cases where evidence at the individual instrument
     level may not yet be available, the financial instruments are grouped on the following basis:


     •     Nature of financial instruments (i.e. the Group’s trade and other receivables are each assessed as a
           separate group. Loans to related parties are assessed for expected credit losses on an individual basis);


     •     Past-due status;


     •     Nature, size and industry of debtors; and


     •     External credit ratings where available.


     The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue to share
     similar credit risk characteristics.




124 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Financial instruments (Continued)
   Financial assets (Continued)
   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
   Measurement and recognition of ECL (Continued)
   Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset
   is credit impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of the financial asset.


   The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting their
   carrying amount, with the exception of trade and other receivables, loan receivables and amounts due from
   related companies where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.


   Financial liabilities and equity instruments
   Classification as financial liabilities or equity
   Financial liabilities and equity instruments issued by a group entity are classified as either financial liabilities or
   as equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial
   liability and an equity instrument.


   Equity instruments
   An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting
   all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of
   direct issue costs.


   Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity. No gain or
   loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own equity
   instruments.


   Financial liabilities
   All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.


   Financial liabilities at amortised cost
   Financial liabilities (including bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities, trade payables, accruals and other
   payables, amounts due to related companies and amount due to the immediate holding company) are
   subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020     125
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Financial instruments (Continued)
     Derivative financial instruments
     Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date when derivative contracts are entered into and are
     subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of the reporting period. The resulting gain or loss is
     recognised in profit or loss.


     Derecognition
     The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset
     expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the
     asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of
     ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the asset
     and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks and
     rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and
     also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.


     On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying
     amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.


     On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition to
     measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve is not
     reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to retained earnings.


     The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
     cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised
     and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in the profit or loss.




126 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Related parties
   (a)    A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:


          (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;


          (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or


          (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.


   (b)    An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:


          (i)     the entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary
                  and fellow subsidiary is related to the others);


          (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a
                  member of a group of which the other entity is a member);


          (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;


          (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;


          (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an
                  entity related to the Group;


          (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);


          (vii) a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                  management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); or


          (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                  services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.


   Close family members of an individual are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be
   influence by, that person in their dealings with the entity and include:


   (a)    that person’s children and spouse or domestic partner;


   (b)    children of that person’s spouse or domestic partner; and


   (c)    dependants of the person or that person’s spouse or domestic partner.


   A transaction is considered to be a related party transaction when there is a transfer of resources and
   obligations between related parties.


                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020    127
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Segment reporting
     Operating segments and the amounts of each segment item reported in the consolidated financial statements
     are identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s top management for the
     purposes of allocating resources to and assessing the performance of the Group’s various lines of business.


     Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the
     segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of business activities.


     Segment revenue, expenses, results and assets include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those
     that can be allocated on a reasonable basis to that segment, but exclude exceptional items. Segment capital
     expenditure is the total cost incurred during the year to acquire segment assets (both tangible and intangible)
     that are expected to be used for more than one year. Corporate portions of expenses and assets mainly
     comprise corporate administrative and financing expenses and corporate financial assets respectively.


4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
   UNCERTAINTY
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the directors of the
     Company are required to make judgments, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets
     and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions are
     based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ
     from these estimates.


     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
     estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or
     in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.


     Critical judgements in applying accounting policies
     The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that management
     has made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have the most significant effect
     on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statement.


     Valuation of inventories
     Valuation of inventories is stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value at the end of the reporting
     period. Net realisable value is determined on the basis of the estimated selling price less the estimated costs
     necessary to make the sale. The directors estimate the net realisable value for raw materials and finished goods
     based primarily on the latest invoice prices and current market conditions. In addition, the directors perform an
     inventory review on a product by product basis at the end of each reporting period and assess the need for
     write down of inventories.




128 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2020




4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
   UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
   Key sources of estimation uncertainty
   The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at
   the end of the reporting period that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
   amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.


   Valuation of investment properties
   Investment properties are included in the statement of financial position at their fair value, which is assessed
   annually by independent qualified valuers, after taking into consideration all readily available information and
   current market environment.


   The methodology and assumptions adopted in the property valuations are mentioned in note 18.


   Impairment of goodwill
   Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the value in use of the cash-generating
   units to which goodwill has been allocated. The value in use calculation for requires the Group to estimate the
   future cash flows expected to arise from the cash-generating unit and a suitable discount rate in order to
   calculate the present value.


   The carrying amount of goodwill as at 31 December 2020 was approximately HK$505,574,000 (2019:
   HK$480,321,000). Details of the recoverable amount calculation are disclosed in note 21.


   Impairment of intangible assets
   The Group performs annual tests on whether there has impairment of intangible assets in accordance with the
   accounting policy. The recoverable amounts are determined based on value in use calculations. These
   calculations require the use of estimates and assumptions made by management on the future operation of the
   business, post-tax discount rates, and other assumptions underlying the calculation.


   The carrying amount of intangible assets as at 31 December 2020 was approximately HK$881,843,000 (2019:
   HK$794,723,000). Detailed information is disclosed in note 23.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020   129
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
   UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
     Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
     Provision of ECL for trade and other receivables, loan receivables and amounts due from
     related companies
     The Group uses three-stage model to calculate ECL for the trade and other receivables, loan receivables and
     amounts due from related companies. The provision rates are based on internal credit ratings as groupings of
     various debtors that have similar loss patterns. The three-stage model is based on the Group’s historical default
     rates taking into consideration forward-looking information that is reasonable and supportable available
     without undue costs or effort. At every reporting date, the historical observed default rates are reassessed and
     changes in the forward-looking information are considered. In addition, trade and other receivables, loan
     receivables and amounts due from related companies with significant balances and credit impaired are
     assessed for ECL individually.


     The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. The information about the ECL and the Group’s trade
     and other receivables, loan receivables and amounts due from related companies are disclosed in notes 5(b)(iv),
     19, 28 and 34.


     Income tax and deferred tax
     The Group is subject to income taxes in several jurisdictions. There are certain transactions and calculations for
     which the ultimate tax determination may be uncertain. The Group recognises liabilities for anticipated tax
     issues based on estimates of whether additional taxes will be due. Where the final tax outcome of these matters
     is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the current and deferred
     tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made.


     Estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
     assets
     The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation/amortisation charges
     for its property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets. This estimate is based on the
     historical experience of the actual useful lives of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and
     intangible assets of similar nature and functions. It could change significantly as a result of technical innovations
     and competitor actions in response to market conditions. Management will increase the depreciation/
     amortisation charge where useful lives are less than previously estimated lives, or it will write-off or write-down
     technically obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been abandoned or sold.


     The patents, trademarks and capitalised development costs are considered by the management of the Group
     as having an indefinite useful life because it is expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely.


     The intangible asset will not be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite. Instead it will be tested
     for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that it may be impaired.


     During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group did not change the estimated useful lives of property,
     plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets.


130 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
   UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
   Key source of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
   Fair value measurements and valuation processes
   Some of the Group’s assets and liabilities are measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes.


   In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it is
   available. Where Level 1 inputs are not available, the Group engages third party qualified valuers to perform
   the valuation. The valuation committee works closely with the qualified external valuers to establish the
   appropriate valuation techniques and inputs to the model.


   The Group uses valuation techniques that include inputs that are not based on observable market data to
   estimate the fair value of assets and liabilities. Notes 5(b)(vi), 18, 26 and 30 provide detailed information about
   the valuation techniques, inputs and key assumptions used in the determination of the fair value of various
   assets and liabilities.


   Impairment test for interests in associates
   The Group completed its annual impairment test for interests in associates by comparing the recoverable
   amount of interests in associates to its carrying amount as at 31 December 2020. The Group has engaged the
   Valuer to carry out a valuation of the interests in associates as at 31 December 2020 based on the value in use
   calculations. This valuation uses cash flow projections based on the financial estimates covering a five-year
   period, and discount rates ranged from 12.25% to 19.41%. The cash flows beyond the five-year period and ten-
   year period are extrapolated using a steady 2.2% to 3.0% growth rate for the pharmaceutical industries in which
   are operated by associates.


   Determining the lease term
   The lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the lease payments payable over the lease term.
   In determining the lease term at the commencement date for leases that include renewal options exercisable
   by the Group, the Group evaluates the likelihood of exercising the renewal options taking into account all
   relevant facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive for the Group to exercise the option,
   including favourable terms, leasehold improvements undertaken and the importance of that underlying assets
   to the Group’s operation. The lease term is reassessed when there is a significant event or significant change in
   circumstance that is within the Group’s control. Any increase or decrease in the lease term would affect the
   amount of lease liabilities and right-of-use assets recognised in future years.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020     131
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
     (a) Categories of financial instruments


                                                                                             2020              2019
                                                                                         HK$’000            HK$’000


           Financial assets
           Equity Instruments at FVTOCI                                                   171,164             95,025
           Financial assets at FVTPL                                                      520,767             71,891
           Financial asset at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents)
             — Trade and other receivables                                              1,587,669          1,465,992
             — Loan receivables                                                           159,635                  –
             — Amounts due from related companies                                          35,436             50,697
             — Pledged bank deposits                                                       30,910           121,285
             — Cash and cash equivalents                                                1,836,695          1,059,269
                                                                                        4,342,276          2,864,159
           Financial liabilities
           At amortised costs
             — Trade and other payables                                                 1,984,356          1,965,600
             — Bank and other borrowings                                                2,367,016          2,030,297
             — Lease liabilities                                                           21,362             34,549
             — Amounts due to related companies                                            57,575             33,155
             — Amount due to the immediate holding company                                   2,331             3,402
                                                                                        4,432,640          4,067,003


     (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies
           The Group’s major financial instruments include equity instruments at FVTOCI, financial asset at FVTPL,
           trade and other receivables, loan receivables, amounts due from related companies, pledged bank
           deposits, cash and cash equivalents, trade and other payables, bank and other borrowings, lease
           liabilities, amounts due to related companies and amount due to the immediate holding company. Details
           of these financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes. The risks associated with these financial
           instruments and the policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management manages
           and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective
           manner.




132 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2020




5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
       i.   Currency risk
            The Group’s presentation currency is HK$, however, the Group major subsidiaries’ functional
            currency are RMB in which most of the transactions are denominated. The functional currency is also
            used to settle expenses for the PRC operations. Certain trade and other receivables, cash and cash
            equivalents, trade and other payables, bank and other borrowings are denominated in foreign
            currencies of United State dollars (“USD”). Such USD denominated financial assets and liabilities are
            exposed to fluctuations in the value of RMB against USD.


            The Group currently does not have any USD hedging policy but the management monitors USD
            exchange exposure and will consider hedging significant USD exposure should the need arise.


            Sensitivity analysis
            The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a reasonably possible change of 10% (2019:
            10%) in exchange rate of USD against RMB while all other variables are held constant. 10% (2019:
            10%) is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to key management
            personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in foreign
            exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated
            monetary items and adjusts their translation at the end of each reporting period for a 10% (2019:
            10%) change in foreign currency rates.


                                                                                        2020              2019
                                                                                     HK$’000           HK$’000


            Increase/(decrease) in profit for the year
              — if USD weakens against of RMB                                         (17,317)          (15,237)
              — if USD strengthens against of RMB                                     17,317             15,237


            A change of 10% (2019: 10%) in exchange rate of USD against RMB does not affect other
            components of equity except the translation reserve.


            The carrying amounts of the foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities
            at the reporting date are as follows:


                                                                                        2020              2019
                                                                                     HK$’000           HK$’000


            USD
              — Trade and other receivables                                          148,268           132,765
              — Loan receivables                                                     160,462                  –
              — Cash and cash equivalents                                             38,547             36,801
              — Trade and other payables                                                 (293)          (17,113)

                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2020    133
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           ii.    Interest rate risk
                  The Group is primarily exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank
                  balances at prevailing market rates and variable-rate borrowings (see note 32). The Group has not
                  used any derivative contracts to hedge its exposure to interest rate risk. The Group has not
                  formulated a policy to manage the interest rate risk.


                  Sensitivity analysis
                  The sensitivity analysis below is prepared assuming the financial instruments outstanding at the end
                  of the reporting period were outstanding for the whole year. A 100 basis point (2019: 100 basis
                  points) increase or decrease is used when reporting interest rate risk internally to key management
                  personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest
                  rates.


                  If the interest rates had been increased/decreased by 100 basis points (2019: 100 basic points) at the
                  beginning of the year and all other variables were held constant, the Group’s profit after tax and
                  retained profits would increase/decrease by approximately HK$1,265,000 (2019: increase/decrease
                  by approximately HK$1,752,000). The assumed changes have no impact on the Group’s other
                  components of equity. This is mainly attributable to the Group’s exposure with respect to interest
                  rate on its variable-interest rate bank deposits and bank and other borrowings.


           iii.   Liquidity risk
                  In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash
                  equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate
                  the effects of fluctuations in cash flows. The management monitors the utilisation of bank and other
                  borrowings and ensures compliance with loan covenants.


                  The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial
                  liabilities based on the agreed repayment terms. The table has been drawn up based on the
                  undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be
                  required to pay.


                  The maturity analysis for financial liabilities is prepared based on the scheduled repayment dates.
                  The table includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows are
                  floating rate, the undiscounted amount is derived from interest rate curve at the end of the reporting
                  period.




134 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2020




5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
       iii.   Liquidity risk (Continued)
              As at 31 December 2020


                                                 Weighted         Total                 More than    More than
                                                  average contractual          Within one year but two years but
                                                  interest undiscounted   one year or    less than     less than   More than      Carrying
                                                      rate    cash flow   on demand     two years     five years   five years      amount
                                                        %      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000


              Trade and other payables                  –    1,984,356     1,984,356            –             –             –    1,984,356
              Bank and other borrowings              3.47    2,513,455     1,623,792      269,554       620,109             –    2,367,016
              Lease liabilities                      7.68       26,653         7,589        5,966         7,755         5,343       21,362
              Amounts due to related companies          –       57,575        57,575            –             –             –       57,575
              Amount due to the immediate
                holding company                         –        2,331         2,331             –            –             –       2,331
                                                             4,584,370     3,675,643      275,520       627,864         5,343    4,432,640


              As at 31 December 2019

                                                 Weighted         Total                More than    More than
                                                  average contractual         Within one year but two years but
                                                  interest undiscounted   one year or   less than     less than    More than      Carrying
                                                      rate    cash flow   on demand    two years     five years     five years     amount
                                                        %      HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000


              Trade and other payables                  –     1,965,600    1,965,600             –            –             –    1,965,600
              Bank and other borrowings              4.73     2,120,954    1,002,917       866,953      251,084             –    2,030,297
              Lease liabilities                     12.06        40,514       24,833         4,181        5,330         6,170       34,549
              Amounts due to related companies          –        33,155       33,155             –            –             –       33,155
              Amount due to the immediate
                holding company                         –         3,402        3,402            –             –             –        3,402
                                                              4,163,625    3,029,907       871,134      256,414         6,170    4,067,003


              The amounts included above for variable interest rate instruments for non-derivative financial
              liabilities are subject to change if changes in variable interest rates differ to those estimates of
              interest rates determined at the end of the reporting period.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020          135
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           iv.   Credit risk
                 The credit risk of the Group mainly arises from bank balances and deposits, trade and other
                 receivable, loan receivables, amount due from associates and amounts due from related companies.
                 The carrying amounts of these balances represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in
                 relation to financial assets.

                 In respect of cash deposited at banks, the credit risk is considered to be low as the counterparties
                 are reputable banks. The existing counterparties do not have defaults in the past. Therefore, ECL
                 rate of cash at bank is assessed to be close to zero and no provision was made as of 31 December
                 2020 and 2019.

                 The credit risk for amount due from associates are considered to be low, therefore no ECL provision
                 was made during the year ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.

                 ECLs are recognised in three stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant
                 increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from
                 default events that are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit
                 exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss
                 allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective
                 of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

                 At the end of each reporting period, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial
                 instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the
                 Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date
                 with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and
                 considers reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort,
                 including historical and forward-looking information.

                 As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, trade receivables that are individually significant have been
                 separately assessed for impairment. The Group makes periodic assessments on the recoverability of
                 the receivables based on the background and reputation of the customers, historical settlement
                 records and past experience.

                 Majority of the Group’s revenue is received from individual customers in relation to sales of
                 pharmaceutical products and are transacted on credit. The Group’s trade receivables arise from
                 sales of pharmaceutical products to the customers. As at the end of the year, the top three debtors
                 and the largest debtor accounted for approximately 5.87% and 1.99% (2019: 8.76% and 3.76%), of
                 the Group’s trade receivables balance. In view of the history of business dealings with the debtors
                 and the sound collection history of the receivables due from them, management believes that there
                 is no material credit risk inherent in the Group’s outstanding receivable balance due from these
                 debtors saved for the debtor related to the impaired trade receivable disclosed in the below.
                 Management makes periodic assessment on the recoverability of the trade and other receivables
                 based on historical payment records, the length of overdue period, the financial strength of the
                 debtors and whether there are any disputes with the debtors.




136 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2020




5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
       iv.   Credit risk (Continued)
             Individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain amount.
             These evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making payments when due and current
             ability to pay, and take into account information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to the
             economic environment in which the customer operates. Trade receivables are due within 30 to 180
             days from the date of billing. Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral from customers.

             The Group measures loss allowances for trade and other receivables, loan receivables and amount
             due from related companies at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs and lifetime ECLs, which are
             calculated using three-stage model. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not
             indicate significantly different loss patterns for different customer segments, the loss allowance
             based on past due status is not further distinguished between the Group’s different customer bases.

             (1)   Provision of ECL on trade and other receivables
                   The tables below show credit quality and maximum exposure to credit risk based on the
                   Group’s credit policy, which are mainly based on past due information available without undue
                   cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December
                   2019.

                                                     12-months      Lifetime     Lifetime
                                                   ECLs Stage 1 ECLs Stage 2 ECLs Stage 3                  Total
                   As at 31 December 2020              HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000                 HK$’000


                   Trade receivables and
                     other receivables
                     — Industry average                    9,044               –               –           9,044
                     — CCC- to CC                              –           4,100               –           4,100
                     —D                                        –               –         137,736         137,736
                                                           9,044           4,100         137,736         150,880


                                                      12-months         Lifetime        Lifetime
                                                    ECLs Stage 1    ECLs Stage 2    ECLs Stage 3            Total
                   As at 31 December 2019               HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000


                   Trade receivables and
                     other receivables
                     — Industry average                    20,799               –               –          20,799
                     — CCC- to CC                               –           8,264               –           8,264
                     —D                                         –               –         103,833         103,833
                                                           20,799           8,264         103,833         132,896


                   The credit rating of industry average represented the debtors that have not incurred due
                   payments. If the invoice dates of the outstanding debt were from 3 months to 1 year, the credit
                   rating will be represented from CCC- to CC. In case the debts have been outstanding over 1
                   year, the credit rating will be marked as D.


                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020    137
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           iv.   Credit risk (Continued)
                 (1)   Provision of ECL on trade and other receivables (Continued)
                       The provision of trade receivables as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 were as follows:


                                                                                                             HK$’000


                       As at 1 January 2019                                                                   60,804


                       Provision for the year                                                                 41,122
                       Exchange realignment                                                                    (1,732)
                       As at 31 December 2019 and 1 January 2020                                             100,194


                       Provision for the year                                                                  1,408
                       Exchange realignment                                                                    6,025
                       As at 31 December 2020                                                                107,627


                       The provision of ECL on other receivables as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 were as follows:


                                                                                                             HK$’000


                       As at 1 January 2019                                                                   19,891


                       Provision for the year                                                                 13,023
                       Exchange realignment                                                                     (212)
                       As at 31 December 2019 and 1 January 2020                                              32,702


                       Provision for the year                                                                  8,480
                       Exchange realignment                                                                    2,071
                       As at 31 December 2020                                                                 43,253




138 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2020




5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
       iv.   Credit risk (Continued)
             (2)   Provision of ECL on due from related companies
                   The table below show credit quality and maximum exposure to credit risk of amounts due from
                   related companies based on the Group’s credit policy, which are mainly based on past due
                   information available without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at 31
                   December 2020 and 2019.


                                                     12-months      Lifetime     Lifetime
                                                   ECLs Stage 1 ECLs Stage 2 ECLs Stage 3                 Total
                   As at 31 December 2020              HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000                HK$’000


                   Amounts due from related
                    companies
                    — Industry average                     1,981                –              –           1,981
                    — CCC- to CC                               –                5              –               5
                    —D                                         –                –          9,336           9,336
                                                           1,981                5          9,336          11,322


                                                      12-months         Lifetime        Lifetime
                                                    ECLs Stage 1    ECLs Stage 2    ECLs Stage 3           Total
                   As at 31 December 2019               HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000


                   Amounts due from related
                    companies
                    — Industry average                        387               –               –             387
                    — CCC- to CC                                –              59               –              59
                    —D                                          –               –           3,183           3,183
                                                              387              59           3,183           3,629


                   The provision of ECL on due from related companies as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 was as
                   follows:

                                                                                                         HK$’000


                   As at 1 January 2019                                                                         –

                   Provision for the year                                                                   3,680
                   Exchange realignment                                                                       (51)
                   As at 31 December 2019 and 1 January 2020                                                3,629

                   Provision for the year                                                                   7,090
                   Exchange realignment                                                                       603
                   As at 31 December 2020                                                                 11,322

                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020    139
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           iv.   Credit risk (Continued)
                 (3)   Provision of ECL on loan receivables
                       The table below show credit quality and maximum exposure to credit risk of loan receivables
                       based on the Group’s credit policy, which are mainly based on past due information available
                       without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at 31 December 2020.


                                                             12-months      Lifetime     Lifetime
                                                           ECLs Stage 1 ECLs Stage 2 ECLs Stage 3            Total
                       As at 31 December 2020                  HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000           HK$’000


                       Amounts due from related
                        companies
                        — Industry average                          827              –              –              827
                        — CCC- to CC                                  –              –              –                –
                        —D                                            –              –              –                –
                                                                    827              –              –              827


                       The provision of ECL on loan receivables as at 31 December 2020 was as follows:

                                                                                                            HK$’000


                       As at 1 January 2020                                                                          –

                       Provision for the year                                                                      827
                       Exchange realignment                                                                          –
                       As at 31 December 2020                                                                      827


           v.    Equity price risk
                 The Group is exposed to equity price risk through its investment in equity securities measured at
                 FVTPL and FVTOCI. For equity securities measured at FVTPL quoted in relative active markets, the
                 management of the Group manages this exposure by maintaining a portfolio of investments with
                 different risks. In addition, the Group also invested in certain unquoted equity securities for
                 investees operating in pharmaceutical industry sector for long term strategic purposes which had
                 been designated as FVTOCI.


                 The sensitivity analysis have been determined based on the exposure to equity price risk at the
                 reporting date. Sensitivity analysis for unquote equity securities with fair value measurement
                 categorized within Level 3 were disclosed in note 5(b)(vi).




140 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020




5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
       v.    Equity price risk (Continued)
             If the prices of the respective equity instruments listed in Hong Kong had been 5% (2019: 5%)
             higher/lower, the post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2020 would increase/decrease by
             approximately HK$1,750,000 (2019: would increase/decrease by approximately HK$1,917,000) as a
             result of the changes in fair value of listed equity security in Hong Kong.

             If the prices of the respective equity instruments listed outside Hong Kong had been 5% higher/
             lower, the post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2020 would increase/decrease by
             approximately HK$23,103,000 as a result of the changes in fair value of listed equity security outside
             Hong Kong.

       vi.   Fair value
             The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities are determined as follows:

             —    the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities with standard terms and conditions and
                  traded in active liquid markets are determined with reference to quoted market bid prices and
                  ask prices respectively; and

             —    the fair value of other financial assets and financial liabilities (excluding derivative instruments)
                  is determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on discounted cash
                  flow analysis.

             The directors consider the fair values of trade and other receivables, loan receivables, pledged bank
             deposits, cash and cash equivalents, trade and other payables, bank and other borrowings reported
             in the consolidated statement of financial position approximate their carrying amounts due to their
             immediate or short-term maturities.

             The directors consider the fair value of amount due to the immediate holding company approximate
             to its carrying amount as the impact of discounting is not significant.

             The following table provides an analysis of financial instruments that are measured subsequent to
             initial recognition at fair value, grouped into Level 1 to 3 based on the degree to which the fair value
             is observable.

             —    Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active
                  market for identical assets or liabilities.

             —    Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices
                  included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as
                  prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).

             —    Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include
                  inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable
                  inputs).



                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020    141
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           vi.   Fair value (Continued)
                 Fair value hierarchy


                                                                                  2020
                                                                  Level 1    Level 2       Level 3      Total
                                                                 HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000


                 Financial assets at FVTPL (note 26)             520,767          –             –    520,767


                                                                                   2019
                                                                  Level 1    Level 2       Level 3      Total
                                                                 HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000


                  Financial assets at FVTPL (note 26)              71,891         –             –      71,891


                                                                                  2020
                                                                  Level 1    Level 2       Level 3      Total
                                                                 HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000


                 Equity instruments at FVTOCI
                   (note 30) (note (a))                                –          –       171,164    171,164


                                                                                   2019
                                                                  Level 1    Level 2       Level 3      Total
                                                                 HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000


                 Equity instruments at FVTOCI
                   (note 30) (note (a))                                –          –         95,025     95,025




142 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020




5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
       vi.   Fair value (Continued)
             Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
             Note:

             (a)     As at 31 December 2020, the fair value of equity instruments of approximately HK$171,164,000 (2019:
                     HK$95,025,000) were valued by an independent valuer. The calculation was based on investment costs and
                     including some unobservable inputs.

                     Below is a summary of the valuation technique used and the key inputs to the valuation of equity instruments:

                                                                                Significant
                                                        Valuation technique     unobservable inputs                 2020              2019


                     9.6% of Ningbo Donghai Bank        Market approach         Adjusted Profit-To-Book              1.00              1.42
                       of Shares                                                  ratio (note i)
                                                                                Liquidity discount rate            15.8%             25.6%
                                                                                  (note ii)


                     7.4% of eTheRNA                    Discounted cash flow    Terminal growth rate               1.60%                  –
                       Immunotherapies NV of              method                Discount rate (note iii)          18.10%                  –
                       Preferred Series B Shares


                     13.3% of Cloudbreak                Discounted cash flow    Terminal growth rate                0.0%                  –
                       Pharmaceutical Inc. of             method                Discount rate (note iii)          17.19%                  –
                       Series B Preferred Shares


                     Notes:

                     (i)     A slight increase in the adjusted profit-to-book ratio used in isolation would result in a significant increase
                             in the fair value measurement of the Ningbo Donghai Bank of Shares, and vice versa. As a result of the
                             volatile financial market in 2020, the management adjusted the adjusted profit-to-book ratio from 1.42 to
                             1.00. A 5% (2019: 5%) increase/decrease in the adjusted profit-to-book ratio holding all other variables
                             constant would increase/decrease the carrying amount of the Ningbo Donghai Bank of Shares by
                             HK$46,588,000 (2019: HK$48,181,000).

                     (ii)    A slight increase in the liquidity discount rate used in isolation would result in a slight decrease in the fair
                             value measurement of Ningbo Donghai Bank of Shares, and vice versa. A 5% (2019: 5%) increase/decrease
                             in the liquidity discount rate holding all other variables constant would decrease/increase the carrying
                             amount of the Ningbo Donghai Bank of Shares by HK$3,696,000 (2019: HK$16,470,000).

                     (iii)   A slight increase in the discount rate used in isolation would result in a slight decrease in the fair value
                             measurement of the eTheRNA Immunotherapies NV of Preferred Series B Shares and Cloudbreak
                             Pharmaceutical Inc. of Series B Preferred Shares respectively, and vice versa. A 5% increase/decrease in the
                             discount rate holding all other variables constant would decrease/increase the carrying amount of the
                             eTheRNA Immunotherapies NV of Preferred Series B Shares and Cloudbreak Pharmaceutical Inc. of Series
                             B Preferred Shares by HK$5,729,000 and HK$3,363,000 respectively.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020         143
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
             vi.   Fair value (Continued)
                   Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets


                                                                                               2020              2019
                                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000


                   As at 1 January                                                           95,025             96,526
                   Purchase during the year                                                  86,110                  –
                   Fair value (loss)/gain in other comprehensive income                      (15,602)              176
                   Exchange alignment                                                          5,631            (1,677)
                   As at 31 December                                                        171,164             95,025


                   Included in other comprehensive income is a fair value loss in an amount of approximately
                   HK$15,602,000 (2019: fair value gain approximately HK$176,000) relating to unlisted equity securities
                   classified as equity instruments at FVTOCI held at the end of the current reporting period and is
                   reported as changes of “FVTOCI reserve”.


6. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
     The Group reviews its capital structure to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going
     concern while maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance.
     The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.


     The capital structure of the Group consists of debt, which includes bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities,
     amounts due to related companies and amount due to the immediate holding company, cash and cash
     equivalents and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising issued share capital, share premium,
     reserves and retained profits.


     The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.


     Gearing ratio
     The directors of the Company review the capital structure regularly. As part of this review, the directors of the
     Company consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on
     recommendations of the directors, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through payment of
     dividends, new share issues and share buy-backs as well as the issue of new debt or the redemption of existing
     debt.




144 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2020




6. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
   Gearing ratio (Continued)
   The gearing ratio at the end of the reporting period was as follows:


                                                                                                     2020               2019
                                                                                                  HK$’000            HK$’000


   Debts (note (a))                                                                             2,448,284           2,101,403
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                   (1,867,605)         (1,180,554)
   Net debt                                                                                       580,679            920,849
   Equity (note (b))                                                                           11,239,504          8,375,267
   Net debt to equity ratio                                                                           5%                11%

   Notes:

   (a)    Debts comprises bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities, amounts due to related companies and amount due to the
          immediate holding company respectively.

   (b)    Equity includes all capital and reserves attributable to owners of the Company.


7. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
   For the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Group is principally engaged in manufacture and sales of
   pharmaceutical preparations and medical devices, bio-technology products, nutrition products, specialised
   pharmaceutical raw materials and other products. The board of directors, being the chief operating decision
   maker of the Group, reviews the operating results of the Group as a whole to make decisions about resource
   allocation. The operation of the Group constitutes one single reportable segment under HKFRS 8 and
   accordingly, no separate segment information is prepared.


   The Group’s revenue represents the invoiced value of goods sold, net of discounts and sales related taxes.


   Geographical information
   The Group’s operations are mainly located in the PRC (country of domicile) and it also derives revenue from
   America, Europe and Asia.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020     145
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




7. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     Geographical information (Continued)
     Information about the Group’s revenue from external customers is presented based on geographical location
     of the customers and information about the Group’s non-current assets is presented based on geographical
     location of the assets are detailed below:

                                                                   Revenue from external
                                                                        customers                       Non-current assets
                                                                       2020               2019            2020              2019
                                                                    HK$’000            HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000

     The PRC                                                       4,842,323         5,430,277       7,567,295          7,056,007
     America                                                         471,258           480,998               –                  –
     Europe                                                          356,331           261,209               –                  –
     Asia other than the PRC                                         530,094           315,623          21,739                490
     Others                                                          152,913           102,528               –                  –
     Total                                                         6,352,919         6,590,635       7,589,034          7,056,497

     Note: Non-current assets excluded equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, deferred tax assets and a
           part of interests in associates.

     Information about major customers
     For the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, none of the Group’s sales to a single customer amounted to
     10% or more of the Group’s total revenue.

     Revenue
     Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                                        2020                2019
                                                                                                     HK$’000             HK$’000


     Type of goods and services
     Manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical preparations and medical devices                      4,081,751            4,268,653
     Sales of bio-technology products and nutrition products                                       1,503,082            1,556,922
     Sales of specialised pharmaceutical raw materials and other products                            768,086              765,060
     Total revenue recognised at point in time                                                     6,352,919            6,590,635

                                                                                                        2020                2019
                                                                                                     HK$’000             HK$’000


     Revenue disclosed in segment information
     External customers                                                                            6,352,919            6,590,635

     Timing of revenue recognition
     At a point in time                                                                            6,352,919            6,590,635

     All of the Group’s revenue are recognised at point in time when carrier designated by the customer, or after
     the customer’s acceptance or after control transfer to customer. All revenue are generated in the PRC based on
     where goods are sold. All revenue contracts are for period of one year or less, as permitted by practical
     expedient under HKFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contacts is not disclosed.



146 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2020




8. OTHER REVENUE AND INCOME
                                                                                                     2020                2019
                                                                                                 HK$’000             HK$’000


   Government grants                                                                             258,248             199,325
   Interest income                                                                                 18,046              11,152
   Sales of raw materials, scrap and other materials, net                                          20,531               7,839
   Gain on sales and lease back transaction, net                                                    8,576              28,378
   Rental income                                                                                      736                 504
   Net gain in fair value of investment properties                                                 45,648               6,974
   Compensation income                                                                             17,273               5,653
   Sundry incomes                                                                                  14,494               3,830
                                                                                                 383,552             263,655


   *      The total amount in 2020 consist of government grant that have conditions amounted approximately HK$163,504,000 (2019:
          HK$142,001,000) and government grant which have no condition amounted approximately HK$94,744,000 (2019:
          HK$57,324,000) respectively.


9. FAIR VALUE CHANGE ON FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH
   PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                                     2020                2019
                                                                                                 HK$’000             HK$’000


   Listed equity security in HK                                                                    (3,333)            (11,666)
   Listed equity security outside HK                                                             268,305                     –
   Investment income at fair value                                                                  6,437               1,099
                                                                                                 271,409              (10,567)


10. FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                                     2020                2019
                                                                                                 HK$’000             HK$’000


   Interest on bank and other borrowings:
       — wholly repayable within five years                                                      112,877             121,788
   Interest on bond payables                                                                              –             5,988
   Interest on convertible bonds                                                                          –            11,909
   Interest on amount due to the immediate holding company                                                –                21
   Interest on lease liabilities                                                                    2,544               6,796
                                                                                                 115,421             146,502




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020       147
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                                              2020            2019
                                                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000


     Current tax:
        The PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                    296,475            240,372
        Deferred tax (notes 24 and 37)                                                     (4,101)           (9,887)
                                                                                         292,374            230,485


     No provision for Hong Kong profits tax has been made in the consolidated financial statements as the
     Company did not have any assessable profits subject to Hong Kong profits tax at the rate of neither 8.25% nor
     16.5% (2019: neither 8.25% nor 16.5%). Provision on profits assessable elsewhere has been calculated at the rate
     of tax prevailing to the countries to which the Group operates, based on existing legislation, interpretations,
     and practices in respect thereof.


     Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of the EIT
     Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% from 1 January 2008 onwards.


     According to the relevant the PRC tax regulations, High-New Technology Enterprise (“HNTE”) operating within
     a High and New Technology Development Zone are entitled to a reduced Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”) rate of
     15%. Certain subsidiaries are recognised as HNTE and accordingly, are subject to EIT at 15%. The recognition
     as a HNTE is subject to review on every three years by the relevant government bodies.


     The charge for the year is reconciled to the profit per the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
     comprehensive income as follows:


                                                                                              2020            2019
                                                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000


     Profit before tax                                                                 2,073,583          1,355,973
     Tax at the domestic income tax rate of 25% (2019: 25%)                              518,396            338,993
     Tax effect of share of results of associates                                          (9,416)          (28,741)
     Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                                 23,835            30,379
     Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                                     (75,653)          (14,280)
     Tax effect of deductible temporary differences not recognised                             260            1,044
     Effect of tax exemptions granted to the PRC subsidiaries                             (17,481)          (20,993)
     Income tax on concessionary rate                                                   (172,364)          (102,617)
     Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                               24,797            26,700
     Tax charge for the year                                                             292,374            230,485


     The applicable tax rate of 25% (2019: 25%) is used as operations of the Group are substantially carried out by
     the subsidiaries in the PRC.


148 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2020




12. PROFIT FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                  2020              2019
                                                                              HK$’000            HK$’000


   Profit for the year is stated after charging/(crediting):
   Staff costs (excluding directors’ emoluments (note 15)) comprises:
     — Wages and salaries                                                     974,924            908,043
     — Retirement benefits schemes contributions (note 44)                      12,585            61,178
                                                                              987,509            969,221

   Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 16)                    259,821            457,174
   Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 17)                                15,580            11,657
   Amortisation of intangible assets (note 23)                                  11,660              8,305
   Total depreciation and amortisation                                        287,061            477,136

   Allowance for ECL on financial assets
     — trade and other receivables                                               9,888            54,145
     — amounts due from related companies                                        7,090              3,680
     — loan receivables                                                            827                  –
   Allowance for ECL of financial assets at amortised cost, net                 17,805            57,825

   Auditors’ remuneration
     — audit services                                                            3,400              3,180
     — non-audit services                                                             –                 –


   Cost of inventories recognised as an expense                             2,317,725          2,549,270
   Gain on sales and lease back transaction, net                                (8,576)           (28,378)
   Write-off of property, plant and equipment                                    7,009              7,441
   Research and development expenditure                                       219,310            186,130
   Impairment loss on inventories                                                8,165              6,872
   Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                             3,587            31,574
   Net foreign exchange loss/(gain)                                             26,612             (7,220)
   Short-term lease rental expenses                                              4,777            14,969


   Net (gain)/loss on financial assets at FVTPL
     — Unrealised (gain)/loss on financial assets at FVTPL                    (264,972)           11,666
     — Realised gain on financial assets at FVTPL                               (6,437)            (1,099)




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020     149
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




13. DIVIDEND
     (i)   Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the company attributable to the year
                                                                                            2020               2019
                                                                                         HK$’000            HK$’000


           Final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period
             of HK$0.11 per share (2019: HK$0.096 per share)                              390,450           324,250

           The final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period has not been recognised as a liability at
           the end of the reporting period.

     (ii) Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the company attributable to the
          previous financial year, approved and paid during the year
                                                                                            2020               2019
                                                                                         HK$’000            HK$’000


           Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year, approved and
             paid during the year, of HK$0.096 per share (2019: HK$0.086)                 324,245           290,471

14. EARNINGS PER SHARE
     The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the owners of the Company is based
     on the following data:

                                                                                            2020               2019
                                                                                         HK$’000            HK$’000


     Earnings
     Earnings for the purpose of basic earnings per share calculation                   1,792,661          1,150,948
     Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
       — Interest on convertible bond (net of tax)                                                –            9,598
     Earnings for the purpose of diluted earnings per share calculation                 1,792,661          1,160,546


                                                                                             2020              2019
                                                                                             ’000              ’000


     Number of shares
     Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose
       of basic earnings per share calculation                                          3,445,243          3,277,561
     Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
       — Convertible bonds                                                                        –           93,760
     Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
      diluted earnings per share calculation                                            3,445,243          3,371,321

     The Company’s outstanding convertible bonds were included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share
     because the effect of the Company’s outstanding convertible bonds were diluted for the years ended 31
     December 2019.


150 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2020




15. DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
   (a) Directors’ emoluments
      Details of directors’ emoluments are as follows:


                                                                                        2020              2019
                                                                                    HK$’000            HK$’000


      Fees:
        Executive directors                                                              150               150
        Independent non-executive directors                                              340               340
                                                                                         490               490
      Other emoluments:
        Salaries and allowances                                                        1,926              2,521
        Retirement benefits scheme contributions                                           18                18
                                                                                       2,434              3,029


      No emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors as an inducement to join, or upon joining the
      Group, or as compensation for loss of office for both years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.


      The emoluments paid or payable to each of the seven (2019: seven) directors for the year ended 31
      December 2020 are as follows:


                                                                                  Retirement
                                                                                      benefits
                                                                   Salaries and      schemes
                                                            Fees    allowances contributions              Total
                                                         HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000


      Executive directors:
      Mr. Liu Chengwei                                       50              –                  –           50
      Mr. Hu Bo                                              50              –                  –           50
      Dr. Shao Yan (Chief executive officer)                   –         1,926              18           1,944
      Dr. Niu Zhanqi                                         50              –                  –           50
                                                                             –                  –
      Independent non-executive directors:                                   –                  –
      Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie                               180              –                  –          180
      Mr. Hu Yebi                                           100              –                  –          100
      Dr. Pei Geng                                           60              –                  –           60
      Total                                                 490          1,926              18           2,434




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2020     151
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




15. DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
     (a) Directors’ emoluments (Continued)
           Details of directors’ emoluments for the year ended 31 December 2019 are as follows:


                                                                                            Retirement
                                                                                               benefits
                                                                           Salaries and       schemes
                                                                    Fees    allowances    contributions      Total
                                                                 HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000


           Executive directors:
           Mr. Liu Chengwei                                           50             –                 –        50
           Mr. Hu Bo                                                  50             –                 –        50
           Dr. Shao Yan (Chief executive officer)                      –         2,521              18       2,539
           Dr. Niu Zhanqi                                             50             –                 –        50


           Independent non-executive directors:
           Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie                                   180             –                 –       180
           Mr. Hu Yebi                                               100             –                 –       100
           Dr. Pei Geng                                               60             –                 –        60
           Total                                                     490         2,521              18       3,029


           During the current year ended 31 December 2020, Dr. Shao Yan agreed to waive a portion of emoluments
           of approximately HK$252,000.


           During year ended 31 December 2019, no directors of the Company agreed to waive or waived any
           emoluments.


           During both years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, the executive director of the Company, Dr. Shao
           Yan, was the chief executive officer of the Company.


     (b) Five Highest Paid Individuals
           The five individuals with the highest emoluments in the Group, one (2019: one) was the director of the
           Company whose emoluments were included above. The emoluments of the remaining four (2019: four)
           individuals are as follows:


                                                                                               2020           2019
                                                                                            HK$’000        HK$’000


           Employees
            Salaries and allowances                                                            8,377         6,253
            Retirement benefits schemes contributions                                            373           168
                                                                                               8,750         6,421


152 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2020




15. DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Five Highest Paid Individuals (Continued)
       These emoluments were within the following bands:


                                                                                       2020              2019
                                                                                     No. of             No. of
                                                                                employees          employees


       Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                                 –                 –
       HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                        –                 3
       HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                        2                 –
       Over HK$2,000,000                                                                   2                 1
                                                                                           4                 4


       During both years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the five
       highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss
       of office.


   (c) Senior Management of the Group
       The emoluments of the senior management who are non-director of the Group are within the following
       band.


                                                                                       2020              2019
                                                                                     No. of             No. of
                                                                                employees          employees


       Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                                 3                 2
       HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                        1                 2
       HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                        1                 –
       Over HK$2,000,000                                                                   –                 1
                                                                                           5                 5


       During both years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the
       senior management as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of
       office.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020     153
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                           Owned        Allocated    Plant and      Motor                              Construction
                                          buildings          land    machinery     vehicles    Equipment      Others    in progress        Total
                                           HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000


     Cost
     As at 1 January 2019                  1,456,990        1,708     1,630,899     27,793         67,071        412        623,984     3,808,857
     Additions                               122,633            –       214,217      8,496         20,735          –        199,957       566,038
     Disposals                               (17,086)           –       (25,666)    (2,567)        (3,501)         –              –       (48,820)
     Acquired through acquisition
       of assets (note 39)                         –            –             –           –             –          –         25,645        25,645
     Write-off                                     –            –       (22,103)     (2,717)         (885)         –              –       (25,705)
     Transfer                                 16,845            –        72,727           –         1,699          –        (91,271)            –
     Exchange realignment                    (25,988)         (30)      (31,676)       (529)       (1,406)         –        (12,889)      (72,518)
     As at 31 December 2019 and
       1 January 2020                      1,553,394        1,678     1,838,398     30,476         83,713        412        745,426     4,253,497
     Additions                                17,545            –        86,790      3,911         18,848          –         81,917       209,011
     Disposals                                (2,109)           –       (37,947)    (3,818)        (4,877)         –              –       (48,751)
     Acquired through acquisition
       of assets (note 39)                        –            –             –            –             –          –              –            –
     Write-off                               (3,886)           –       (41,959)      (2,089)       (1,104)         –              –      (49,038)
     Transfer                               317,284            –        26,317            –        29,967          –       (373,568)           –
     Exchange realignment                   110,188          100       110,953        1,701         7,276          –         28,317      258,535
     As at 31 December 2020                1,992,416        1,778     1,982,552     30,181        133,823        412        482,092     4,623,254
     Accumulated depreciation
        and impairment
     As at 1 January 2019                   290,096             –      582,842      13,764         45,300        412              –      932,414
     Depreciation provided for the year     127,114             –      300,756       4,701         24,603          –              –      457,174
     Eliminated on disposals                 (1,366)            –      (10,251)     (2,320)        (3,309)         –              –      (17,246)
     Eliminated on write-off                      –             –      (16,624)     (1,167)          (473)         –              –      (18,264)
     Exchange realignment                    (6,790)            –      (13,935)       (259)        (1,067)         –              –      (22,051)
     As at 31 December 2019 and
        1 January 2020                      409,054             –      842,788      14,719         65,054        412              –     1,332,027
     Depreciation provided for the year      77,078             –      155,496       2,562         24,685          –              –       259,821
     Eliminated on disposals                 (7,021)            –      (30,002)     (3,340)        (3,270)         –              –       (43,633)
     Eliminated on write-off                 (1,612)            –      (38,452)     (1,027)          (938)         –              –       (42,029)
     Exchange realignment                    28,024             –       50,106         778          4,944          –              –        83,852
     As at 31 December 2020                 505,523             –      979,936      13,692         90,475        412              –     1,590,038
     Net carrying amounts
     As at 31 December 2020               1,486,893        1,778     1,002,616     16,489         43,348           –       482,092     3,033,216

     As at 31 December 2019                1,144,340        1,678      995,610      15,757         18,659          –        745,426     2,921,470




154 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2020




16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
   The above items of property, plant and equipment, except for construction in progress and allocated land are
   depreciated on a straight-line basis, at the following rates per annum:

   Buildings                            2.5%–10%
   Plant and machinery                  5%–25%
   Equipment                            12%–33.3%
   Motor vehicles                       10%–25%
   Others                               12.5%–20%

   Allocated land is located in the PRC and is not specified by the PRC government authorities with the period of
   usage. The allocated land is restricted for disposal or transfer, but can be leased or pledged to other parties
   upon obtaining the approval from the relevant PRC’s authorities.

   Buildings are held in the PRC under medium-term leases.

   As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, certain buildings in the Group aggregated amount of approximately
   HK$136,000 (2019: HK$121,450,000) have been pledged to banks to secure general bank loans granted to the
   Group as further detailed in note 42.

17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                                      Motor vehicle    Buildings
                                                         leased for   leased for           Land
                                                          own used      own use        right use           Total
                                                           HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000


   Cost
   As at 1 January 2019                                          –         5,316         297,503         302,819
   Additions                                                   248        14,109          35,280          49,637
   Acquired through acquisition of assets (note 39)              –             –          31,224          31,224
   Exchange realignment                                         (3)         (392)         (7,073)         (7,468)
   As at 31 December 2019 and 1 January 2020                   245        19,033         356,934         376,212
   Additions                                                     –        10,172          20,029          30,201
   Exchange realignment                                          7         1,150          20,522          21,679
   As at 31 December 2020                                      252        30,355         397,485         428,092
   Accumulated depreciation
   As at 1 January 2019                                          –             –          22,334          22,334
   Depreciation provided for the year                          114         4,108           7,435          11,657
   Exchange realignment                                         (2)          (38)           (103)           (143)
   As at 31 December 2019 and 1 January 2020                   112         4,070          29,666          33,848
   Depreciation provided for the year                          133         6,298           9,149          15,580
   Exchange realignment                                          7           258           1,286           1,551
   As at 31 December 2020                                      252        10,626          40,101          50,979
   Net carrying amounts
   As at 31 December 2020                                        –       19,729         357,384         377,113
   As at 31 December 2019                                      133        14,963         327,268         342,364


                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020     155
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)
     Notes:

     1.    The Group leases several assets including properties and land right use. The average lease term is 7 years.

     2.    As at 31 December 2020, the Group is committed approximately to HK$957,000 for short-term leases.

     3.    The total cash outflow for leases amount approximately to HK$26,971,000 for the year ended 31 December 2020.


18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                                              2020           2019
                                                                                                         HK$’000          HK$’000


     Investment properties                                                                                132,696           79,815


                                                                                                              2020           2019
                                                                                                         HK$’000          HK$’000


     As at 1 January                                                                                       79,815           74,228
     Fair value gain recognised in profit or loss (note 8)                                                 45,648            6,974
     Exchange realignment                                                                                    7,233          (1,387)
     As at 31 December                                                                                    132,696           79,815


     Asset measured at fair value

                                                                                                 2020
                                                                      Level 1            Level 2             Level 3         Total
                                                                    HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000        HK$’000


     Investment properties located in PRC                                     –                  –         132,696        132,696


                                                                                                 2019
                                                                       Level 1            Level 2            Level 3         Total
                                                                      HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000       HK$’000


     Investment properties located in PRC                                     –                  –            79,815        79,815




156 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2020




18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
   (a) Valuation of investment properties
       The investment properties amounted of approximately HK$132,696,000 (2019: HK$79,815,000) of the
       Group were stated at fair value as at 31 December 2020. The fair value of investment properties as at 31
       December 2020 were arrived at based on the valuations carried out by an independent firm of qualified
       professional valuer, Wuhan Huasheng Zhenghao Assets Appraisal Co., Ltd. (this is the English translation
       of Chinese name or words which included for identification purposes only). The fair value of investment
       properties as at 31 December 2019 were assessed by the board of directors based on the obtainable
       market comparative transactions adjusted with dissimilar nature of the Group’s investment properties.


       The valuer has valued the properties on the basis of comparable market transactions as available.
       Discussions of valuation processes and results are held between the Group and valuers at least once every
       six months, in line with the Group’s interim and annual reporting dates. As at 31 December 2020, the fair
       values of the properties have been determined by the valuer. At each financial year end, the Group (i)
       verifies all major inputs to the independent valuation report; (ii) holds discussions with the independent
       valuer.


       Market approach method is adopted based on the principle of substitution, where comparison is made
       based on prices realised on actual sales and/or asking prices of comparable properties. Comparable
       properties of similar size, scale, nature, character and location are analysed and carefully weighed against
       all the respective advantages and disadvantages of each property in order to arrive at a fair comparison of
       market value and capital values.


       The valuation assumptions, unless otherwise stated, the valuer assumed that:


       (a)   The assets within the scope of the assessment are owned by the appraised unit and there is no
             ownership dispute;


       (b)   The assessment information provided by the entrusting party and the appraised unit is true, lawful
             and complete; and


       (c)   The assessment data collected by the assessors in the capacity range is authentic and credible.


       There has been no change from the valuation technique used during the year. In estimating the fair value
       of the properties, the highest and best use of the properties is their current use.


       The valuation of investment properties is determined by various major inputs:


       i.    As at 31 December 2020:
             The major key inputs applied in valuing the investment properties were market unit sales per each
             square meter. The range of unit market price were from RMB1,764 to RMB2,801.


             Another unobservable input was volume rate of the land use right. The ranges of plot ratio of
             investment properties were from 3.7 to 4.0. An increase in volume rate would result in increase in the
             fair value of investment properties.



                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020      157
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




19. LOAN RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                       2020
                                                                                                    HK$’000


     Loan receivables:
     Within one year                                                                                113,959
     Two to five years                                                                               46,503
                                                                                                    160,462
     Less: allowance for ECL                                                                            (827)
     Total loan receivables                                                                         159,635

     Less: Current portion                                                                           (45,676)
     Non-current portion                                                                            113,959


20. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                       2020             2019
                                                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000


     Cost of unlisted investments (note)                                          5,668,961        4,768,615
     Share of post-acquisition profits and other comprehensive income               277,292          180,002
     Share of net assets of associates                                            5,946,253        4,948,617

     Amounts due from associates                                                    186,813          217,338
                                                                                  6,133,066        5,165,955


     Amounts due from associates are unsecured, interest-free and not repayable/recoverable within next twelve
     months.




158 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2020




20. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
   The summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s material associates is set out below:


   Shanghai Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Company Limited (the “Xudong Haipu”)
                                                                                                     2020                 2019
                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000


   Total assets                                                                                  2,908,836           2,379,023
   Total liabilities                                                                              (397,210)           (642,964)
   Net assets of the associate                                                                   2,511,626           1,736,059
   Less: Non-controlling interests                                                                 (52,239)            (41,173)
   Net assets attributable to owners of associate                                                2,459,387           1,694,886
   Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                                  1,352,663             932,187
   Revenue                                                                                       1,212,540           1,043,013
   Profit for the year                                                                             456,205             444,662
   Share of results of an associate for the year                                                   250,913             244,564


   Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd. (the “Grand Pharma Sphere”)
                                                                                                     2020                 2019
                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000


   Total assets                                                                                12,596,769           10,950,551
   Total liabilities                                                                           (5,777,797)          (5,281,127)
   Net assets                                                                                    6,818,972           5,669,424
   Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                                  3,341,296           2,778,018
   Revenue                                                                                       1,220,699           1,236,022
   Loss for the year                                                                                (94,829)           (250,062)
   Share of results of an associate for the year                                                    (46,466)           (122,530)


   Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material
                                                                                                     2020                 2019
                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000


   The Group’s share of results of associates (note a)                                            (142,468)              (7,072)
   The Group’s share of net assets of associates                                                   473,147             283,135


   Note:


   (a)     The share of results mainly consist of share of loss from OncoSec Medical Incorporated amounted approximately to
           HK$135,843,000 (based on its management account adjusted under international generally accepted accounting principals).



                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020       159
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




20. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
     Details of the principal associates as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 are as follows:

                                                                     Percentage of effective
                               Place of         Form of             equity interest and voting Particulars of
                               incorporation/   business               power held by the       issued/paid-up
     Name                      operation        structure                    Company           capital                Principal activities
                                                                          2020         2019

     Yangxin Fuxin             PRC/PRC          Limited liability       40.32%       40.32%     Contributed capital   Production and sales of
       (note (a) & (k))                           company             (indirect)   (indirect)    RMB2,000,000           fine chemicals and
                                                                                                                        chemical medicine

     Cardionovum Holding       Hong Kong/       Limited liability       33.33%       33.33%     Contributed capital   Development, production
       (note (b))               Hong Kong         company             (indirect)   (indirect)    USD93,000,000         and distribution of
                                                                                                                       advanced cardiovascular
                                                                                                                       interventional medical
                                                                                                                       devices and the provision
                                                                                                                       of related services

     East Ocean                Hong Kong/       Limited liability      23.69%         0.07%     Issued capital         Investment holding
       (note (c) & (k))         Hong Kong         company              (direct)      (direct)      HK$117,000,000/
                                                                                                   contributed capital
                                                                                                   HK$58,500,001

     Xudong Haipu              PRC/PRC          Limited liability       55.00%       55.00%     Contributed capital   Production and sales of
       (note (d) & (j))                           company             (indirect)   (indirect)    RMB60,000,000          pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                        preparations
                                                                                                                        for injections

     Grand Pharma Sphere       Singapore/       Limited liability       49.00%       49.00%     Contributed capital   Investment holding
       (note (e))                Singapore        company             (indirect)   (indirect)    USD100

     Revolmmune                PRC/PRC          Limited liability        9.68%             –    Issued capital         Development of colorectal
       (note (f) & (k))                           company             (indirect)                   RMB813,447/          cancer medicine
                                                                                                   contributed capital
                                                                                                   RMB272,269

     Nanjing Fuhan             PRC/PRC          Limited liability       51.00%             –    Contributed capital   Investment holding
      (note (g) & (k))                            company             (indirect)                 RMB40,000,000

     Nanjing Kainite           PRC/PRC          Limited liability       29.17%             –    Contributed capital   Development of
      (note (h) & (k))                            company             (indirect)                 RMB3,100,000          Neurological intervention

     OncoSec (note (i))        USA/USA          Limited liability       43.38%             –    Contributed capital   Development of
                                                  company             (indirect)                 USD2,769              cancer immunotherapy

     Notes:

     (a)     Yangxin Fuxin was an associate of Hubei Grand Fuchi Pharmaceutical and Chemical Company Limited (“Hubei Fuchi”) and
             Hubei Fuchi was acquired by the Group as a subsidiary pursuant to an agreement signed on 2 March 2010.

             As at 31 December 2013, the Group held approximately 40.22% equity interest in Yangxin Fuxin and are accounted for the
             investment as an associate. During the year ended 31 December 2014, the Group had further acquired approximately 0.24%
             equity interest in Grand Pharm (China) on 23 October 2014. Immediately after completion of this acquisition on 23 October
             2014, the Group’s equity interest in Yangxin Fuxin was increased from 40.22% to 40.32%.




160 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2020




20. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
   Notes: (Continued)

   (b)    Cardionovum Holding was an associate of Grand Wise International Trading Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
          Company, and Cardionovum Holding was establish with individual third party. The Company had subscribed for approximately
          33.33% of the enlarged issued share capital of the Cardionovum Holding pursuant to an agreement signed on 21 April 2015,
          and are accounted for the investment in an associate.

          The Group is able to exercise significant influence over Cardionovum Holding because it has the power to appoint one out of
          the five directors of that company under the shareholders agreement.

   (c)    East Ocean was an associate of the Company and East Ocean was establish with a connected person of the Company. The
          Company had held for 1 out of 1500 issued share capital of the East Ocean as at 31 December 2017. Pursuant to an agreement
          signed between the Company and the owners of East Ocean in relate to the establishment of East Ocean, the Company will
          inject not more than 49.9% equity interest of capital into East Ocean within five years, and are accounted for the investment in
          an associate.

          During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Company had contributed approximately HK$27,717,000, which increased the
          equity interest to 23.69%.

          The Group is able to exercise significant influence over East Ocean because it has the power to appoint one out of the three
          directors of that company under the shareholders agreement.

   (d)    Xudong Haipu was an associate of Taiwan Tung Yang International Company Limited (“Tung Yang”).

          On 24 May 2018, the Company entered into the acquisition agreement, the Company had acquired 100% of the Tung Yang
          shares at aggregate consideration HK$2,004,227,000 which are settled by cash and shares. Upon completion of the acquisition,
          Tung Yang is directly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Shanghai Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd (“Xudong
          Haipu”) and its subsidiaries are classified as associates of the Company after Completion. This is because material decisions of
          Xudong Haipu (including but not limited to the approval of its annual budget, manufacturing plan and profit distribution policy)
          are subject to the resolutions of the board of directors of Xudong Haipu which must be passed by at least two-third of its
          directors in attendance under the articles of association of Xudong Haipu. As the Tung Yang entitled to appoint only four out
          of the seven directors of Xudong Haipu, the Tung Yang does not have control over the operations and financial management
          of Xudong Haipu.

          The completion of the acquisition took place on 5 September 2018. Details of the acquisition of the Tung Yang are disclosed in
          the announcement of the Company dated 24 May 2018, 31 July 2018 and 24 August 2018.

          Even the Company was holding 55% of shares of Xudong Haipu, since the resolutions requires at least 5 out of 7 directors’
          approval to pass, where the Company only entitled to appoint 4 directors on the board meeting, the Company does not have
          control over the associate.

   (e)    Grand Pharma Sphere was an associate of Grand Decade Developments Limited (“Grand Decade”) and it was the immediate
          holder of Grand Pharma Sphere (Australia BidCo) Pte Ltd. (“BidCo”).

          On 14 June 2018, the Company entered into the binding scheme implementation deed pursuant to which CDH Genetech
          Limited (“CDH Genetech”) and the Company had acquired 100% of the Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd. (formerly named Sirtex Medical
          Ltd.) (“Sirtex”) shares. The Company and CDH Genetech had established BidCo to acquire the Sirtex shares and paid
          aggregate consideration HK$2,907,725,000. Upon completion of the acquisition, the Company and CDH Genetech owned 49%
          and 51% of the issued shares capital of the BidCo respectively. The completion of the acquisition took place on 20 September
          2018. Details of the acquisition of the BidCo are disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 14 June 2018, 26 July
          2018, 20 September 2018 and 12 March 2019.

          On 4 May 2020, the Group entered into a subscription agreement with CDH Genetech pursuant to which the Group and CDH
          Genetech (or its nominee) will further subscribe shares of Grand Pharma Sphere in proportion to their respective equity
          interests. The total consideration for the further subscription is approximately HK$1,163,571,000 and the Group and CDH
          Genetech will invest for approximately HK$570,150,000 and HK$593,421,000 respectively.

          Details of the further subscription of the Grand Pharma Sphere was disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 4
          May 2020.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020        161
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




20. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
     Notes: (Continued)

     (f)   Revolmmune Therapeutics Co., Ltd. (“Revolmmune”) was an associate of Grand Pharm (China). The Company had subscribed
           for approximately 9.68% of issued share capital of the Revoimmune pursuant to an agreement signed on 13 July 2020, and are
           accounted for the investment in an associate.

           The Group is able to exercise significant influence over Revolmmune because it has the power to appoint one out of the five
           directors of that company under the shareholders agreement.

     (g)   Nanjing Fuhan Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“Nanjing Fuhan”) was an associate of the Company
           and Nanjing Fuhan was establish with Xudong Haipu which was another associate of the Company. The Company had held
           51% of issued share capital of the Nanjing Fuhan as at 31 December 2020.

           Even the Company was holding 51% of shares of Nanjing Fuhan, since the resolutions requires over 50% of the total number of
           directors (2 directors in total) to pass, where the Company only entitled to appoint 1 director on the board meeting, the
           Company does not have control over the associate.

     (h)   Nanjing Kainite Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Kainite”) was an associate of Grand Pharm (China). The Company had
           subscribed for approximately 29.17% of issued share capital of the Nanjing Kainite on 27 July 2020. Pursuant to an agreement,
           the Company will inject and acquire to 100% equity interest of capital into Nanjing Kainite in phases if the conditions are met,
           and are accounted for the investment in an associate.

           The Group is able to exercise significant influence over Nanjing Kainite because it has the power to appoint one out of the
           three directors of that company under the shareholders agreement.

     (i)   OncoSec Medical Incorporated (“OncoSec”) was an associate of Grand Decade Developments Limited (“Grand Decade”).

           On 10 October 2019, the Company entered stock purchase agreement and the stockholders agreement. The Company had
           acquired approximately of 43.95% of the issued shares capital of the OncoSec at aggregate consideration for approximately
           HK$193,929,000 which are settled by cash. The completion of the acquisition took place on 7 February 2020. Details of the
           acquisition of the OncoSec are disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 10 October 2019, 26 November 2019
           and 7 February 2020.

           Since OncoSec has announced offering of common stock of an aggregate 4,608,589 shares of USD$3.25 per share on 16
           August 2020. The Company had acquired 1,999,000 of new placing of shares at aggregate consideration for approximately
           HK$50,396,000.

           As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s equity interest in OncoSec had decreased from 43.95% to 43.38%.

           The Group is able to exercise significant influence over OncoSec because it has the power to appoint three out of the nine
           directors of that company under the shareholders agreement.

     (j)   Xudong Haipu is wholly owned foreign enterprises.

     (k)   These companies are wholly-domestic owned enterprises.


     The above table lists associates of the Group which, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, principally
     affected the results of the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the group. To give details of
     other associates would, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, result in particulars of excessive length.




162 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2020




21. GOODWILL
                                                                                                         HK$’000


   As at 1 January 2019                                                                                  487,848
   Exchange realignment                                                                                    (7,527)
   As at 31 December 2019 and 1 January 2020                                                             480,321
   Exchange realignment                                                                                   25,253
   As at 31 December 2020                                                                               505,574


   Impairment Tests for Cash-generating Units Containing Goodwill
   Goodwill acquired has been allocated for impairment testing purposes to the following cash generating units
   (“CGU”):


   —       Zhejiang Jianju Xianle Pharmaceutical Company Limited (“Zhejiang Xianle”)


   —       Wuhan Kernel Bio-tech Co., Ltd. (“Wuhan Kernel”)


   —       Hubei Wellness Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Hubei Wellness”)


   —       Beijing Rui Yao Technology Limited (“Beijing Rui Yao”)


   —       Beijing Jiu He Pharmaceutical Limited (“Jiu He”)


   —       Tianjin Jingming New Technology Development Co., Ltd. (“Tianjin Jingming”)


   —       Xi’an Beilin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Xi’an Beilin”)


   The Group tests goodwill annually for impairment, or more frequently if there are indications that goodwill
   might be impaired.


   Before recognition of impairment losses, the carrying amount of goodwill was allocated to CGU as follows:


                                                                                          2020               2019
                                                                                        HK$’000          HK$’000


   Zhejiang Xianle                                                                       54,944           54,944
   Wuhan Kernel                                                                          16,597           15,666
   Hubei Wellness                                                                        23,945           22,603
   Beijing Rui Yao                                                                       25,572           24,139
   Jiuhe                                                                                190,589          179,909
   Tianjin Jingming                                                                      64,569           60,951
   Xi’an Beilin                                                                         129,358          122,109
                                                                                        505,574          480,321

                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020   163
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




21. GOODWILL (Continued)
     Impairment Tests for Cash-generating Units Containing Goodwill (Continued)
     Notes:

     Zhejiang Xianle

     The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow
     sourced from the financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately
     18% (2019: 15%) that reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows
     beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated using 3% growth rate per annum (2019: 3%). The directors believe that any reasonably
     possible further change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of
     the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

     As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment
     loss was recognised.

     Wuhan Kernel

     The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow
     sourced from the financial budgets approved by management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 16%
     (2019: 15%) that reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5
     year period have been extrapolated using 3% growth rate per annum (2019: 3%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible
     further change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to
     exceed its recoverable amount.

     As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment
     loss was recognised.

     Hubei Wellness

     The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow
     sourced from the financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately
     16% (2019: 15%) that reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows
     beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated using 3% growth rate per annum (2019: 3%). The directors believe that any reasonably
     possible further change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of
     the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

     As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment
     loss was recognised.

     Beijing Rui Yao

     The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow
     sourced from the financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately
     18% (2019: 16%) that reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows
     beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated using 3% growth rate per annum (2019: 3%). The directors believe that any reasonably
     possible further change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of
     the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

     As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment
     loss was recognised.




164 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2020




21. GOODWILL (Continued)
   Impairment Tests for Cash-generating Units Containing Goodwill (Continued)
   Notes: (Continued)

   Jiuhe

   The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow
   sourced from the financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately
   16% (2019: 15%) that reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows
   beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated using 3% growth rate per annum (2019: 3%). The directors believe that any reasonably
   possible further change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of
   the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

   As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill and intangible assets (note
   23) are allocated, no impairment loss was recognised.

   Tianjin Jingming

   The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow
   sourced from the financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately
   17% (2019: 16%) that reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows
   beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated using 3% growth rate per annum (2019: 3%). The directors believe that any reasonably
   possible further change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of
   the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

   As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill and intangible assets (note
   23) are allocated, no impairment loss was recognised.

   Xi’an Beilin

   The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow
   sourced from the financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately
   16% (2019: 15%) that reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows
   beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated using 3% growth rate per annum (2019: 3%). The directors believe that any reasonably
   possible further change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of
   the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

   As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill and intangible assets (note
   23) are allocated, no impairment loss was recognised.

   The key assumptions used in the value in use calculations for the cash-generating units are as follows:

   Budgeted market share                Average market share in the period immediately before the budget period, plus a growth of 3%
                                        (2019: 3%) of market share per year. The values assigned to the assumption reflect past
                                        experience and are consistent with the directors’ plans for focusing operations in these markets.
                                        The directors believe that the planned market share growth per year for the next five years is
                                        reasonably achievable.

   Budgeted gross margin                Average gross margins achieved in the period immediately before the budget period, increased
                                        for expected efficiency improvements. This reflects past experience.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020       165
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




22. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES
     Particulars of the Group’s principal subsidiaries as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 are as follows:

                                            Place of         Form of               Percentage of effective      Particulars of
                                            incorporation/   business             equity interest and voting    issued/paid-up
       Name                                 operation        structure           power held by the Company      capital               Principal activities
                                                                                        2020           2019


       Grand Pharm (China)                  PRC/PRC          Limited liability        99.84%         99.84%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of
         (notes (iv), (vi), (vii),                             company              (indirect)     (indirect)    RMB470,000,000        pharmaceutical products
          (viii) & (xxvii))                                                                                                            in the PRC


       Wuhan Wuyao                          PRC/PRC          Limited liability        99.18%         99.18%     Contributed capital   Production and sale of
        (notes (i) & (viii))                                   company              (indirect)     (indirect)    RMB61,000,000          pharmaceutical raw material
                                                                                                                                        and chemicals and export of
                                                                                                                                        self-made products and
                                                                                                                                        related technologies


       Wuhan Grand Hoyo (notes (ii),        PRC/PRC          Limited liability        87.69%         84.76%     Paid up capital       Manufacture and distribution of
        (viii), (xvi), (xxiv) and (xxvi))                      company              (indirect)     (indirect)     RMB50,000,000        amino acid products


       Hubei Fuchi                          PRC/PRC          Limited liability        89.60%         89.60%     Contributed capital   Production and sales of
        (notes (viii) and (xx))                                company              (indirect)     (indirect)    RMB38,990,000          agrochemicals, fine chemicals
                                                                                                                                        and chemical medicine


       Hubei Grand EBE Bright Eyes          PRC/PRC          Limited liability        99.84%         99.84%     Contributed capital   Production and sales of
        Company Limited                                        company              (indirect)     (indirect)    RMB114,000,000         ophthalmic gel and eye drops
        (“Hubei Grand EBE”)
        (note (viii))


       Zhejiang Xianle (note xxvii)         PRC/PRC          Limited liability        67.00%         67.00%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of steroid
                                                               company              (indirect)       (direct)    RMB10,000,000         hormones active
                                                                                                                                       pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                       ingredients (“APls”) and
                                                                                                                                       related intermediates


       Wuhan Kernel (notes (iii), (viii) , PRC/PRC           Limited liability        91.56%         91.56%     Contributed capital   Research and development,
        (xvi) and (xvii))                                      company              (indirect)     (indirect)    RMB79,200,000          production and sale of
                                                                                                                                        bio-pesticides and additives


       Hubei Wellness                       PRC/PRC          Limited liability        99.84%         99.84%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of
        (notes (v) & (viii))                                   company              (indirect)     (indirect)    RMB48,000,000         pharmaceutical products
                                                                                                                                       in the PRC


       Grand Pharmaceutical                 PRC/PRC          Limited liability        59.90%         59.90%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of
         Huangshi Feiyun                                       company              (indirect)     (indirect)    RMB125,000,000        pharmaceutical products
         Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      in the PRC
         (“Huangshi Feiyun”)
         (notes (viii) & (ix))




166 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2020




22. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                     Place of         Form of               Percentage of effective      Particulars of
                                     incorporation/   business             equity interest and voting    issued/paid-up
    Name                             operation        structure           power held by the Company      capital               Principal activities
                                                                                 2020           2019


    Beijing Rui Yao (notes (x) & (xii)) PRC/PRC       Limited liability        99.84%         99.84%     Contributed capital   Investment holding
                                                        company              (indirect)     (indirect)    RMB23,901,750


    Beijing Huajin Pharmaceutical    PRC/PRC          Limited liability        71.88%         71.88%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of
      Co., Ltd. (“Beijing Huajin”)                      company              (indirect)     (indirect)    RMB7,886,400          pharmaceutical products
      (notes (viii), (x) & (xii))                                                                                               in the PRC


    Huangshi Fuchi Water Affairs     PRC/PRC          Limited liability        99.84%         99.84%     Contributed capital   Treatment of sewage in the PRC
     Company Limited                                    company              (indirect)     (indirect)    RMB1,000,000
     (“Fuchi Water”) (note (xi))


    Jiuhe (note (xiii))              PRC/PRC          Limited liability        96.84%         96.84%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of
                                                        company              (indirect)     (indirect)    RMB20,000,000         capsules, pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                intermediates,
                                                                                                                                tablets, granules and
                                                                                                                                soft capsules in the PRC


    Tianjin Jingming (note (xiv))    PRC/PRC          Limited liability        73.18%         73.18%     Contributed capital   Research and development,
                                                        company              (indirect)     (indirect)    RMB1,000,000           manufacture and sales of
                                                                                                                                 ophthalmic medical devices
                                                                                                                                 and disposal surgical product


    Zhu Hai Cardionovum              PRC/PRC          Limited liability        77.89%         77.89%     Contributed capital   Development, manufacture
      Medical Device Co. Ltd.                           company              (indirect)     (indirect)    USD1,000,000          and sales of ophthalmic
      (“Zhu Hai Cardionovum”)                                                                                                   medical devices
      (note (xv))


    Xi’an Beilin (note (xvii))       PRC/PRC          Limited liability        99.84%         99.84%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of
                                                        company              (indirect)     (indirect)    RMB27,800,000         Chinese medicine and
                                                                                                                                health food product


    Grand Decade (note (xxii))       BVI/BVI          Limited liability          100%           100%     Contributed capital   Investment holding
                                                        company                (direct)       (direct)    HKD78,000


    Tung Yang (note (xxiii))         Hong Kong/       Limited liability          100%           100%     Contributed capital   Investment holding
                                      Hong Kong         company                (direct)       (direct)    USD2,944,611


    Beijing Kun Wu International     PRC/PRC          Limited liability        99.84%         99.84%     Contributed capital   Land holding
      Business Limited                                  company              (indirect)     (indirect)    RMB18,000,000
      (“Beijing Kun Wu”)
      (note (xxv))




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020              167
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




22. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     Notes:

     (a)   Detail of subsidiaries

           None of the subsidiaries had any debt securities outstanding at the end of the year or at any time during the year.

           (i)     Pursuant to a shareholders’ resolution dated 4 January 2011, the registered capital of Wuhan Wuyao was increased from
                   RMB31,000,000 to RMB61,000,000. Then, Grand Pharm (China) injected additional capital of RMB30,000,000 into Wuhan
                   Wuyao. As a result, the Group’s equity interest in Wuhan Wuyao was increased from 72.72% to 73.18%. The registration
                   of this transaction under the PRC government authority was completed on 20 January 2011.

           (ii)    Wuhan Grand Hoyo became a subsidiary of the Group in 2010.

                   During the year ended 31 December 2010, a further 6.4% equity interest in Wuhan Grand Hoyo was acquired by Grand
                   Pharm (China). As a result, the effective equity interest in Wuhan Grand Hoyo held by the Group was increased from
                   41.26% to 45.97%.

           (iii)   Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with Wuhan Optics to acquire 81.0263% equity interest in Wuhan Kernel
                   on 22 September 2011. The effective equity interest in Wuhan Kernel held by the Group is 59.69% upon the completion
                   of the acquisition on 17 November 2011.

           (iv)    Pursuant to an agreement dated 14 February 2012, the Group acquired additional 2.28% equity interest in Grand Pharm
                   (China) from the non-controlling interests of Grand Pharm (China) at a cash consideration of RMB9.66 million
                   (approximately HK$11.91 million). The Group recognised a decrease in non-controlling interests and other reserve of
                   approximately HK$18,047,000 and HK$6,133,000 respectively.

           (v)     Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with 湖北絲寶藥業有限公司 to acquire 100% equity interest in Hubei
                   Wellness Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. on 22 November 2012. The effective equity interest in Hubei Wellness held by the
                   Group is 99.60% upon the completion of the acquisition on 22 November 2012.

           (vi)    Pursuant to share transfer agreement dated on 17 December 2012, the Group further entered into an agreement to
                   acquire approximately 20.26% equity interest in Grand Pharm (China) at the consideration of RMB136.40 million
                   (approximately HK$169.66 million) (representing approximately RMB6.73 million per each percentage of equity interest
                   in Grand Pharm (China)). This acquisition had been completed on 28 December 2012. Immediately after completion of
                   this acquisition on 28 December 2012, the equity interest held by the Group in Grand Pharm (China) was approximately
                   96.21%.

           (vii)   Pursuant to share transfer agreement dated on 21 December 2012, the Group further entered into an agreement to
                   acquire approximately 3.39% equity interest in Grand Pharm (China) at the consideration of RMB20.06 million
                   (representing approximately RMB5.92 million per each percentage of equity interest in Grand Pharm (China)). This
                   acquisition had been completed on 28 December 2012. Immediately after completion of this acquisition on 28
                   December 2012, the equity interest held by the Group in Grand Pharm (China) was approximately 99.6%. As a result of
                   the acquisition detail on note (iv), (vi) & (vii), the Group’s equity interest in Wuhan Wuyao was increased from 73.18% to
                   98.94%; Wuhan Grand Hoyo was increased from 45.97% to 62.15%; Hubei Fuchi was increased from 60.72% to 82.09%;
                   Hubei Grand EBE was increased from 73.67% to 99.60% and Wuhan Kemel was increased from 59.69% to 80.70%.




168 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




22. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   Notes: (Continued)

   (a)    Detail of subsidiaries (Continued)

          (viii)   Pursuant to share transfer agreement dated on 10 October 2014, Grand Pharm (China) had increased the paid-up capital
                   to RMB470,000,000. The Group had paid RMB285,000,000 during the year ended 2014. After the payment of additional
                   paid-up capital, the Group further acquired approximately 0.24% equity interest in Grand Pharm (China) at the
                   consideration of RMB1.134 million (representing approximately RMB4.725 million per each percentage of equity interest
                   in Grand Pharm (China)). This acquisition had been completed on 23 October 2014. Immediately after completion of this
                   acquisition on 23 October 2014, the equity interest held by the Group in Grand Pharm (China) was approximately
                   99.84%. As a result of the acquisition detail on notes (iv), (vi) & (vii), the Group’s equity interest in Wuhan Wuyao was
                   increased from 98.94% to 99.18%; Wuhan Grand Hoyo was increased from 62.15% to 62.30%; Hubei Fuchi was increased
                   from 82.09% to 82.29%; Hubei Grand EBE was increased from 99.60% to 99.84%, Wuhan Kemel was increased from
                   80.70% to 80.90%. Hubei Wellness was increased from 99.60% to 99.84%; Huangshi Feiyun was increased from 59.76% to
                   59.90% and Beijing Huajin was increased from 50.80% to 50.92%.

          (ix)     Pursuant to an agreement dated 22 February 2013, the Group established and owned 60% equity interest in Huangshi
                   Feiyun. The effective equity interest in Huangshi Feiyun held by the Group is 59.76% on 22 February 2013.

          (x)      Pursuant to an agreement dated 16 July 2013, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with Beijing Kun Wu
                   International Business Limited to acquire 70.84% equity interest in Beijing Rui Yao on 31 October 2013. Beijing Rui Yao
                   also owning 72% equity interest in Beijing Huajin without any encumbrances and potential disputes, and upon
                   completion of Rui Yao acquisition, Grand Pharm (China) will own approximately 70.56% equity interest in Rui Yao and
                   approximately 50.80% equity interest in Beijing Huajin indirectly through Rui Yao.

          (xi)     The Group established and owned 99.84% equity interest in Fuchi Water. The effective equity interest in Fuchi Water
                   held by the Group is 99.84% on 30 September 2014.

          (xii)    Pursuant to an agreement dated 11 December 2014, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with Beijing Kun
                   Wu International Business Limited to acquire 29.16% equity interest in Beijing Rui Yao on 1 January 2015. Beijing Rui Yao
                   also owning 72% equity interest in Beijing Huajin without any encumbrances and potential disputes, and upon
                   completion of Rui Yao additional acquisition, the Group will own approximately 99.84% equity interest in Rui Yao and
                   approximately 71.88% equity interest in Beijing Huajin indirectly through Rui Yao.

          (xiii)   Pursuant to an agreement dated 17 July 2015, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with Ningbo CDH Jinxiu
                   Investment Management Company Limited (the “Ningbo CDH”) to acquire 67.00% equity interest in Jiuhe on 31 July
                   2015 and upon completion of Jiuhe acquisition, the Group will own approximately 66.89% equity interest in Jiuhe.

                   During the year ended 2015, a further 30.00% equity interest in Jiuhe was acquired by Grand Pharm (China). As a result,
                   the effective equity interest in Jiuhe held by the Group was increased from 66.89% to 96.84%.

          (xiv)    Pursuant to an agreement dated 22 December 2014, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with Wu Liang and
                   Fan Li Jin to acquire 73.30% equity interest in Tianjin Jingming on 1 January 2015. The effective equity interest in Tianjin
                   Jingming held by the Group is 73.18% on 1 January 2015.

          (xv)     The Group established and owned 77.89% equity interest in Zhu Hai Cardionovum. The effective equity interest in Zhu
                   Hai Cardionovum held by the Group is 77.89% on 9 October 2015.

          (xvi)    During the year ended 31 December 2016, the Group increase effective equity interest by 13.44% in Huang Gang Fuchi
                   Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. from the non-controlling interests at consideration of three subsidiaries shares of 2.59% in
                   Wuhan Grand Hoyo; 2.11% in Wuhan Kemel and 3.47% in Hubei Grand Bio-technology Limited.

          (xvii) During the year ended 31 December 2016, the Group acquired additional 1.55% and 16.05% equity interest in Wuhan
                 Kernel from the non-controlling interests of Wuhan Kernel at a cash consideration of RMB3,000,000 and RMB20,180,000
                 (approximately HK$3,362,000 and HK$22,614,000). The Group recognised an decrease in non-controlling interests and
                 decrease in other reserve of approximately HK$28,165,000 and HK$2,059,000 respectively.


                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020         169
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




22. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     Notes: (Continued)

     (a)   Detail of subsidiaries (Continued)

           (xviii) Pursuant to an agreement dated 29 June 2016, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with independent third
                   parties to acquire 77.21% equity interest in Xi’an Beilin on 13 July 2016. Xi’an Beilin also owing 100%, 100% and 79%
                   equity interest in Shenxi Xin Beilin Medical Company Limited (the “Shenxi Xin Beilin”), Xi’an Hanyuan Shiye Company
                   Limited (the “Xi’an Hanyuan Shiye”) and Xi’an Beilin Biological Technology Company Limited (the “Xi’an Beilin
                   Biological”) without any encumbrances and potential disputes, and upon completion of Xi’an Beilin acquisition, the
                   Group will own approximately 77.09% equity interest in Xi’an Beilin and approximately 77.09%, 77.09% and 60.91%
                   equity interest in Shenxi Xin Beilin, Xi’an Hanyuan Shiye and Xi’an Beilin Biological indirectly through Xi’an Beilin. During
                   the year ended 31 December 2016, the Group derecognised Xi’an Beilin Biological Technology.

                   During the year ended 31 December 2017, Grand Pharm (China) acquire additional 22.79% equity interest in Xi’an Beilin
                   from the non-controlling interests of Xi’an Beilin at a cash consideration of RMB131,512,000 (approximately
                   HK$151,606,000), and upon completion of the further acquisition, the Group will own approximately 99.84% equity
                   interest in Xi’an Beilin and approximately 99.84% and 99.84% equity interest in Shenxi Xin Beilin and Xi’an Huanyuan
                   Shiye indirectly through Xi’an Beilin. The Group recognised a decrease in non-controlling interests and decrease in other
                   reserve of approximately HK$113,123,000 and HK$38,484,000 respectively.

           (xix)   During the year ended 31 December 2017, Wuhan Kernel had increased the contributed capital to RMB79,200,000. After
                   the payment of additional of contributed capital, Grand Pharm (China) disposed 4.9% equity interest in Wuhan Kernel to
                   independent third party at a cash consideration of RMB12,740,000 (approximately HK$14,687,000). Upon the completion
                   of the partial disposal, the Group will own approximately 91.56% equity interest in Wuhan Kernel indirectly. The Group
                   recognised an increase in non-controlling interests and increase in other reserve of approximately HK$5,832,000 and
                   HK$8,853,000 respectively.

           (xx)    During the year ended 31 December 2017, Grand Pharm (China) acquire additional approximately 7.32% equity interest
                   in Hubei Fuchi from the non-controlling interests of Hubei Fuchi at a cash consideration of approximately RMB11,679,000
                   (approximately HK$13,463,000), and upon completion of the further acquisition, the Group will own approximately
                   89.60% equity interest in Hubei Fuchi. The Group recognised a decrease in non-controlling interests and decrease in
                   other reserve of approximately HK$7,506,000 and HK$5,957,000 respectively. As a result of the acquisition, the Group’s
                   equity interest in Wuhan Grand Hoyo was increased from 59.71% to 60.80%; and Hubei Fuchi was increased from 82.29%
                   to 89.60%.

           (xxi)   During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Company establish Grand Decade for the purpose of acquiring associate,
                   Grand Pharma Sphere.

           (xxii) During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Company acquire 100% equity interest in Tung Yang at aggregate
                  consideration HK$2,004,227,000. Upon completion, Xudong Haipu becomes an associate of the Company.

           (xxiii) Pursuant to an agreement dated 20 November 2019, the Group acquired additional of 24.6% equity interest in Wuhan
                   Grand Hoyo from the non-controlling interests of Wuhan Grand Hoyo at a cash consideration of RMB73,724,700
                   (approximately HK$83,630,000), and upon completion of the further acquisition, the effective equity interest in Wuhan
                   Grand Hoyo held by the Group is approximately 84.76%. The Group recognised a decrease in non-controlling interests
                   and other reserve of approximately HK$77,803,000 and HK$5,827,000 respectively.

           (xxiv) During the year ended 31 December 2019, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with 北京瑞雅科國際企業管
                  理有限公司 to acquire 100% equity interest in Beijing Kun Wu. The effective equity interest in Beijing Kun Wu held by the
                  Group is 99.84% upon the completion of the acquisition on 1 May 2019.




170 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020




22. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   Notes: (Continued)

   (a)    Detail of subsidiaries (Continued)

          (xxv)   Pursuant to an agreement dated 16 July 2020, the Group acquired additional of 3.0% equity interest in Wuhan Grand
                  Hoyo from the non-controlling interests of Wuhan Grand Hoyo at a cash consideration of RMB8,990,800 (approximately
                  HK$10,102,000), and upon completion of the further acquisition, the effective equity interest in Wuhan Grand Hoyo held
                  by the Group is approximately 87.69%.

          (xxvi) The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Group, which, in the opinion of the Directors, principally affected the results
                 or assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors result in particulars of
                 excessive lengths.

          (xxvii) These companies are foreign and domestic owned enterprises.

          (xxviii) Except the companies listed in note (xxvii), all other companies incorporated and operating in PRC are wholly domestic
                   owned enterprises.

   (b)    Detail of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests

                                 Place of
                                 incorporation/       Proportion of ownership
                                 registration     interests and voting rights held     Profits allocated to               Accumulated
          Name of Company        and operation      by non-controlling interests     non-controlling interests       non-controlling interests
                                                           2020              2019         2020              2019          2020              2019
                                                                                       HK$’000           HK$’000       HK$’000           HK$’000


          Wuhan Grand Hoyo       PRC/PRC                 12.31%            15.24%        11,463             7,477        50,638            47,755


          Summarised financial information in respect of each of the Group’s subsidiaries that has material non-controlling interests is set
          out below. The summarised financial information below represents amounts before intragroup eliminations.




                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020         171
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




22. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     Notes: (Continued)

     (b)   Detail of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests (Continued)

           Wuhan Grand Hoyo and its subsidiaries

                                                                                                            2020                  2019
                                                                                                         HK$’000               HK$’000


           Current assets                                                                                 427,423              293,317
           Non-current assets                                                                              58,891               58,947
           Current liabilities                                                                            (72,856)             (36,444)
           Non-current liabilities                                                                         (2,098)              (2,468)
           Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                   360,722              265,597
           Non-controlling interests                                                                       50,638               47,755
           Revenue                                                                                        640,376               554,101
           Other revenue and income                                                                         9,780                 4,450
           Expenses                                                                                      (574,938)             (509,489)
           Profit for the year                                                                             75,218               49,062
           Profit attributable to owners of the Company                                                    63,755               41,585
           Profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                11,463                7,477

           Total comprehensive income for the year                                                         99,738               45,646
           Total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the Company                                84,538               38,690
           Total comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests                            15,200                6,956

           Dividend paid to non-controlling interest                                                            –                    –
           Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                       72,947               20,111
           Net cash outflow from investing activities                                                     (39,834)              (5,758)
           Net cash inflow/(outflow) from financing activities                                             33,919                 (629)
           Effect of foreign exchange rate charges                                                         11,246               (2,272)
           Net cash inflow                                                                                 78,278               11,452


           Significant restrictions

           Cash and short-term deposits of RMB held in the PRC are subject to local exchange control regulations. These local exchange
           control regulations provide for restrictions on exporting capital from the PRC, other than through normal dividends.

     (c)   Change in ownership interests in Wuhan Grand Yoho and its subsidiaries

           During the year, the Group acquired 2.92% effective equity interests of from a non-controlling shareholder which is holding 3%
           equity interests of Wuhan Grand Yoho and its subsidiaries pursuant to an equity transfer agreement at a cash consideration of
           RMB8,990,800 (approximately HK$10,102,000).




172 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




23. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                          Patent,
                                                                    trademark and
                                                                       capitalised
                                                  Pharmaceutical     development           Acquired
                                                     technology               cost     patent rights              Total
                                                        HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000


   Cost
   As at 1 January 2019                                    7,195          760,944            113,700            881,839
   Addition                                                    –                 –              1,148             1,148
   Exchange realignment                                     (125)          (13,231)            (2,023)          (15,379)
   As at 31 December 2019 and
     1 January 2020                                        7,070          747,713            112,825            867,608
   Addition                                                    –                 –             49,560            49,560
   Exchange realignment                                     419            44,389               9,409            54,217
   As at 31 December 2020                                  7,489          792,102            171,794            971,385
   Accumulated amortisation and
     impairment loss
   As at 1 January 2019                                    1,289                 –             64,552            65,841
   Provided for the year                                    358                  –              7,947             8,305
   Exchange realignment                                      (27)                –             (1,234)            (1,261)
   As at 31 December 2019 and
     1 January 2020                                        1,620                 –             71,265            72,885
   Provided for the year                                    355                  –             11,305            11,660
   Exchange realignment                                     113                  –              4,884             4,997
   As at 31 December 2020                                  2,088                 –             87,454            89,542
   Net carrying amounts
   As at 31 December 2020                                 5,401          792,102              84,340           881,843

   As at 31 December 2019                                  5,450          747,713              41,560           794,723


   The economic useful life of recognised intangible assets are as follows:


   Intangible assets                                                                               Economic useful life
   Pharmaceutical technology                                                                                     20 years
   Acquired patent rights                                                                                5 years–7 years
   Patents, trademarks and capitalised development cost                                            indefinite useful lives

   The patents and trademarks will expire in the coming two to five years and subject to renewal. The directors of
   the Company are not aware of any expected impediment with respect to the renewal of the patents and
   trademarks and consider that the possibility of failing in renewal is remote and the patents and trademarks will
   generate net cash flows for the Group for an indefinite period. Therefore, the patents and trademarks are
   treated as having an indefinite useful life.

                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020      173
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




23. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
     The carrying amount of intangible assets were allocated to CGU as follow:


                                                                                            2020          2019
                                                                                         HK$’000      HK$’000


     Jiuhe                                                                               533,740       503,830
     Tianjin Jingming                                                                      55,590       52,474
     Xi’an Beilin                                                                        202,772       191,409
                                                                                         792,102       747,713


     For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill, patents and trademarks above have been allocated to the
     acquired cash generating units, details of impairment assessment was set out in note 21. During the years
     ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, the management of the Group determines that there is no impairment
     need of any of its CGUs containing goodwill, patents and trademarks.


24. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS
     The following are the major deferred tax assets recognised and the movements thereof during the current and
     prior years:


                                                                                      Impairment
                                                                                     loss on trade
                                                                             ECL        and other
                                                                      provision       receivables        Total
                                                                       HK$’000            HK$’000     HK$’000


     As at 1 January 2019                                                13,111              1,179      14,290
     Charge to profit or loss                                               7,087           (1,175)      5,912
     Exchange realignment                                                    (326)              (4)       (330)
     As at 31 December 2019 and 1 January 2020                           19,872                  –      19,872
     Charge to profit or loss                                               3,898                –       3,898
     Exchange realignment                                                   1,392                –       1,392
     As at 31 December 2020                                             25,162                   –     25,162


     As at 31 December 2020, the Group has unused tax losses of approximately HK$213,821,000 (2019:
     HK$166,161,000) available to offset against future profits. No deferred tax assets have been recognised in
     respect of the remaining tax losses of approximately HK$213,821,000 (2019: HK$166,161,000) due to the
     unpredictability of future profit streams.




174 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2020




25. PREPAYMENTS
   The amount represented prepayment of AUD25,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$193,762,000) and
   RMB82,556,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$97,832,000) (2019: RMB87,106,000 (equivalent to
   approximately HK$97,439,000)) paid to certain third party pharmaceutical institutes located in the PRC and
   Australia (2019: PRC) for the acquisition of certain technical knowhow for certain medication pursuant to
   agreements entered into between the Group and those pharmaceutical institutes.


26. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                                              2020                  2019
                                                                                                         HK$’000                HK$’000


   Listed equity security in HK (note (a))                                                                  34,999                38,332
   Listed equity security in Australia (note (a))                                                         462,067                       –
   Investment at fair value (note (b))                                                                      23,701                33,559
                                                                                                          520,767                 71,891


   Notes:

   (a)    Fair value was determined with reference to quoted market bid prices.

   (b)    As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Group’s investment in wealth management products were designed at financial assets
          at fair value through profit or loss of which fair values are determined by reference to the quoted market bid prices available on
          the relevant PRC market.


   The financial assets at fair value through profit or loss were classified as level 1 of fair value hierarchy.


27. INVENTORIES
                                                                                                              2020                  2019
                                                                                                         HK$’000                HK$’000


   Raw materials                                                                                          249,803               146,785
   Work-in-progress                                                                                       364,484               350,371
   Finished goods                                                                                         341,027               317,217
                                                                                                          955,314               814,373




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020         175
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




28. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                            2020              2019
                                                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000


     Trade receivables, net                                                              815,265           897,991
     Bills receivables                                                                   692,807           497,866
     Prepayments                                                                         259,157           194,292
     Deposits paid                                                                               –              469
     Other tax receivables                                                                47,334             38,524
     Other receivables, net                                                               79,597             69,666
                                                                                       1,894,160          1,698,808


     The Group generally allows a credit period of 30–180 days (2019: 30–180 days) to its trade customers. The
     Group does not hold any collaterals over the trade and other receivables. The following is an aged analysis of
     trade receivables presented based on the invoice date at the reporting date. The bills receivables were all with
     maturity within 180 days from the reporting date.


                                                                                            2020              2019
                                                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000


     Trade receivables                                                                   922,892           998,185
     Less: allowance for ECL                                                            (107,627)          (100,194)
     Total trade receivables                                                             815,265           897,991


     The ageing analysis of the trade receivables is as follows:


                                                                                            2020              2019
                                                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000


     Within 90 days                                                                      631,810           773,517
     91–180 days                                                                         106,230             84,724
     181–365 days                                                                         77,225             39,750
                                                                                         815,265           897,991


                                                                                            2020              2019
                                                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000


     Other receivables                                                                   122,850           102,368
     Less: allowance for ECL                                                              (43,253)          (32,702)
     Total other receivables                                                              79,597             69,666




176 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2020




28. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
   Allowance for ECL in respect of trade and other receivables are recorded using an allowance account unless
   the Group is satisfied that recovery of the amount is remote, in which case the impairment loss is written off
   against trade and other receivable balances directly.


   The Group does not hold any collated or other credit enhancement over its trade and other receivables
   balances. Trade and other receivables are non-interest bearing.


   The Directors considered that the residual amounts of trade and other receivables are fully recoverable and no
   provision for impairment.


29. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS
                                                                                          2020              2019
                                                                                      HK$’000            HK$’000


   Cash in banks                                                                     1,836,692         1,059,248
   Cash on hand                                                                                3               21
                                                                                     1,836,695         1,059,269


   At the end of the reporting period, cash and cash equivalents comprise of the followings:


                                                                                          2020              2019
                                                                                      HK$’000            HK$’000


   HK$                                                                                  87,938               165
   USD                                                                                  38,547            36,801
   Australian dollars (the “AUD”)                                                          451                 33
   Euro dollars (the “EURO”)                                                             2,412              2,201
   RMB                                                                               1,707,347         1,020,069
                                                                                     1,836,695         1,059,269


   As at 31 December 2020, bank deposits of approximately HK$30,910,000 (2019: HK$121,285,000) are pledged
   as collateral for bills payables and bank borrowings respectively.


   As at 31 December 2020, the annual effective interest rate on pledged bank deposits is 1.14% (2019: 1.18%).


   The remittance of cash and cash equivalents denominated in RMB out of the PRC is subject to the foreign
   exchange control restrictions imposed by the government of the PRC.




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020    177
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




30. EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
    INCOME
                                                                                                               2020                 2019
                                                                                                          HK$’000               HK$’000


     Unlisted securities:
           — Unlisted equity securities (note)                                                             171,164                95,025


     Note:

     As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the fair value of the unlisted equity securities was arrived on the basis of valuations carried out by
     an independent professional valuer, details of movements are set out in note 5(b)(vi).


31. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                               2020                 2019
                                                                                                          HK$’000               HK$’000


     Trade payables                                                                                        400,142               355,171
     Bills payables                                                                                        262,346               479,122
     Accruals and other payables                                                                        1,321,868             1,131,307
     Other tax payables                                                                                    155,096                60,596
     Total                                                                                              2,139,452             2,026,196

     Contract liabilities (note a)                                                                         269,049               305,558


     Note:

     (a)      Contract liabilities in relation to sales of finished goods are expected to be settled within one year. The entire amount of
              contract liabilities as at 1 January 2020 is all recognised as revenue during current year.


     The following is an aged analysis of trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the end of the
     reporting period.


                                                                                                               2020                 2019
                                                                                                          HK$’000               HK$’000


     Within 90 days                                                                                        237,868               237,118
     Over 90 days                                                                                          162,274               118,053
                                                                                                           400,142               355,171


     The average credit period on purchases of goods is 90 days.


     The bills payables are mature within 180 days from the end of the reporting period.



178 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2020




32. BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS
                                                                                        2020              2019
                                                                                    HK$’000            HK$’000


  Bank borrowings (secured)                                                        2,345,686         2,010,162
  Other borrowing (unsecured)                                                         21,330            20,135
                                                                                   2,367,016         2,030,297

  Carrying amount repayable:
  On demand or within one year                                                     1,568,454           967,607


  More than one year but not exceeding two years                                     212,355           824,983
  More than two years but not more than five years                                   586,207           237,707
                                                                                     798,562         1,062,690
                                                                                   2,367,016         2,030,297


  As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, certain bank loans are guaranteed by China Grand Enterprises
  Incorporation, a related company with common controlling shareholder of the Company, and secured by the
  plant and machinery, buildings, right-of-use assets and pledged bank deposits of the Group in the PRC as
  detailed in note 42.


  On 21 August 2020, the Group has borrowed secured bank borrowings of HK$700,000,000 that were charged at
  fixed interest rate of 1.4% plus HIBOR, except that all other bank loans and other borrowings of the Group are
  denominated in RMB.


  As at 31 December 2019, all other bank loans and other borrowings of the Group are denominated in RMB.


  As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the bank loans are granted by banks in the PRC and Hong Kong.


  Except for the bank loans of approximately HK$1,199,842,000 (2019: HK$1,221,534,000) that were charged at
  fixed interest rate of 2.60% to 6.89% (2019: 2.92% to 6.89%) per annum, all other bank loans bear variable
  interest rates from 2.85% to 6.09% (2019: 4.74% to 5.23%) per annum.


  The Group has borrowed unsecured other borrowings of approximately HK$21,330,000 (2019: HK$20,135,000)
  from Huangshi Zhongbang City Housing Investment Co., Ltd, independent third party, during the years ended
  31 December 2020 and 2019.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2020    179
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




33. LEASE LIABILITIES
     The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities of the Group’s lease liabilities at the current
     reporting periods and at the date of transition of HKFRS 16:


                                                                 As at                           As at
                                                         31 December 2020                 31 December 2019
                                                          Present                         Present
                                                     value of the           Total     value of the            Total
                                                        minimum          minimum         minimum          minimum
                                                             lease          lease            lease            lease
                                                        payments         payments       payments         payments
                                                         HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000


     Within 1 year                                          6,200           7,589          22,621            24,833
     After 1 year but within 2 years                        4,959           5,966            3,376            4,181
     After 2 years but within 5 years                       6,594           7,755            4,283            5,330
     After 5 years                                          3,609           5,343            4,269            6,170
                                                           15,162          19,064          11,928            15,681
                                                           21,362          26,653          34,549            40,514

     Less: total future interest expenses                                  (5,291)                           (5,965)
     Present value of lease obligations                                    21,362                            34,549


     Analysed for reporting purposes as:


                                                                                            As at             As at
                                                                                     31 December      31 December
                                                                                             2020              2019
                                                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000


     Current liabilities                                                                    6,200            22,621
     Non-current liabilities                                                               15,162            11,928
                                                                                           21,362            34,549


     The carrying amount of the lease liabilities approximate their fair value. As at 31 December 2020, the Group has
     leased property, plant and equipment under lease liabilities with net book value of approximately
     HK$149,624,000.




180 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2020




34. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/(TO) RELATED COMPANIES
   Details of amounts due from related companies are as follows:


                                                                                                 Balance at 31 December

   Name of related companies (note (a)):                                                                 2020                2019
                                                                                                    HK$’000              HK$’000


   Amounts due from related companies under common control of
         members of the shareholder of the Group
         Baoding Jiufu Biochemical Company Limited                                                    28,900               28,607
         Jiangsu Grand Xinyi Pharmaceutical Company Limited                                           14,944               20,360
         Huadong Medicine Co. Ltd                                                                       1,481               3,879
         Guangdong Leiyunshang Pharmaceutical Company Limited                                             816                 755
         Henan Grand Biologic Pharmaceutical Inc.                                                            –                373
         Huadong Medicine Company Limited, Medicine Branch                                                213                 201
         Huadong Medicine(Lishui) Company Limited                                                           93                 87
         Shenyang Yaoda Leiyunshang Pharmaceutial Company Limited                                           45                 42
         Huadong Medicine (Xi’An) Bohua Pharmaceutical Company Limited                                    124                  22
         Grand Bay Hotel Beijing                                                                            19                   –
         Hangzhou Grand Biologic Pharmaceutical Inc                                                       123                    –
                                                                                                      46,758               54,326
   Less: allowance for ECL                                                                           (11,322)              (3,629)
                                                                                                      35,436               50,697


   Note:

   (a)      The name of related companies are English translation of Chinese name or words which included for identification purpose
            only and should not be regarded as the official English name or official translation of such Chinese name or words.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2020       181
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




34. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/(TO) RELATED COMPANIES (Continued)
     Details of impairment assessment as at 31 December 2020 are set out in note 5(b)(iv).


     The Group had policy regarding impairment losses on amounts due from related parties which was based on
     the evaluation of collectability and on the management’s judgement including the current creditworthiness and
     the past collection history of each related party.


     Members of the shareholder of the Group have controlling interests over the related companies.


     The amounts due from/(to) related companies are unsecured, interest-free and recoverable/repayable on
     demand.


35. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES
     The followings are the major deferred tax liabilities recognised and movements thereof during the current and
     prior years:


                                                                   Property,
                                                                   plant and
                                                                  equipment
                                                                        and
                                                 Intangible right-of-use        Investment Convertible
                                                     assets           assets    properties      bonds         Total
                                                   HK$’000          HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000


     As at 1 January 2019                           133,638           33,773         9,428       2,173     179,012
     Credited to profit or loss (note 11)                 (483)       (1,807)            –       (1,685)     (3,975)
     Credited to equity                                      –             –             –        (488)        (488)
     Exchange realignment                             (2,317)           (562)         (164)           –      (3,043)
     As at 31 December 2019
        and 1 January 2020                          130,838           31,404         9,264            –    171,506
     Charged/(credited) to profit or loss
        (note 11)                                         (655)       (1,784)        2,236            –        (203)
     Exchange realignment                             8,131            1,795          650             –      10,576
     As at 31 December 2020                        138,314           31,415        12,150             –    181,879


     Under the EIT Law of the PRC, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned by
     the PRC subsidiaries from 1 January 2008 onwards. Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the
     consolidated financial statements in respect of temporary differences attributable to accumulated profits of the
     PRC subsidiaries amounting to approximately HK$349,296,000 (2019: approximately HK$272,677,000) as the
     Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the
     temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.




182 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2020




36. AMOUNT DUE TO THE IMMEDIATE HOLDING COMPANY
   As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the amount is unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.


37. DEFERRED INCOME
   The movement of deferred income is set out below:


                                                                                                                             HK$’000


   As at 1 January 2019                                                                                                       595,894
   Compensation received during the year (notes (b) and (c))                                                                   22,615
   Credit to profit or loss                                                                                                  (142,001)
   Exchange realignment                                                                                                         (9,895)
   As at 31 December 2019 and 1 January 2020                                                                                  466,613
   Compensation received during the year (note (b) and (d))                                                                    14,853
   Credit to profit or loss                                                                                                  (163,504)
   Exchange realignment                                                                                                        23,644
   As at 31 December 2020                                                                                                   341,606


   Notes:

   (a)    On 5 February 2010, Grand Pharm (China) received a notice from Wuhan Municipal Government requesting it to relocate its
          existing production facilities to other places. According to the required land resumption procedures, Grand Pharm (China)
          submitted to the relevant municipal authorities an application for resumption of state-owned land use rights on 10 November
          2010. Pursuant to the submission by Grand Pharm (China), the Land Reserve Centre had agreed to resume the land and
          buildings, structure and attachments (including immovable plant and equipment) located thereon and thereunder at the place
          where the production facilities of Grand Pharm (China) are situated (the “PRC Property”).

          On 25 November 2010, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with the Land Reserve Centre (the “Agreement”)
          which provides for detailed provisions as to Grand Pharm (China)’s agreement to surrender the PRC Property to the Land
          Reserve Centre and to relocate its production facilities to other locations and the Land Reserve Centre’s agreement to
          compensate for the resumption of the PRC Property and the relocation of the production facilities by Grand Pharm (China) (the
          “Relocation”). The compensation, as mutually agreed between Grand Pharm (China) and the Land Reserve Centre, amounts to
          RMB855,000,000 (the “Compensation”) and will be settled by instalments in the way as further detailed below.

          Pursuant to the Agreement, the Compensation for the Relocation of RMB855,000,000 is comprising (i) a relocation
          commencement fee of RMB100,000,000; (ii) compensation for loss of profits of RMB85,500,000; and (iii) other compensation of
          RMB669,500,000, which shall be payable by the Land Reserve Centre to Grand Pharm (China) as follows:

          (i)    RMB171,000,000, which includes the relocation commencement fee of RMB100,000,000 (equivalent to approximately
                 HK$114,943,000), is payable within 30 working days from the effective date of the Agreement (the “First Instalment”).
                 This amount was received by Grand Pharm (China) during the year ended 31 December 2010 upon the fulfillment of
                 certain conditions by the Group, which includes the procurement and provision of documents necessary for the initiation
                 of the Relocation. The remaining amount of RMB71,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$83,529,000) was also
                 received by Grand Pharm (China) during the year ended 31 December 2010.

          (ii)   RMB85,500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$105,329,000), is payable within 30 working days upon completion of the
                 responsibilities of Grand Pharm (China) as stated in Clauses 11(1)(i) and (ii) of the Agreement, which include, among
                 other things, the surrender of all relevant documents in respect of the PRC Property to the Land Reserve Centre for
                 deregistering the title to land within 15 days after the effective date of the Agreement, and the commencement of the
                 relocation plan and construction of production facilities at the new location(s) (the “Second Payment”). This amount was
                 received by Grand Pharm (China) during the year ended 31 December 2011.


                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020        183
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




37. DEFERRED INCOME (Continued)
     Notes: (Continued)

     (a)   (Continued)

           (iii)   RMB427,500,000, being 50% of the Compensation, is payable commencing from the completion of the Second Payment,
                   by semi-annual instalments of RMB85,500,000 each, and shall pay within 30 days of the last month of each instalment
                   period until completion of the payment for the last instalment or until completion of relocation and delivery of vacant
                   possession of the PRC Property to the Land Reserve Centre by Grand Pharm (China) (in which case the instalment
                   payments will be consolidated or accelerated), whichever is earlier. During the year ended 31 December 2011 and 2013,
                   RMB85,500,000 and RMB283,500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$105,330,000 and HK$357,580,000) were received
                   by Grand Pharm (China) respectively. During the year ended 31 December 2014, RMB58,500,000 (equivalent to
                   approximately HK$73,629,000) was received by Grand Pharm (China).

           (iv)    the last instalment of RMB171,000,000 is payable within 30 days upon completion of relocation and delivery of vacant
                   possession of the PRC Property to the Land Reserve Centre by Grand Pharm (China) and the receipt of all title
                   documents in respect of the PRC Property by the Land Reserve Centre from Grand Pharm (China). During the year ended
                   31 December 2014, RMB171,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$215,219,000) was received by Grand Pharm
                   (China).

           The Compensation received or which becomes receivable is initially recognised as deferred income and subsequently
           recognised as income in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group recognises as expenses the
           related costs for which the Compensation is intended to compensate. The Compensation which is intended for expenses of
           losses already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the entity with no future related costs is
           recognised in profit or loss of the period in which it is received or becomes receivable.

           The relocation commencement fee of RMB100,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$114,943,000), being part of the First
           Instalment, was received by Grand Pharm (China) upon the fulfillment of certain conditions by the Group, which included the
           procurement and provision of documents necessary for the initiation of the Relocation. The relocation commencement fee was
           recognised in the profit for the year ended 31 December 2010 upon the fulfillment of the aforesaid conditions by the Group.

           The remaining part of the Compensation of RMB755,000,000 is intended to compensate the Group for (i) loss of profit as to the
           amount of RMB85,500,000 and (ii) the cost of removing the production facilities, the cost of establishing new production
           facilities in other places and the estimated future appreciation in value of the land as included in the PRC Property and other
           related expenses. The Compensation related to depreciable assets is recognised in profit or loss over the periods and in the
           proportion in which depreciation expense on those assets is recognised. The Compensation related to the loss of profits and
           expenses of removing the production facilities is recognised in profit or loss in the same period as the recognition of the
           relevant loss or expenses. In the event that the relevant loss or expenses are unable to be identified, the recognition of the
           related part of the Compensation to profit or loss will be deferred until the completion of the Relocation. During the years
           ended 31 December 2010 and 2011, the Group has received part of the Compensation of RMB71,000,000 (equivalent to
           approximately HK$83,529,000) and RMB171,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$210,659,000) respectively. During the
           years ended 31 December 2012, the Group did not receive any Compensation. During the years ended 31 December 2013 and
           2014, the Group has received part of Compensation of RMB283,500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$357,580,000) and
           RMB229,500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$288,848,000) respectively.

           During the year ended 31 December 2019, Grand Pharm (China) received one of the construction completion reports to verify
           partially the completion of the Relocation. Therefore, during the year ended 31 December 2019 and 2020 the Group
           recognised approximately RMB21,721,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$24,639,000) related to depreciable assets over their
           useful life and approximately RMB103,272,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$117,147,000) in regards to relevant loss or
           expenses which were unable to identified and deferred until completion of the Relocation.

           During the year ended 31 December 2020, Wuhan Wuyao received one of the construction completion reports to verify
           partially the completion of the Relocation. Therefore, the Group recognised approximately RMB20,464,000 (equivalent to
           approximately HK$22,994,000) related to depreciable assets over their useful life and approximately RMB101,910,000
           (equivalent to approximately HK$114,509,000) in regards to relevant loss or expenses which were unable to identified and
           deferred until completion of the Relocation.




184 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2020




37. DEFERRED INCOME (Continued)
   Notes: (Continued)

   (b)    On 18 January 2018, Wuhan Kernel entered into an agreement with The People’s Government of Xiantao which provides for
          detailed provisions as to promote economic development of Xiantao and expand its operation scale. The compensation, as
          mutually agreed between Wuhan Kernel and The People’s Government of Xiantao, amounts to RMB18,936,900 (equivalent to
          approximately HK$21,481,000). The acquisition of land right use was finished at 29 July 2019, the Company achieve the
          consideration and obtain the approval from the PRC Government. The compensation was recognised in the statement of profit
          or loss started from 31 December 2019 based on 50 years useful lives of the land use right.

          During the year ended 31 December 2020, the compensation, as mutually agreed between Wuhan Kernel and The People’s
          Government of Xiantao, amounts to RMB1,108,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$1,245,000). The compensation was
          recognised in the statement of profit or loss started from 31 December 2020 based on remaining years of useful lives of the
          land use right.

   (c)    On 20 September 2019, Jiuhe entered into an agreement with Beijing Fangshan District Association for Science and
          Technology which provides for research and development expenditure allowance, amounting to RMB1,000,000 (equivalent to
          approximately HK$1,134,000). As at 31 December 2019, the Company did not achieve all consideration and obtain the approval
          from the PRC Government.

   (d)    On 20 September 2019, Wuhan Wuyao entered into an agreement with The People’s Government of Xiantao which provides
          for land bidding. The compensation, as mutually agreed between Wuhan Wuyao and The People’s Government of Xiantao,
          amounts to RMB12,111,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$13,608,000). The acquisition of land right use was finished at 29
          May 2020, the Company achieve the consideration and obtain the approval from the PRC Government. The compensation was
          recognised in the statement of profit or loss started from 31 December 2020 over useful lives of the land right use.


38. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                            Number of shares at                        Share capital at
                                                       31 December         31 December        31 December          31 December
                                                                 2020                 2019               2020                 2019
                                                                  ’000                ’000          HK$’000              HK$’000


   Authorised
   Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each                      100,000,000          100,000,000           1,000,000            1,000,000

   Issued and fully paid
   As at 1 January 2020 and 2019                           3,377,571            3,134,825             33,776                31,348
   Exercise of convertible bond (note (a))                            –           222,222                     –              2,222
   Issued under subscription (note (b))                      172,000                20,524              1,720                  206
   As at 31 December 2020 and 2019                         3,549,571           3,377,571              35,496              33,776


   Notes:

   (a)    On 3 June 2019, the Company issued of ordinary shares to the convertible bond holder of 222,222,222 shares of par value
          HK$0.01 as a result of the conversion of bond with principal amount of HK$300,000,000.

   (b)    On 10 August 2020, the Company placed to placing agent of 172,000,000 shares of par value HK$0.01 each at placing price of
          HK$5.90 for total consideration. The net proceeds from the placing, after deducting the placing commission and the related
          fees and expenses, amount to approximately HK$1,013,600,000. The proceeds mainly be used in research and development
          projects, expansion of research team and investment in technology.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2020        185
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




39. ACQUISITION OF ASSETS
     During the year ended 31 December 2019, Grand Pharm (China), a subsidiary of the Company, entered into
     sale and purchase agreements with 北京瑞雅科國際企業管理有限公司 to acquire 100% equity interest in Beijing
     Kun Wu.


     Beijing Kun Wu was holding construction in progress (“CIP”) and land right use in PRC and as at the date of
     acquisition, Beijing Kun Wu did not carry out any significant business transactions except for holding CIP and
     land night use in PRC.


     The above acquisitions in respect of Beijing Kun Wu has been accounted for by the Group as acquisition of
     assets as the entities acquired by the Group do not constitute a business.


     Pursuant to the relevant sale and purchase agreements in respect of the acquisition of Beijing Kun Wu, the
     aggregate consideration for Beijing Kun Wu was adjusted to RMB18,000,000 (equivalent to approximately
     HK$20,633,000) based on the net asset values of Beijing Kun Wu as at 1 May 2019 (date of acquisition). The net
     assets acquired by the Group in the above transactions are as follows:


                                                                                                             2019
                                                                                                         HK$’000


     Fair value of net assets acquired:
     Property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                                               25,645
     Right-of-use assets (note 17)                                                                         31,224
     Bank balances                                                                                             14
     Trade and other payables                                                                             (36,250)
                                                                                                           20,633

     Satisfied by:
     Cash                                                                                                  20,633


     An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisition of the entity is as follows:


                                                                                                             2019
                                                                                                         HK$’000


     Cash consideration                                                                                    20,633
     Bank balances acquired                                                                                   (14)
     Net cash outflow in respect of the acquisition of a subsidiary that are not constitute business       20,619




186 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2020




40. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                        2020              2019
                                                                                    HK$’000            HK$’000


   Non-current assets
     Interests in associates                                                      3,000,238          2,977,123
     Interests in subsidiaries                                                    3,736,972          2,973,454
     Right-of-use assets                                                               3,776               490
     Loan receivables                                                               113,959                   –
                                                                                  6,854,945          5,951,067
   Current assets
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                            34,999            38,332
     Loan receivables                                                                 45,676                  –
     Other receivables                                                                 7,066              1,403
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                        98,706            26,573
                                                                                    186,447             66,308
   Current liabilities
     Lease liabilities                                                                 1,594               383
     Financial guarantee                                                                    29                –
     Other payables                                                                    4,205            16,839
                                                                                       5,828            17,222
   Net current assets                                                               180,619             49,086
   Total assets less current liabilities                                          7,035,564          6,000,153
   Non-current liabilities
     Amount due to the immediate holding company                                       2,331              3,402
     Financial guarantee                                                                   427                –
     Lease liabilities                                                                 2,102                  –
                                                                                       4,860              3,402
   Net assets                                                                     7,030,704          5,996,751

   Capital and reserves attributable to owners of the Company
     Share capital                                                                    35,496            33,776
     Reserves                                                                     6,995,208          5,962,975
   Total equity                                                                   7,030,704          5,996,751


   The financial statement was approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors of the Company on 17
   March 2021 and are signed on its behalf by:




                         Liu Chengwei                                          Shao Yan
                             Director                                           Director


                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2020     187
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




40. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE OF THE COMPANY
     (Continued)

     Profit and total comprehensive
                                                                                      Convertible
                                                         Share     Contributed              Bonds          Retained
                                                     premium             surplus           reserve         earnings              Total
                                                      HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000


     As at 1 January 2019                            5,052,102           121,273            65,979           293,905         5,533,259
     Profit and total comprehensive profit
       for the year                                           –                 –                 –          327,161           327,161
     Total comprehensive profit for the year                  –                 –                 –          327,161           327,161


     Conversion of convertible bond                    356,594                  –                 –                 –          356,594
     Issue under subscription                          102,411                  –                 –                 –          102,411
     Equity components of convertible bond                    –                 –          (65,979)                 –          (65,979)
     Dividend paid (note 13)                                  –                 –                 –         (290,471)         (290,471)
     As at 31 December 2019
       and 1 January 2020                            5,511,107           121,273                  –          330,595         5,962,975
     Profit and total comprehensive profit
       for the year                                           –                 –                 –          344,536           344,536
     Total comprehensive profit for the year                  –                 –                 –          344,536           344,536


     Issue under subscription                        1,011,942                  –                 –                 –        1,011,942
     Dividend paid (note 13)                                  –                 –                 –         (324,245)         (324,245)
     As at 31 December 2020                         6,523,049           121,273                   –         350,886        6,995,208


     Note: Under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda (as amended), no dividend shall be paid or distribution be made out of contributed
           surplus if to do so would render the Company unable to pay its liabilities as they become due or the realisable value of its
           assets would thereby become less than the aggregate of its liabilities and its issued share capital and share premium account.




188 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2020




41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   (a)    In addition to the balances with associates as disclosed in note 20, related companies as disclosed in note
          34 and immediate holding company as disclosed in note 36 during the years ended 31 December 2020
          and 2019, the Group entered into following transactions with its related parties:

                                                                                                            2020             2019
                                                                                                         HK$’000          HK$’000


          Interest charged to the Group by immediate holding company
            (note (i), note 10)                                                                                –                21
          Sales of goods to Yangxin Fuxin (note (ii))                                                      3,423             2,861
          Purchases of goods from Yangxin Fuxin (note (ii))                                               15,297            15,125

          Sales of goods to the companies with common controlling shareholder:
            Huadong Medicine Co. Ltd and its related companies (note (iii))                              116,469           145,941
            中國遠大集團有限責任公司 and its related companies
             (unofficially translated as “China Grand Enterprises
             Incorporation” (note (iii))                                                                   2,875              4,838

          Purchase of goods from the companies with common controlling
            shareholder:
            Baoding Jiufu Biochemical Company Limited (note (iv))                                         20,190            11,406

          Processing services from the companies with common controlling
            shareholder:
            Baoding Jiufu Biochemical Company Limited (note (iv))                                          1,332                   –

          Notes:

          (i)     Interest was charged on an amount due to the immediate holding company as disclosed in note 36.

          (ii)    Transactions were conducted with terms mutually agreed with the contracting parties.

          (iii)   The transactions constitute continuously connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Please also
                  refer to “Continuing Connected Transactions” under “Report of the Directors”.

          (iv)    The transactions are connected transaction in 2020 and continuously connected transaction in 2020 respectively under
                  Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

   (b)    Details of the financial guarantee given by China Grand Enterprises Incorporation to banks in respect of
          the loans granted to the Group as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 are set out in note 32.

   (c)    Compensation of key management personnel

          The remuneration of directors and other members of key management during the year was as follows:


                                                                                                            2020             2019
                                                                                                         HK$’000          HK$’000


          Short-term benefits                                                                              7,165              9,446
          Post-employment benefits                                                                           228                 90
                                                                                                           7,393              9,536


          The remuneration of directors and key executives is determined by the board of directors having regard
          to the performance of individuals and market trends.


                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020    189
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




42. PLEDGE OF ASSETS
     The Group has pledged the following assets to secure the bank borrowings and banking facilities granted to
     the Group:


                                                                                           2020              2019
                                                                                        HK$’000          HK$’000


     Right-of-use assets (note 17)                                                              –          20,380
     Buildings (note 16)                                                                     136          121,450
     Plant and machinery (note 16)                                                              –         146,057
     Interests in subsidiary                                                             86,085                   –
     Pledged bank deposits (note 29)                                                     30,910           121,285
                                                                                        117,131           409,172


43. COMMITMENTS
     (a) Operating lease commitment
           The Group as lessor
           The Group leases out certain of its office premises under operating lease arrangement. The rental income
           earned during the year was approximately HK$736,000 (2019: HK$504,000). The Group had future
           minimum lease receipts from tenants under non-cancellable operating lease which fall due as follows:


                                                                                           2020              2019
                                                                                        HK$’000          HK$’000


           Within one year                                                                    67              393
           In the second to fifth year inclusive                                              52              126


                                                                                             119              519


     (b) Capital commitment

                                                                                           2020              2019
                                                                                        HK$’000          HK$’000


           Capital expenditure contracted but not provided for:
             Acquisition of property, plant and equipment                               108,699             7,654




190 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2020




44. RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES
   The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefits scheme (the “MPF
   Scheme”) under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance. Under the MPF Scheme,
   employees are required to contribute 5% of their monthly salaries or up to a maximum of HK$1,500 (2019:
   HK$1,500) and they can choose to make additional contributions. Employers’ monthly contributions are
   calculated at 5% of the employee’s monthly salaries or up to a maximum of HK$1,500 (2019: HK$1,500) (the
   “mandatory contributions”). Employees are entitled to 100% of the employer’s mandatory contributions upon
   their retirement at the age of 65, death or total incapacity.


   Employees of the subsidiaries and an associate in the PRC are members of the state-sponsored pension
   scheme operated by the PRC government. The subsidiaries and an associate were required to contribute a
   certain percentage of the payroll of their staff to the pension scheme to fund the benefits. The only obligation
   of the Group with respect to the pension scheme is to make the required contributions.


   There were no forfeited contributions utilised to offset employers’ contributions for the year. And at the end of
   the reporting period, there was no forfeited contribution available to reduce the contributions payable in the
   future years.


   The total costs charged to profit or loss of approximately HK$12,603,000 (2019: HK$61,196,000) represents
   contributions payable to these schemes by the Group in respect of the current accounting period.




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020    191
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




45. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
     The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash
     and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flow were, or future
     cashflows will be classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows from financing activities.


                                        Amount
                                      due to the
                                      immediate                                               Bank and
                                        holding          Bond Convertible           Lease         other
                                       company       payables         bonds      liabilities borrowings            Total
                                        HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000


     As at 1 January 2019                 17,603       113,562       284,725       78,643      2,154,838     2,649,371
     Accrued interest                         21         5,988        11,909        6,796       121,788       146,502
     Financing cash outflows paid        (14,090)     (113,436)             –      (58,798)   (1,749,903)   (1,936,227)
     Interest paid                           (21)                –          –       (6,796)     (121,788)     (128,605)
     Interest payable                          –         (5,709)       (3,797)           –             –           (9,506)
     New leases entered                        –                 –          –      15,595              –       15,595
     Financing cash inflows                    –                 –          –            –     1,631,508     1,631,508
     Non-cash changes                          –                 –   (292,837)           –             –      (292,837)
     Exchange realignment                   (111)         (405)             –         (891)       (6,146)          (7,553)
     As at 31 December 2019 and
        1 January 2020                     3,402                 –          –      34,549      2,030,297     2,068,248
     Accrued interest                          –                 –          –       2,544       112,877       115,421
     Financing cash outflows paid         (1,207)                –          –      (24,427)   (1,900,619)   (1,926,253)
     Interest paid                             –                 –          –       (2,544)     (112,877)     (115,421)
     New leases entered                        –                 –          –      10,172              –       10,172
     Financing cash inflows                    –                 –          –            –     2,141,875     2,141,875
     Exchange realignment                    136                 –          –       1,068        95,463        96,667
     As at 31 December 2020               2,331                  –          –      21,362     2,367,016     2,390,709




192 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020




46. LITIGATION
   With reference to the disclosure in the 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019 annual report of the Company, Tianjin
   Jingming New Technology Development Co., Ltd. (the “Tianjin Jingming”), an indirect non-wholly owned
   subsidiary of the Company, is undertaking certain litigations related to a product quality incident, and it is also
   claiming the original shareholders of the Tianjin Jingming for the indemnification of those possible loss suffered
   by the Company. Up to 31 December 2020, the court has concluded 51 cases, and Tianjin Jingming has
   appealed 4 cases against the judgement of first instance with aggregate compensation of approximately
   RMB3.15 million. Among the final and effective judgements, Tianjin Jingming has paid the compensation and
   the related legal charges of approximately RMB24.90 million in according to the court order. The other related
   litigations of the product quality incident have not yet been concluded. Given that (1) such product is not the
   core product of the Group, and (2) according to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin
   Jingming, the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming should be responsible for the compensation of such
   product incident until 30 June 2015, and Grand Pharm (China) had claimed the original shareholders of the
   Tianjin Jingming for the indemnification of those possible loss suffered. According to the final judgment by the
   court, the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming should compensate to us approximately RMB8.09 million as
   the existing compensate and liquidated damages at the point of raising litigation. Grand Pharm (China) also
   has the right to raise litigation claiming the original shareholders of the Tianjin Jingming for the indemnification
   related to such product quality incident made by Tianjin Jingming in the future, the Directors therefore are of
   the view that the said incident and the related litigations do not have material impact to the Group.


   According to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the vendors have undertaken
   to the Group that the net profit after tax (the “Actual Profit”) from domestic sales (only include the net profit
   generated from domestic sales and shall not include the profit generated from the sales of irrigating solutions
   (灌注液)) of Tianjin Jingming for the period commencing on 1 January 2015 and ending on 30 June 2015 shall
   not be less than RMB5 million (the “Performance Guarantee”). If the above Performance Guarantee cannot be
   met, the Group can claim for a refund of part of the consideration in according to the formula set out in the
   announcement of the Company dated 22 December 2014. The Group was in a litigation against those vendors
   in related to the said Performance Guarantee, and after the first trial, second trial and retrial from the court, the
   court granted the final judgement in December 2020. It is concluded that the Group can get back the RMB10
   million share transfer consideration currently deposited in the bank account jointly controlled by the Group and
   the vendors. The vendors should also additionally refund approximately RMB11.2 million share transfer
   consideration to the Group in according to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming.
   Up to the date of this report, the Group has followed the judgement from the court and get back the RMB10
   million deposited in the bank account jointly controlled by the Group and the vendors.


   In June 2016, the Group has successfully applied to the court to freeze RMB20,000,000 (equivalent to
   approximately HK$22,414,000) assets of the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming, an indirect non-wholly
   owned subsidiary of the Company since January 2015 in order to secure the Group’s pending responsibilities
   regarding certain litigations related to an incident as stated in a press release issued by the China National
   Food and Drug Administration (the “NMPA”) on 14 April 2016, which is about a product quality incident related
   to some Ophthalmic Perfluoro propane Gases produced by Tianjin Jingming. According to the terms of the
   sales and purchase agreement in relation to the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the original shareholders of
   Tianjin Jingming should be responsible for such product incident. The Group is claiming them for their
   responsibilities and also indemnified those related losses suffered by the Group.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020     193
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




46. LITIGATION (Continued)
     (a) Writ issued in PRC by China Pharm (China) and original shareholders of Tianjin
         Jingming
           Although such product incident is still under investigation, being taking up the social responsibilities and
           fulfilling related requirements, the Group had recalled all products of the related batches and also
           temporary suspended the production and sales of such related products. According to the terms of the
           Tianjin Jingming acquisition agreement, Tianjin Jingming had already fully settled the penalty of
           approximately RMB14,430,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$16,361,000) imposed by the NMPA. As at
           the date of this report, Tianjin Jingming is undertaking certain claim actions for approximately
           RMB16,540,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$18,762,000) given to the above incident. Given that (i)
           referring to the opinions from the professional organised by the NMPA, it is unable to identify the
           impurity that caused the product incident with the existing technology and it will need further
           investigation and research to find out the cause thereof; (ii) Ophthalmic Perfluoro propane Gases is not
           the core product of the Group, the Board considers that the suspension of the production of such product
           and the recall of the relevant batches by Tianjin Jingming do not have any material impact on the Group’s
           operations or financial position; and (iii) according to the terms of the Tianjin Jingming Acquisition
           Agreement, the original shareholders of the Tianjin Jingming should responsible for the compensation of
           such product incident. Hence, the Directors are of the view that the said incident and related litigations
           do not have material impact to the Group. For the detail information, please refer to the Group’s interim
           report date on 20 September 2016.


           On 22 August 2016, original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming filed its objection to the Rulings of
           Enforcement to the Wuhan Intermediate People’s Court.


           On 5 September 2016, the Group received the Wuhan Intermediate People’s Court’s dismissal to its
           objection.

     (b) Writs issued in PRC by Tianjin Jingming and certain plaintiffs
           In April and September 2016, the Group received writs issued by certain plaintiffs against Tianjin Jingming
           (as defendant) and demand for payment with claiming of plaintiffs legal charges.


           On 17 January 2017, Tianjin Jingming received judgments dated 17 January 2017 issued by Beijing
           Haidian District People’s Court. The court made orders to request Tianjin Jingming to provide the
           compensation payment with the relevant legal charges of approximately RMB3,952,000 (equivalent to
           approximately HK$4,619,000).




194 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020




46. LITIGATION (Continued)
    (b) Writs issued in PRC by Tianjin Jingming and certain plaintiffs (Continued)
         As at the date of this report, the court has concluded 51 cases, and Tianjin Jingming has appealed 4 cases
         with aggregate compensation of approximately RMB3.15 million. For the remaining cases, Tianjin
         Jingming has paid the compensation and the related legal charges of approximately RMB24.90 million in
         according to the court order. The other related litigations of the product quality incident have not yet
         been concluded. Given that (1) such product is not the core product of the Group, and (2) according to
         the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the original shareholders of Tianjin
         Jingming should be responsible for the compensation of such product incident, and GrandPharma (China)
         is also claiming the original shareholders of the Tianjin Jingming for the indemnification of those possible
         loss suffered. Hence, the Directors are of the view that the said incident and the related litigations do not
         have material impact to the Group.

    (c) Writs issued in PRC by Grand Pharm (China)
         Except the above litigation related to the product incident of Tianjin Jingming, according to the terms of
         the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the vendors have undertaken to the Group that the
         net profit after tax (the “Actual Profit”) from domestic sales (only include the net profit generated from
         domestic sales and shall not include the profit generated from the sales of irrigating solutions (灌注液)) of
         Tianjin Jingming for the period commencing on 1 January 2015 and ending on 30 June 2015 shall not be
         less than RMB5 million (the “Performance Guarantee”). If the above Performance Guarantee cannot be
         met, the Group can claim for a refund of part of the consideration in according to the formula set out in
         the announcement of the Company dated 22 December 2014. The Group was in a litigation against those
         vendors in related to the said Performance Guarantee, and in July 2017 obtained the judgement of first
         instance from the court and received the final judgement from the court in February 2018. It is concluded
         that the Group can get back the RMB10 million share transfer consideration currently deposited in the
         bank account jointly controlled by the Group and the vendors. The vendors should also additionally
         refund approximately RMB21.2 million share transfer consideration to the Group in according to the terms
         of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming. The vendors subsequently applied for rehearing
         of the aforesaid judgement, and the matter will be reheard according to the court’s judgement in
         December 2019, but it has reached final judgement from Hubei Higher People’s Court (湖北省高級人民法
         院) that the appeal from the vendors has been rejected and uphold the verdict.

    Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2020, so far as the Directors were aware, the Group was not
    engaged in any litigation or claims of material importance, and no litigation or claims of material importance
    are pending or threatened against the Group.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020    195
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020




47. MAJOR NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS
     During the year, the Group entered into new lease agreements for the use of leased properties and equipment
     for fixed terms of 2 years to 5 years. On the lease commencement, the Group recognised approximately
     HK$10,172,000 of right-of-use assets and approximately HK$10,172,000 of lease liabilities.

     The Group entered in the above non-cash investing activities which are not reflected in the consolidated
     statement of cash flows.

48. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
     The board lot size for trading in the shares of the Company on the Stock Exchange changed from 4,000 Shares
     to 500 Shares with effect from 9:00 a.m. on Friday, 5 February 2021. The purpose is to lower the threshold for
     investors to purchase the Shares, thus facilitating the trading and improving the liquidity of the Shares, which
     will enable the Company to attract more investors and therefore broaden the shareholders’ base of the
     Company. For further details please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 15 January 2021.

     On 8 February 2021, the Company entered into a share purchase agreement with East Ocean Capital (Hong
     Kong) Limited, pursuant to which the Company acquired approximately 50.13% of the entire issued share
     capital of the East Ocean Medical (Hong Kong) Company Limited at a consideration of US$12,000,000.

49. APPROVAL OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 17
     March 2021.




196 China Grand Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Holdings Limited
