China International Capital Corporation Limited
(a joint stock limited company incorporated in the People's Republic of China)
Stock code: 3908




                                              Annual Report
                                              2019
Core Values




             By the People and                                      Professionalism and
              For the Nation                                             Diligence

   People are our most valuable assets. We strive            We develop our businesses up to the highest
   to attract, cultivate and retain the best people.          professional standards, and nurture a high-
   Since inception, CICC has positioned itself as “a       caliber team of financial professionals, who boast
  China-based investment bank with international          international visions, diligently perform their duties
  perspectives”. It is our mission to serve the nation               and share our corporate values.
   by promoting economic reform and long-term
         development of the capital markets.




               Innovation and                                                   Client
              Entrepreneurship                                                   First

    Innovation is the lasting force that drives CICC      We always put our clients first. We develop and
   forward. Blessed with deep industry knowhow,           maintain long-term relationships of trust with
 visionary leadership, close relationship with clients,   our clients by truly safeguarding their interests
     and abundant execution experiences, CICC is                     and satisfying their needs.
       always prepared to embrace change and
      continue to deliver innovative products and
             quality services to our clients.




                     Integrity                                        Chinese Roots and
                                                                     International Reach
       We build our franchise upon the utmost
 professional integrity and highest ethical standards.     As a China-based global investment bank, we are
  We value our franchise and never compromise on          proud of our Chinese roots and of our international
                       integrity.                               DNA. We bridge China and the world by
                                                              providing best-in-class services to clients at
                                                                          home and abroad.
      Content


  2   Important Notes
  3   Significant Risk Warnings
  4   Message from Our Chairman
  6   Message from Our CEO
 13   Definitions
 18   Company Profile
 29   Summary of Accounting Data and
      Financial Indicators
 32   Management Discussion and Analysis
 96   Directors’ Report
103   Other Significant Events
105   Changes in Shares and Information of
      Substantial Shareholders
110   Directors, Supervisors,
      Senior Management and Employees
134   Corporate Governance Report
156   Environmental, Social and Governance Report
177   Independent Auditor’s Report
195   Consolidated Financial Statements
333   Appendix
                                                  Important
                                                  Notes



2019 Annual Report
                                                  The Directors, Supervisors and senior management of our Company undertake that there are no misrepresentation, misleading statement
                                                  or material omission in this report and they are severally and jointly liable for the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of the
                                                  information contained in this annual report.


                                                  The financial statements for 2019 were prepared by our Company according to International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”),
                                                  which have been audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu has issued auditors’ report with unqualified
                                                  opinions. Unless otherwise stated, the amounts in this report are presented in RMB.
                2

                                                  The forward-looking statements such as future plans, development strategies contained in this report do not constitute substantive
                                                  undertakings by our Company to investors who are advised to be cautious about investment risks.




China International Capital Corporation Limited
Significant Risk Warnings




                                                                                                                                                2019 Annual Report
The business operations of our Group are closely related to the macro economy, monetary policy and market conditions in China and
other jurisdictions where our businesses are operated. Any fluctuation in domestic and international capital markets will affect the Group’s
business operations.


The risks faced by our Group mainly include: strategic risk arising from the adjustment of the strategic plan of our Group under the
changes in domestic and overseas capital markets; business management risk arising from changes of business models, development of
innovative businesses and application of new technologies; market risk caused by changes in the fair value of the financial assets held by
                                                                                                                                                                3
the Group resulting from fluctuations in equity prices, interest rates, exchange rates and commodity prices, etc; credit risk arising from
defaults or deterioration in creditworthiness of counterparties, financing parties and issuers of securities; liquidity risk arising from our
Group’s inability to obtain sufficient funds at reasonable costs in a timely manner to settle debts due, fulfill other payment obligations,




                                                                                                                                                China International Capital Corporation Limited
and satisfy the funding needs in conducting normal business operations; operational risk arising from losses resulting from failed or
defective internal procedures or IT systems, human factors and external events; compliance risk arising from legal sanctions, regulatory
actions, loss of property or damage to our reputation, which our Group is to be subject to, imposed on or suffered from as a result of
violation of laws, regulations, self-regulatory rules or our internal policies arising from our operations and management activities or
employee behavior; legal risk for which our Group may suffer from economic loss or loss of reputation arising from breach of contracts,
disputes in respect of infringement, litigations or other legal disputes; and reputational risk caused by negative comments on our Group
due to operational activities, business management and other actions as well as external events; IT risk refers to the operational, legal and
reputational risks arising from natural disasters, human factors, technology vulnerabilities and management deficiencies in the course of
carrying out business activities or providing services by means of information technology.


Our Group will work on its organizational structure, management mechanism, IT system, risk indicator framework, talents cultivation and
risks response mechanism to prevent and manage the above mentioned risks. For detailed analysis and measures taken by our Group in
respect of the risks, please refer to the content in “Management Discussion and Analysis – VI. Risk Management”.
                                                  Message from
                                                  Our Chairman

                                                                 DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,


2019 Annual Report
                                                                 2019 marks the 70th anniversary of the founding of the
                                                                 People’s Republic of China, and the year for reforms of China’s
                                                                 capital market. With the launch of the science and technology
                                                                 innovation board and the steady advancement of piloting of
                                                                 the registration-based IPO system, China has put forward the
                4                                                road map for comprehensively deepening reforms of the capital
                                                                 market and accelerated the opening-up of its financial industry
                                                                 to foreign players.




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                 In 2019, CICC has been forging ahead and striving forward to
                                                                 constantly improve its core competitiveness. To cope with the
                                                                 complicated domestic and global landscapes, our Company
                                                                 proactively implemented and played an active role in the national
                                                                   strategies to support the real economy, prevent financial risks
                                                                        and advance financial reforms, maintaining a steady
                                                                           growth in various businesses. Our Company ranked first
                                                                             acting as sponsor in terms of underwriting amount
                                                                              of IPOs in A shares, the Hong Kong market and the
                                                                               science and technology innovation board, and
                                                                                completed numerous landmark projects. Riding
                                                                                on our increasing advantages in institutional and
                                                                                high-end businesses and our steady improvement
                                                                                in comprehensive customer service capabilities,
                                                                                 our balance sheet business recorded significant
                                                                                 growth. We managed to gain new ground in
                                                                                 the transformation and upgrading of wealth
                                                                                  management and investment management
                                                                                  businesses and completed the name change
                                                                                  of CICC Wealth Management, with the Group’s
                                                                                   total assets under management of over RMB800
                                                                                   billion. As for the organization of the Company,
                                                                                   we have further deepened our international
                                                                                       presence, smoothly carried out risk control
                                                                                       and compliance work, constantly improved
                                                                                       the development of corporate culture and
                                                                                       strengthened Party building wok significantly,
                                                                                       contributing more effort in poverty alleviation
                                                                                       and social welfare. Facing the national
                                                                                       challenge of the COVID-19 epidemic, our
                                                                                       Group has actively responded to the call of
                                                                                       our country, made every effort to follow the
                                                                                       policy guidance of the CPC Central Committee
                                                                                       on epidemic prevention and control, gave
                                                                       2019 Annual Report
full play to our own advantages by taking multiple measures to
ensure provision of financial services, and helped the country
fight the epidemic by various means such as issuing epidemic
prevention and control debts.


2020 is the final year for building a moderately prosperous society
in all aspects and achieving the first centenary goal as well as
                                                                                       5
the 25th anniversary of the establishment of CICC, which is of
extraordinary significance. For the past 25 years, CICC has been
giving full play to its piloting and leading role in introducing




                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited
advanced international experience, and witnessed the progress
of the China’s capital market. With serving the national strategy
and supporting reforms and innovation as our responsibilities, we
have maintained industry-leading position in quality, efficiency,
risk control and compliance, gradually developing as a modern
investment bank with market competitiveness and brand
influence.


During China’s progress in comprehensively deepening
structural supply-side reforms, increasing the proportion of
direct financing and expanding opening-up, we will continue to
leverage our leading advantages in investment banking, research,
cross-border and other businesses, and continuously improve
our comprehensive strengths. With the guidance of innovation
and the support of technologies, we will enhance risk control
and compliance management, and continue to improve our
organization, so as to fulfill our social responsibility and support
the national strategy. In line with our value of “By the People and
For the Nation” and mission of “Chinese Roots and International
Reach”, we will make every effort to become a world-leading
international investment bank!




                                                       Shen Rujun
                                                         Chairman
                                                    March 25, 2020
                                                  Messagefrom
                                                  Message  from
                                                              Our CEO
                                                  Our CEO

                                                                        VIEWS ON THE ECONOMY


2019 Annual Report
                                                                        AND THE MARKET
                                                                        Growth of the world’s major economies slowed down
                                                                        in 2019, prompting governments to implement
                                                                        accommodative policies. Equity assets performed relatively
                                                                        well. In 2019, the world economy has not yet recovered from
                6                                                       deep corrections in the aftermath of the global financial crisis,
                                                                        as evidenced by sluggishness in the Eurozone, weakness of
                                                                        emerging markets, and signs of a slowdown in the US economy.




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                        Central banks around the world launched a new round of
                                                                        monetary easing. Against such a backdrop, the world’s major
                                                                        stock markets stabilized and rebounded in 2019. Both the
                                                                        A-share market and Hong Kong stock market delivered strong
                                                                        performance. Meanwhile, overseas bond markets strengthened,
                                                                        but China’s government bond yields fluctuated and stayed
                                                                        largely flat over the year. Performance of global commodities
                                                                           diverged.


                                                                                The Chinese economy remained largely stable,
                                                                                  albeit still faced with a number of changes and
                                                                                   concerns in 2019. However, the long-term
                                                                                       economic outlook remained promising. On the
                                                                                       external front, the global economic slowdown,
                                                                                        combined with the twists and turns in the
                                                                                         US-China trade negotiation drove up the external
                                                                                          demand uncertainties and volatility of the
                                                                                          renminbi exchange rate. On the domestic side,
                                                                                           liquidity conditions remained largely stable
                                                                                           despite continued financial deleveraging. The
                                                                                           government’s nearly RMB2 trillion reduction
                                                                                           of taxes and fees effectively bolstered
                                                                                          aggregate demand. Meanwhile, China’s CPI
                                                                                       saw a short-term “spike” while corporate earnings
                                                                                growth decelerated. The Chinese government made
                                                                              proactive counter-cyclical policy adjustments to cope with
                                                                               complex internal and external challenges. As a result, the
                                                                                Chinese economy remained largely stable with resilient
                                                                                 consumption growth, stabilizing investment, balanced
                                                                                  international capital flows, and improving business
                                                                                   environment.
We believe China will continue to aim for economic stability



                                                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report
                                                                        With respect to the securities industry, we see the following
and growth in 2020, which is the last year for both the                 driving factors:
13th Five-Year Plan and the campaign to build China into a
“moderately prosperous society in all aspects”. The Chinese             •     Comprehensively deepening reforms of the capital
government has stepped up its growth-stabilization efforts since              market. Since the 19th CPC National Congress, Party
mid-2019. In addition, the US-China trade friction eased and                  and state leaders has given important directives and
global manufacturing growth picked up. The Chinese economy                    instructions on the capital market on many occasions. In
                                                                                                                                                             7
has begun to show signs of stabilization and recovery, although               line with the overall objective of “building a standardized,
uncertainty remains. We expect the government to further                      transparent, open, dynamic and resilient capital market”,
implement counter-cyclical policies and better coordinate fiscal              China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) has listed




                                                                                                                                             China International Capital Corporation Limited
and monetary policies to create a stable macro environment and                12 priorities of deepening reform of China’s capital market,
keep economic growth within a reasonable range. Moreover,                     and the new securities law has further improved the basic
given current macro condition, it is increasingly necessary for               system of the securities market. Following the reform
China to implement reforms to unleash the country’s potentials                direction of marketization and rule of law, China focused
and enhance its economic vitality and efficiency. China will                  on optimizing the supply of the capital market, promoted
further move forward with structural supply-side reforms,                     key institutional innovations, and implemented the
improve industrial basic capabilities and industrial chain levels             comprehensively deepening of structural reforms on the
and promote the integration of advanced manufacturing                         financial supply side, thereby laying solid foundation for
industries and modern service industries so as to reduce costs                comprehensively deepening reforms of the capital market,
of conducting business in all sectors of the society and enhance              reshaping the new market ecology, and optimizing the
relatively under-developed infrastructures and facilities to bolster          industry structure.
areas of weaknesses. SOE reforms, social security system reforms,
reforms to fiscal, taxation and financial systems, as well as reforms   •     Significantly increasing the proportion of direct
to land, housing and household registration systems to support                financing. As China is steadily advancing the economic
the country’s progress in urbanization merit close attention.                 transformation and capital market reforms, we expect
                                                                              that the financing of new shares will step up. With
INDUSTRY OUTLOOK                                                              the full implementation of registration-based IPO
                                                                              system, the optimization of refinancing system, and the
In recent years, China’s economy has entered a new period. As
                                                                              advancement of the Growth Enterprise Market and the
the pace of reforms and opening up of the financial system
                                                                              National Equities Exchange and Quotations (“NEEQ”), the
steppes up, the top-level design attaches significance to the
                                                                              proportion of direct financing, especially the proportion
development of the capital market. With the launch of various
                                                                              of equity financing, is expected to increase significantly,
important policies, the securities industry remains in the critical
                                                                              and business opportunities such as the new economy,
period of development. As China elevates the positioning of the
                                                                              industry integration and asset securitization will continue
capital market, which requires securities companies to enhance
                                                                              to emerge. As an important brokerage services provider of
capacities in serving the real economy and exert greater roles, the
                                                                              the capital market, securities companies will be effectively
industry is expected to achieve explosive growth benefiting from
                                                                              enhanced in terms of business scale and systematic
the deepening of capital market reforms and the development of
                                                                              importance.
direct financing.
                                                  Message from Our CEO




                                                         The capital market is in a process of internationalization



2019 Annual Report
                                                  •                                                                                Currently, China’s securities companies is still relatively small in
                                                         and institutionalization. With the entry into market of                   volume and relatively preliminary in business models as compared
                                                         pensions and international asset management institutions,                 with leading international investment banks, domestic commercial
                                                         a number of large-scale and highly professional long-term                 banks and other financial institutions. On the one hand, the strategic
                                                         institutional investors are forming in the capital market. As             space for the development of the securities industry has expanded
                                                         a result, it will play an important role in improving functions           significantly driven by numerous powerful factors. However, on
                                                         of China’s capital market, promoting institutional reforms,               the other hand, competition within and even across the industry
                8
                                                         enriching products and tools and enhancing market                         has been intensified due to increasingly obscure boundary of the
                                                         efficiency, and will promote China’s securities and financial             industry. We believe that there will be several large-scale core players
                                                         institutions to absorb advanced ideas and enhance                         with full value chain and comprehensive solution capabilities in the




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                         professional capabilities and international competitiveness,              future. Whether an institution can lead the financial system depends
                                                         thus developing more mature business models.                              on its comprehensive strengths in terms of scale, specialization,
                                                                                                                                   internationalization, digitalization and innovative cooperation.
                                                  •      Rapid development of the asset management and
                                                         wealth management businesses. Regulatory reforms                          REVIEW OF OUR PERFORMANCE
                                                         led by the offering of NAV-based products and functional
                                                                                                                                   In 2019, to cope with the complicated and changing macro and
                                                         supervision have created a healthy environment for
                                                                                                                                   market environment, we maintained sound business momentum.
                                                         the development of asset management and wealth
                                                                                                                                   In line with the missions of “serving the real economy, preventing
                                                         management businesses. With the highest savings ratio
                                                                                                                                   and controlling financial risks and advancing financial reforms”,
                                                         and the second highest number of high-income people
                                                                                                                                   we promoted the healthy development of various businesses,
                                                         in the world, the conversion from wealth accumulation
                                                                                                                                   further expanded our international presence and continued to
                                                         and savings to investment have brought vigorous demand
                                                                                                                                   improve our institution, so as to achieve steady and rapid growth
                                                         for high-end financial services, which will become a solid
                                                                                                                                   and generate sound returns for shareholders.
                                                         driver for the rapid development of asset management and
                                                         wealth management businesses.
                                                                                                                                   Financial Performance

                                                  •      Restructuring securities and financial businesses with                    As at the end of 2019, the total assets of the Group amounted to
                                                         technologies. Disruptive technologies such as big data,                   RMB344,971.2 million, representing an increase of 25.3% compared
                                                         cloud computing and artificial intelligence have promoted                 with that at the end of 2018; net assets(note) amounted to RMB48,293.8
                                                         close integration and interaction in the securities business,             million, representing an increase of 14.5% compared with that at the
                                                         provided the market with more convenient, intelligent                     end of 2018. Our Group recorded total revenue and other income
                                                         and differentiated financial solutions, and restructure the               of RMB22,782.5 million, increasing by 22.9% year on year; and net
                                                         models and landscape of the securities business, thus                     profit(note) of RMB4,238.7 million, increasing by 21.4% year on year, with
                                                         prompting some securities financial institutions to make                  a weighted average return on net assets of 9.6%.
                                                         breakthroughs towards science and technology to achieve
                                                         wider inclusiveness and accessibility.                                    Business Achievements
                                                                                                                                   With the guidance of national policies and our own expansion,
                                                                                                                                   we have comprehensively reinforced the structure of “two bases
                                                                                                                                   and six pillars” and continued to improve our business capabilities
                                                                                                                                   and consolidated our advantages in institutional, high-end and
                                                                                                                                   cross-border businesses.


                                                  Note: Net assets refer to total equity attributable to shareholders of the Company and holders of other equity instruments. Net profit refers to profit for
                                                        the year attributable to shareholders of the Company and holders of other equity instruments.
Maintaining a leading position in core businesses                     Our FICC trading and comprehensive service capabilities



                                                                                                                                              2019 Annual Report
                                                                      continued to grow. Relying on our comprehensive trading
Our investment banking business fully supported the
                                                                      qualifications, industry-leading trading capabilities and extensive
development of the real economy. In 2019, our Company
                                                                      dealer networks, our trading teams continued to demonstrate
ranked first acting as sponsor in terms of underwriting amount
                                                                      strong trading and risk control capabilities and achieved stable
achieved in A share IPOs and the Hong Kong stock market,
                                                                      investment income, which have won us honors and awards
second in terms of underwriting amount in US IPOs of PRC-based
                                                                      in terms of inter-bank market trading and market-making. We
companies, and first acting as sponsor in terms of underwriting                                                                                               9
                                                                      have steadily improved our client service capabilities in the
amount of IPOs on the science and technology innovation board.
                                                                      FICC business, and gradually built an integrated platform that
Our Company ranked third among securities firms in terms of
                                                                      covers interest rate, credit, foreign exchange, commodities,




                                                                                                                                              China International Capital Corporation Limited
onshore bond offerings with an increase of approximately 40%
                                                                      securitization, derivatives and futures to provide sales, research,
in aggregate underwriting amount compared with the same
                                                                      trading, financing and cross-border services. Capturing
period of last year. As for the M&A business, our Company has
                                                                      opportunities from the opening-up of the bond market, we
remained No.1 on the league table, and played a lead role in
                                                                      ramped up our international strategy, and were honored the
a number of milestone large-scale industrial restructuring and
                                                                      “Opening-up Award” in the interbank local currency market.
debt restructuring projects. Through consolidating our business
advantages in the primary market, we have supported the
                                                                      Achieving growth in the size of emerging businesses
development of the new economy with diversified financial
means, so as to contribute to supply-side structural reforms, drive   We maintained industry-leading position in terms of
the financial industry to service the real economy and prevent        the total assets under management of private equity
and mitigate risks.                                                   investment. CICC Capital has built a comprehensive and
                                                                      integrated platform for private equity investment fund with
Our equities business embraced opportunities for                      multi-layered risk diversification, becoming one of China’s largest
institutionalization, productization, and internationalization.       platforms for private equity investment. In 2019, with close
With institutional client focus,, our equities business capitalized   focus on the national strategy and in order to support China’s
on opportunities from the reform, innovation, and opening-up          economic transformation and upgrading, CICC Capital has
of the capital market to promote product innovation, enhance          actively deployed large funds in key areas of strategic significance,
cross-border business capabilities, and enhance the rapid             continued to enrich product lines and cultivated cross-border
development of businesses such as prime brokerage business            business capabilities, with the aim to support industrial reshuffle,
and derivative products business. We were committed to                regional development and the growth of new economy through
developing the exchange and OTC business in domestic and              vigorously mobilizing social resources. At the end of 2019, the
overseas markets, and contributed our share to bolstering areas       total size of assets under the management of private equity
of weaknesses and further improving trading functionality. In         investment business of the Group amounted to over RMB300
2019, the prime brokerage business and derivative products            billion, with a year-on-year growth rate of nearly 10%.
business in mainland China showed continuous growth in terms
of scale, and the Hong Kong prime brokerage business ranked
among the top in overseas markets in terms of business size.
These results contributed to our leading position and steady
growth in the Connect business in terms of coverage of clients
and market share.
                                                  Message from Our CEO




                                                  Our asset management business continued to make                     Realizing solid progress in research and information



2019 Annual Report
                                                  breakthroughs. Relying on our advantages as a comprehensive         technology
                                                  investment banking platform, we have been committed to
                                                                                                                      We committed our research work to become as the “China
                                                  building a comprehensive asset management platform with
                                                                                                                      Expert” with international perspectives. Riding on our
                                                  multiple assets, multiple strategies and cross-market capacities.
                                                                                                                      advantages in “one team across two markets”, our research
                                                  In 2019, seizing opportunities from institutionalization and the
                                                                                                                      business closely followed trends of the global market, and
                                                  offering of NAV-based products, we focused on strengthening
      10                                                                                                              focused on professional analysis of macroeconomics, market
                                                  our investment research teams. As a result, we have achieved
                                                                                                                      strategies, asset allocation and stocks, thus supporting various
                                                  stable investment performance, made breakthrough progress
                                                                                                                      business lines. In 2019, we assembled a series of significant
                                                  in corporate annuities, bank wealth management subsidiaries




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                      thematic reports, including new products such as “CICC Outpost”,
                                                  and insurance outsourcing business, and steadily improved our
                                                                                                                      “Overseas Prospective from CICC” and “Interviews with Chief
                                                  active management capabilities for cross-border businesses. Our
                                                                                                                      Officers”. These research products continued to enhance the
                                                  mutual fund business achieved breakthroughs in the number of
                                                                                                                      influence of our brand and won numerous awards issued by
                                                  clients and institutional access, and launched new products such
                                                                                                                      the Institutional Investor and the Asiamoney Brokers Poll for
                                                  as strategic placement on the science and technology innovation
                                                                                                                      consecutive years. We were exploring the creation of index
                                                  board. At the end of 2019, our total assets under management
                                                                                                                      assets based on our research, and made preliminary progress in
                                                  exceeded RMB500 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
                                                                                                                      research into productization and commercialization.
                                                  nearly 50%.

                                                                                                                      Information technology was moving towards
                                                  Our wealth management forged ahead with business
                                                                                                                      systematization, platformization and intelligence. Our
                                                  integration and transitioning. We unified the brand name with
                                                                                                                      Company has newly developed and launched multiple core
                                                  CICC Wealth Management, which marked a major milestone
                                                                                                                      business and management systems, and gradually developed
                                                  in terms of integration since the merger three years ago. We
                                                                                                                      three basic technology systems regarding trading, products and
                                                  managed to gain new ground in transformation, laying a sound
                                                                                                                      services, and risk control and operation management. We also
                                                  foundation for forward growth. We continued to intensify the
                                                                                                                      have established a technical support platform for business lines
                                                  development of wealth management platforms as well as the
                                                                                                                      through connecting and integrating core business systems,
                                                  establishment of the Private Wealth Management (PWM) division
                                                                                                                      which can fully support our core businesses and the rapid launch
                                                  and the Global Family Office (GFO) teams to provide “wealth
                                                                                                                      and scaled development of our innovative businesses. We
                                                  planning + asset allocation” solutions. With the optimization of
                                                                                                                      continued to research and explore new technology applications
                                                  wealth management service models, our product sales continued
                                                                                                                      and new business models, improved our IT governance and
                                                  to reach new heights and product assets have accumulated
                                                                                                                      optimized our IT organizational structure and operation model,
                                                  rapidly. We have proposed to establish joint-venture technology
                                                                                                                      with a view to promoting the integration of business and
                                                  company with Tencent to capture development opportunities in
                                                                                                                      technology.
                                                  wealth management business.
Continuously enhancing corporate culture                                FORWARD STRATEGIES AND INITIATIVES


                                                                                                                                               2019 Annual Report
We strengthened firm-wide understanding of our corporate                Looking into the future, CICC will actively seize strategic
culture through multiple cultural discussions. According to             opportunities to drive growth and achieve a leap in development,
the requirements of the China Securities Regulatory Commission          so as to establish the Company as a first-class international
on cultural construction of the securities industry, we have striven    investment bank in China and become a core player in the future
to strengthen the organization, summarization and training on           financial system.
our culture, and continued to enrich and refine our corporate                                                                                        11
culture, so as to give play to the positive role of corporate culture   Our concrete strategic initiatives include:
in strategy formulation and implementation. We carried out in-




                                                                                                                                               China International Capital Corporation Limited
depth discussions and exchanges on CICC’s mission, vision and           •     Intensifying investment to drive growth in scale and
values with employees at all levels through various activities such           strength. On the one hand, we will expand our core
as the CICC Institute, Managing Director (MD) seminars and the                resources such as capital and talent teams, actively invest
Participating Managing Director (PMD) meetings.                               to enhance our client coverage and market influence,
                                                                              increase market share, drive growth, and achieve scaled
We actively participated in poverty alleviation and charity                   development, to gain a leading position in the industry in
activities to fulfill our social responsibility. We have expanded             terms of quality, scale and market influence, and reinforce
our footprint of poverty alleviation in 14 state-level poverty                our positioning as an important financial institution.
counties (regions) in Beijing, Gansu, Hunan, Anhui, Shanxi,
Qinghai, Sichuan, Chongqing, Fujian, Xinjiang, Tibet and other          •     Two Bases and Six Pillars, One CICC. With the strong
provinces (autonomous regions), and paired up with and assisted               support of research and IT, we will solidify our strengths
poverty counties to alleviate poverty. In line with the strategies            in investment banking, equities, and FICC, and expand
of poverty alleviation by stimulating local consumption and                   the business scale of private equity, asset management
empowering the local people and the value of “For the Nation”,                and wealth management, to integrate the capabilities and
we have always committed our efforts in fulfilling our social                 resources of different business segments through a full
responsibility and contributing to poverty alleviation. In 2019, we           value chain, and establish One CICC built upon two bases
were named as the “Pioneering Institution in Targeted Poverty                 and six pillars. In the meantime, we will seek extensive
Alleviation” by China.org.cn. Since the outbreak of COVID-19                  alliances with all types of financial institutions, to provide
epidemic, our Group has paid close attention to the development               the best total financial solutions to our clients.
of the epidemic, actively implemented various prevention and
control measures, and made rapid response to aid the virus-             •     Promoting institutional innovation and strengthening
stricken areas. Our Group donated more than RMB18 million of                  corporate culture. In line with the principles of
funds and medical supplies to the Hubei province and other                    strengthening risk management and preventing conflicts
severely affected areas.                                                      of interest, we will optimize our organizational structure to
                                                                              establish a mechanism and corporate culture that match
                                                                              with our strategies. We will unite our talent teams and
                                                                              improve organizational efficiency to promote collaboration
                                                                              among departments and give full play to the advantages
                                                                              of “One CICC”. In terms of soft power, we will develop
                                                                              ourselves as an industry benchmark, and contribute to
                                                                              creating an industry culture of “compliance, integrity,
                                                                              professionalism and prudence”.
                                                  Message from Our CEO




                                                  •     Deepening local penetration, and expanding



2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                                      In the past twenty-five years, CICC has insisted on introducing
                                                        international footprints. We will deepen regional             advanced international experience with the actual conditions of
                                                        penetration in China, to provide more timely and              China, and fully exerted its role in piloting reforms and promoting
                                                        high-quality financial services to serve local economic       opening up. We have witnessed the ups and downs of China’s
                                                        development, industrial restructuring and household needs     economy and capital market, and committed to fulfilling our
                                                        for wealth management through the close cooperation           missions and responsibilities.
                                                        between business lines and regional outlets. We will
      12
                                                        vigorously increase investment in overseas markets and        In the future, as China continues to deepen reform and expand
                                                        strengthen our presence in international financial centers,   opening up, we will spare no effort in making contributions to
                                                        while expanding footprints along the Belt and Road regions    the process to a responsible investment bank. Devoted with




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                        through both organic growth and M&A opportunities, to         innovation and hard work, we will provide quality and trusted
                                                        build cross-border capabilities comparable to world-class     financial services to promote economic development and social
                                                        investment banks.                                             progress, and serve for national prosperity and personal wellness.
                                                                                                                      We will contribute our share to promoting institutional reforms
                                                  •     Promoting digitalized transformation and building             and system evolution, and support China to integrate deeper into
                                                        a CICC eco-cycle. We will intensify IT investment and         the global market, towards a road to realize the causes of CICC
                                                        enhance IT team capacity to fully address the evolving        and the whole China.
                                                        needs for business development and office administration.
                                                        Through organizational and institutional innovation, we
                                                        will promote closer collaboration between IT teams and
                                                        business lines to improve efficiency and drive momentum.
                                                        Through investments and partnerships, we will remain
                                                        extensive access to the state-of-the-art technologies, and
                                                        build a CICC eco-cycle, to become a promoter and leader
                                                        in digital economy and intelligence financial services
                                                        sector.


                                                  Twenty-five years ago, CICC was established in the new era                                                           Huang Zhaohui
                                                  of China’s reform and opening up and at the booming eve                                                         Chief Executive Officer
                                                  of China’s capital market, showcasing an organizational and                                                            March 25, 2020
                                                  institutional innovation.
Definitions




                                                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report
In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms and expressions have the meanings set forth below.

“Acquisition”                         the acquisition by our Company of 100% of the equity interest of Former CISC (now renamed as
                                      CICC Wealth Management) from Huijin pursuant to the Equity Transfer Agreement

“Articles of Association”             the articles of association of our Company (as amended)

“AUM”                                 the amount of assets under management
                                                                                                                                                 13
“Basic and diluted earnings           (net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company and holders of other equity instruments
  per share”                          – interest for holders of perpetual subordinated bonds for the year)/weighted average number of




                                                                                                                                           China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                      ordinary shares in issue

“Board” or “Board of Directors”       the board of directors of our Company

“CASs”                                the Chinese Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises

“CCASS”                               the Central Clearing and Settlement System established and operated by Hong Kong Securities
                                      Clearing Company Limited

“CG Code” or                          Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance Report set out in Appendix 14 to the
  “Corporate Governance Code”         Listing Rules

“China Investment Consulting”         China Investment Consulting Co., Ltd.* (中國投資諮詢有限責任公司), a company incorporated in
                                      the PRC in March 1986 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Jianyin Investment and a Shareholder of
                                      our Company

“CICC Capital”                        CICC Capital Management Co., Ltd.* (中金資本運營有限公司), a company incorporated in the PRC
                                      in March 2017 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company

“CICC Fund Management”                CICC Fund Management Co., Ltd.* (中金基金管理有限公司), a company incorporated in the PRC
                                      in February 2014 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company

“CICC Futures”                        CICC Futures Co., Ltd.* (中金期貨有限公司), a company incorporated in the PRC and a wholly-
                                      owned subsidiary of our Company

“CICC Jiacheng”                       CICC Jiacheng Investment Management Co., Ltd.* (中金佳成投資管理有限公司), a company
                                      incorporated in the PRC in October 2007 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company

“CICC HK AM”                          China International Capital Corporation Hong Kong Asset Management Limited (中國國際金融香
                                      港資產管理有限公司), a company incorporated in Hong Kong in December 2005 and a wholly-
                                      owned subsidiary of CICC Hong Kong

“CICC HK Futures”                     China International Capital Corporation Hong Kong Futures Limited (中國國際金融香港期貨有限公司),
                                      a company incorporated in Hong Kong in August 2010 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of CICC Hong Kong

“CICC HK Securities”                  China International Capital Corporation Hong Kong Securities Limited (中國國際金融香港證券有
                                      限公司), a company incorporated in Hong Kong in March 1998 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of
                                      CICC Hong Kong

“CICC Hong Kong”                      China International Capital Corporation (Hong Kong) Limited (中國國際金融（香港）有限公司), a
                                      company incorporated in Hong Kong in April 1997 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company
                                                  Definitions




2019 Annual Report
                                                  “CICC Pucheng”                CICC Pucheng Investment Co., Ltd.* (中金浦成投資有限公司), a company incorporated in the PRC
                                                                                in April 2012 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company

                                                  “CICC Singapore”              China International Capital Corporation (Singapore) Pte. Limited, a company incorporated in
                                                                                Singapore in July 2008 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company

                                                  “CICC UK”                     China International Capital Corporation (UK) Limited, a company incorporated in the United
      14
                                                                                Kingdom in August 2009 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company

                                                  “CICC US Securities”          CICC US Securities, Inc., a company incorporated in the United States in August 2005 and a wholly-
                                                                                owned subsidiary of our Company




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                  “CICC Wealth Management” or   China CICC Wealth Management Securities Company Limited (中國中金財富證券有限公司),
                                                     “CICC Wealth Management    formerly known as China Investment Securities Company Limited (中國中投證券有限責任公
                                                     Securities”                司), a company incorporated in the PRC in September 2005 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of our
                                                                                Company

                                                  “CISC” or “Former CISC”       China Investment Securities Company Limited* (中國中投證券有限責任公司), a company
                                                                                incorporated in the PRC in September 2005 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company,
                                                                                whose name was changed to China CICC Wealth Management Securities Company Limited (中國
                                                                                中金財富證券有限公司) in August 2019

                                                  "CMBS"                        commercial mortgage-backed securities

                                                  “Company”, “our Company”,     China International Capital Corporation Limited (中國國際金融股份有限公司), a joint stock
                                                    or “CICC”                   company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability converted from China International Capital
                                                                                Corporation Limited (中國國際金融有限公司), a Chinese-foreign equity joint venture, on June 1,
                                                                                2015

                                                  “Company Law” or              the Company Law of the PRC (中華人民共和國公司法), as amended, supplemented or otherwise
                                                    “PRC Company Law”           modified from time to time

                                                  “connected person(s)”         has the same meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

                                                  “CSRC”                        the China Securities Regulatory Commission* (中國證券監督管理委員會)

                                                  “Directors”                   directors of our Company

                                                  “Domestic Share(s)”           issued ordinary share(s) in the share capital of our Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each,
                                                                                which is (are) subscribed for or credited as fully paid in RMB

                                                  “Equity Transfer Agreement”   the equity transfer agreement entered into between our Company and Huijin dated November 4,
                                                                                2016, pursuant to which our Company has agreed to purchase and Huijin has agreed to sell 100%
                                                                                of the equity interest of Former CISC (now renamed as CICC Wealth Management)

                                                  “FICC”                        fixed income, commodities and currencies

                                                  “GDR(s)”                      global depositary receipt(s)

                                                  “Gearing ratio”               (total liabilities – accounts payable to brokerage clients and to underwriting clients)/(total assets –
                                                                                accounts payable to brokerage clients and to underwriting clients)
                                                                                                                                      2019 Annual Report
“GIC”                            GIC Private Limited, a company incorporated in Singapore in May 1981 and a Shareholder of our
                                 Company

“Group”, “our Group” or “we”     our Company and its subsidiaries (or with reference to the context, our Company and anyone or
                                 more of its subsidiaries)

“Growth Enterprise Market” or    the ChiNext board of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange
  “ChiNext board”
                                                                                                                                            15

“H Share(s)”                     ordinary shares in the share capital of our Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each, which is
                                 (are) listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and are subscribed for and traded in HK dollars




                                                                                                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited
“HK$”, “HKD” or “HK dollars”     Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong”                      the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“Hong Kong Stock Exchange”       The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hong Kong Exchanges
  or “HKEx”                      and Clearing Limited

“HKICPA”                         Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants

“Huijin” or “Huijin Company”     Central Huijin Investment Ltd.* (中央匯金投資有限責任公司), a wholly state-owned company
                                 ultimately owned by the PRC Government

“I&G”                            China National Investment and Guaranty Corporation* (中國投融資擔保股份有限公司), a
                                 company incorporated in the PRC in 1993 and a Shareholder of our Company

“ICAEW”                          The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales

“IFRSs”                          the International Financial Reporting Standards, which include standards, amendments and
                                 interpretations promulgated by the International Accounting Standards Board and the International
                                 Accounting Standards (IAS) and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards
                                 Committee (IASC)

“Jianyin Investment”             China Jianyin Investment Ltd.* (中國建銀投資有限責任公司), a company incorporated in the PRC
                                 in June 1986 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Huijin and a Shareholder of our Company

“JIC Investment”                 JIC Investment Co., Ltd. (建投投資有限責任公司), a company incorporated in the PRC in October
                                 2012 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Jianyin Investment and a Shareholder of our Company

“Latest Practicable Date”        March 25, 2020

“Listing Rules”                  the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (as
                                 amended from time to time)

“Mingly”                         Mingly Corporation, a company incorporated in Cayman Islands, and registered in Hong Kong in
                                 1988 and a Shareholder of our Company

“Ministry of Finance” or “MOF”   the Ministry of Finance of the PRC* (中華人民共和國財政部)

“Model Code”                     the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Companies set out in Appendix
                                 10 to the Listing Rules
                                                  Definitions




2019 Annual Report
                                                  “NEEQ”                             The National Equities Exchange and Quotations (全國中小企業股份轉讓系統)

                                                  “Net capital”                      net capital refers to net assets after risk adjustments on certain types of assets as defined in the
                                                                                     Provisions on the Calculation Basis for Risk Control Indicators of Securities Companies

                                                  “NSSF”                             the National Council for Social Security Fund of the PRC* (全國社會保障基金理事會)

                                                  “Operating leverage ratio”         (total assets – account payable to brokerage clients and to underwriting clients)/equity attributable
      16
                                                                                     to shareholders of the Company and holders of other equity instruments

                                                  “PBOC”                             the People’s Bank of China* (中國人民銀行), the central bank of the PRC




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                  “Placing”                          the placing by or on behalf of CICC HK Securities of the Placing Shares on the terms and subject to
                                                                                     the conditions referred to in the Placing Agreement

                                                  “Placing Agreement”                the placing agreement dated October 16, 2019 entered into between the Company and CICC HK
                                                                                     Securities

                                                  “Placing Agent”                    CICC HK Securities

                                                  “Placing Price”                    HK$14.40 per Placing Share

                                                  “Placing Share(s)”                 176,000,000 new H Shares issued by the Company pursuant to the Placing Agreement

                                                  “PMD”                              Participating Managing Director

                                                  “PPP”                              public–private partnership

                                                  “PRC” or “China”                   the People’s Republic of China

                                                  “PRC Government”                   the central government of the PRC, including all governmental subdivisions (including provincial,
                                                                                     municipal and other regional or local government entities) and instrumentalities

                                                  “QDII(s)”                          Qualified Domestic Institutional Investor* (合格境內機構投資者)

                                                  “QFII(s)”                          Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor* (合格境外機構投資者)

                                                  “Reporting Period”                 the period from January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2019

                                                  “REPOs”                            financial assets sold under repurchase agreements

                                                  “Reverse REPOs”                    financial assets held under resale agreements

                                                  “RMB” or “Renminbi”                Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

                                                  “RQFII(s)”                         Renminbi Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor*

                                                  “SAC”                              the Securities Association of China* (中國證券業協會)

                                                  “science and technology innovation Sci-Tech innovation board of Shanghai Stock Exchange
                                                     board” or “STAR Market”

                                                  “Securities Law”                   the Securities Law of the PRC as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time
                                                                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report
“SFC”                                     the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission* (香港證券及期貨事務監察委員會)

“SFO”                                     the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) as amended,
                                          supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

“Shanghai Stock Exchange”                 the Shanghai Stock Exchange* (上海證券交易所)

“Shareholder(s)”                          holder(s) of the Share(s)
                                                                                                                                                                   17
“Share(s)”                                ordinary shares in the share capital of our Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each

“Shenzhen Stock Exchange”




                                                                                                                                                             China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                          the Shenzhen Stock Exchange* (深圳證券交易所)

“SOE(s)”                                  state-owned enterprise(s)

“State Council”                           the State Council of the PRC* (中華人民共和國國務院)

“Supervisors”                             supervisors of our Company

“Supervisory Committee”                   the supervisory committee of our Company

“Tencent”                                 Tencent Holdings and its subsidiaries

“Tencent Digital”                         Tencent Digital (Shenzhen) Limited* (騰訊數碼（深圳）有限公司)

“Tencent Holdings”                        Tencent Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability and
                                          whose shares are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 700)

“Tencent Mobility Limited”                Tencent Mobility Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability and a wholly-
                                          owned subsidiary of Tencent Holdings

“TPG”                                     TPG Asia V Delaware, L.P., a limited partnership established in the United States in 2009 and a
                                          Shareholder of our Company

“United Kingdom” or “UK”                  the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland

“United States” or “U.S.” or              the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas subject to its jurisdiction
  “USA” or “US”

“US$” or “USD”                            United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

“Weighted average return on               (net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company and holders of other equity instruments
  net assets”                             – interest for holders of perpetual subordinated bonds for the year)/weighted average of equity
                                          attributable to shareholders of the Company

“%”                                       per cent

Notes:
Certain amounts and percentage figures included in this report have been subject to rounding. Accordingly, the arithmetic sum shown in certain tables
may not be the total of the figures preceding them. Any discrepancies in any table or chart between the arithmetic sum shown and the total of the
amounts listed are due to rounding.
For ease of reference, the names of Chinese laws and regulations, governmental authorities, institutions, natural persons or other entities (including
certain of our subsidiaries) have been included in the report in both the Chinese and English languages and in the event of any inconsistency, the Chinese
versions shall prevail. English translations of company names and other terms from the Chinese language are marked with “*” and are provided for
identification purposes only.
Company Profile
(As of December 31, 2019)




Company
Profile
Company Profile
(As of December 31, 2019)
                                                  Company Profile
                                                  (As of December 31, 2019)




                                                  I.    COMPANY OVERVIEW


2019 Annual Report
                                                        Name in Chinese:                                          中國國際金融股份有限公司

                                                        Name in English:                                          China International Capital Corporation Limited

                                                        Legal representative:                                     Shen Rujun (Note 1)

      20                                                Chairman:                                                 Shen Rujun (Note 1)

                                                        Chief Executive Officer:                                  Huang Zhaohui (Note 2)




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                        Registered capital:                                       RMB4,368,667,868 (Note 3)

                                                        Headquarters in the PRC:

                                                            Registered and office address                         27th and 28th Floor, China World Office 2, 1 Jianguomenwai Avenue,
                                                                                                                  Chaoyang District, Beijing, PRC

                                                            Company website                                       http://www.cicc.com

                                                            E-mail                                                Investorrelations@cicc.com.cn

                                                        Principal place of business in Hong Kong, China: 29/F, One International Finance Centre, 1 Harbour View Street, Central, Hong Kong

                                                        Secretary to the Board:                                   Xu Yicheng

                                                            Address                                               27th and 28th Floor, China World Office 2, 1 Jianguomenwai Avenue,
                                                                                                                  Chaoyang District, Beijing, PRC

                                                            Telephone                                             +86-10-65051166

                                                            Facsimile                                             +86-10-65051156

                                                        Joint Company Secretaries:                                Xu Yicheng, Zhou Jiaxing

                                                        Authorized Representatives:                               Huang Zhaohui (Note 4), Zhou Jiaxing

                                                        Statutory Auditors engaged by our Company:

                                                            Domestic accounting firm:                             Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP

                                                            Overseas accounting firm:                             Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu

                                                       Note 1: As approved by the Board of Directors and the shareholders’ general meeting of the Company, Mr. Shen Rujun, the non-executive director of
                                                               the Company, has started to serve as the chairman of the Board and the legal representative of the Company since August 22, 2019, and Mr.
                                                               Bi Mingjian ceased to perform the duties of the Chairman of the Board and the legal representative of the Company since then.
                                                       Note 2: As approved by the Board of Directors, Mr. Huang Zhaohui has started to serve as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company since December
                                                               30, 2019, and Mr. Bi Mingjian has ceased to hold this position since then.
                                                       Note 3: On October 24, 2019, the Company has completed the placing of 176,000,000 new H Shares, as a result of which the registered capital of the
                                                               Company increased to RMB4,368,667,868. Please refer to “Management Discussion and Analysis – V. Significant Investment and Financing
                                                               Activities of Our Group – (ii) Equity Financing” for details.
                                                       Note 4: As approved by the Board of Directors and the shareholders’ general meeting, Mr. Huang Zhaohui has started to serve as the executive
                                                               director and authorized representative of the Company since February 28, 2020, and Mr. Bi Mingjian has ceased to hold these positions since
                                                               then.
II.   INTRODUCTION TO OUR COMPANY


                                                                                                                                              2019 Annual Report
      History
      Our Company, China’s first joint venture investment bank, was established on July 31, 1995 with the name of China International
      Capital Corporation Limited (中國國際金融有限公司) in the PRC as approved by the PBOC with a registered capital of US$100
      million. The promoters of our Company were the former People’s Construction Bank of China (中國人民建設銀行), Morgan
      Stanley & Co. Incorporated (摩根士丹利國際公司), I&G (then known as China National Investment & Guaranty Corporation (中國
                                                                                                                                                    21
      經濟技術投資擔保公司)), GIC (新加坡政府投資有限公司, then known as Government of Singapore Investment Corporation Pte.
      Ltd. (新加坡政府投資公司)) and Mingly (名力集團控股有限公司) (then known as The Mingly Corporation Limited (名力集團)).




                                                                                                                                              China International Capital Corporation Limited
      On June 1, 2015, our Company was converted into a joint stock company with limited liability with the name of China International
      Capital Corporation Limited (中國國際金融股份有限公司). Upon the conversion, our Company had a total share capital of
      RMB1,667,473,000 comprising 1,667,473,000 Shares with nominal value of RMB1.00 each.


      Our Company was successfully listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in November, 2015 and initially issued 555,824,000 H
      Shares, and further issued 83,372,000 H Shares upon the exercise of over-allotment option. After the completion of the global
      offering and the exercise of the over-allotment option, the total number of issued Shares of our Company increased from
      1,667,473,000 Shares to 2,306,669,000 Shares.


      On November 4, 2016, our Company and Huijin entered into the Equity Transfer Agreement, pursuant to which, our Company
      has agreed to acquire, and Huijin has agreed to sell, 100% of the equity interest of Former CISC (now renamed as CICC Wealth
      Management). CICC Wealth Management is a fully-licensed securities firm in the PRC with an extensive and well-established branch
      network, a large customer base and an integrated business platform. The Company became the sole shareholder of Former CISC
      (now renamed CICC Wealth Management) on March 21, 2017. 1,678,461,809 Domestic Shares had been issued as fully paid to
      Huijin as consideration for the Acquisition on April 12, 2017. Upon completion of the Acquisition, Huijin directly held 58.58% equity
      interest in our Company, and that the registered capital of our Company increased from RMB2,306,669,000 to RMB3,985,130,809.


      On March 23, 2018, the Company completed the issue of 207,537,059 new H Shares to Tencent Mobility Limited. Accordingly,
      the number of the Company’s issued H Shares and the total issued Shares increased to 1,727,714,428 H Shares and 4,192,667,868
      Shares, respectively.


      On October 24, 2019, the Company has successfully allotted an aggregate of 176,000,000 new H Shares to no fewer than six
      professional, institutional and/or individual investors which are not connected parties or connected persons of the Company, and
      accordingly, the total issued H Shares and the total issued Shares of the Company increased to 1,903,714,428 and 4,368,667,868
      Shares, respectively.
                                                  Company Profile
                                                  (As of December 31, 2019)




2019 Annual Report
                                                        The Headquarters of our Group is in Beijing and as of December 31, 2019, our Group has a number of subsidiaries in the PRC,
                                                        including CICC Wealth Management, CICC Capital, CICC Fund Management, CICC Pucheng and CICC Futures, and our Group has
                                                        established branch companies in Shanghai, Shenzhen, Xiamen, Chengdu and the Company and its subsidiaries with over 200
                                                        securities branches located in 29 provinces and municipalities of the PRC.


                                                        After over 20 years of unremitting efforts, our Group has achieved remarkable progress in business development and transformed
                                                        into an investment bank with an outstanding team, solid client base and excellent brand. In 2015, our Group obtained several
      22
                                                        business qualifications such as qualifications for internet finance business, integrated custodian business for private funds and
                                                        custodian business for securities investment funds. In 2017, CICC obtained from the National Interbank Funding Centre the
                                                        qualification of market makers for the Northbound Trading under Bond Connect. CICC Futures became a member of Shanghai




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                        International Energy Exchange Co., Ltd.. In 2018, CICC obtained the qualification for conducting pilot cross-border businesses and
                                                        the tier-one OTC option dealer qualification. In 2019, CICC obtained the Operation Qualification of RMB Currency Trading Business
                                                        and the Operation Qualification of Commodity Options Market-Making Business approved by the CSRC, the Pilot Qualification
                                                        of Financing Through Exercising Incentive Share Options of Listed Companies approved by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, the
                                                        Operation Qualification of Private Equity Fund Service approved by the Asset Management Association of China (including the
                                                        Operation Qualification of Shares Registration Business Service and the Operation Qualification of Valuation and Accounting
                                                        Business Service), the Operation Qualification of Lead Market Maker of Listed Funds approved by the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and
                                                        the Operation Qualification of STAR Market Securities Refinancing Business approved by the China Securities Finance Co., Ltd., and
                                                        CICC also became the Core Dealer of Credit Protection Contracts approved by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and a member of the
                                                        China Banking Association in 2019, which further improved our Group’s business landscape.


                                                        As the scope of business continues to expand, our Group has also actively ventured into overseas markets and has established
                                                        offices in six international financial centres, namely Hong Kong, New York, London, Singapore, San Francisco and Frankfurt with our
                                                        international presence further strengthened. It laid a solid foundation for our Company to become a China-based global investment
                                                        bank. Our Company was the first securities firm to obtain QDII qualification in 2007 and CICC US Securities was licensed by the US
                                                        Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and the US Securities and Exchange Commission in the same year; CICC Singapore was
                                                        licensed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore in 2008. In 2010, CICC UK was licensed by the UK Financial Services Authority. In
                                                        2011, CICC Hong Kong was among the first batch of securities companies to obtain approval to commence RQFII business under
                                                        pilot scheme, CICC HK Futures obtained a license to operate the futures business, and CICC UK was qualified as a member of the
                                                        London Stock Exchange. In 2012, CICC HK Securities obtained the license for leveraged foreign exchange trading during the same
                                                        year. In 2013, CICC US Securities was qualified to operate its own research report issuance business, and CICC HK AM obtained QFII
                                                        qualification. In 2016, the subsidiary of CICC Hong Kong obtained the qualification to be admitted to the national interbank bond
                                                        market, and CICC HK Securities obtained qualification for the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect. In 2017, CICC HK Securities
                                                        became the first batch of CCASS members to obtain the qualification for the Bond Connect. In 2018, CICC HK Securities became a
                                                        member and a settlement participant of Astana International Exchange Limited. CICC UK obtained the qualification of serving as a
                                                        UK cross-border global depositary receipt conversion institution under the Shanghai-London Stock Connect.


                                                        In recent years, our Group has focused on enhancing its core competitiveness, accelerating investments in innovative business,
                                                        further developing its offshore business, endeavoring to realize a balanced principal business structure and striving to become a
                                                        world renowned well-structured full-service financial institution.
Corporate Organization and Structure


                                                                                                                                                                                  2019 Annual Report
               Strategy Committee                                   General Meeting of Shareholders

            Remuneration Committee                                                                          Supervisory Committee

           Nomination and Corporate                                          Board of Directors
            Governance Committee                                                                                                           Board Office

                Audit Committee                                                                                                                                                         23

          Risk Management Committee                                        Chief Executive Officer                                   Internal Audit Department




                                                                                                                                                                                  China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                          Management Committee




                                                                                                                                                      Functional Management
     Investment Banking             Equities            FICC              Investment Management       Wealth Management             Research               Departments


                                                                                                                                                     • Risk Management
                                                                                                                                                        Department
                                                                                                                                                     • Legal and
                                                                                                                                                        Compliance Department
• Equity financing        • Trading services    • Interest and currency    • Asset management        • Trading services     • Macro                  • Business Support and
• Debt and structured     • Prime brokerage     • Credit                   • Mutual funds            • Capital services     • Industry                  Coordination Department
  financing               • Stock derivatives   • Securitization           • Private equity          • Product and          • Strategy               • Operation Department
• Financial advisory                            • Derivatives                investment                advisory services                             • Financial Control
• Capital business                                (incl. commodities)                                                                                   Department
                                                  and futures                                                                                        • Treasury Department
                                                                                                                                                     • IT Department
                                                                                                                                                     • Human Resources
                                                                                                                                                        Department
                                                                                                                                                     • Public Relations
                                                                                                                                                        Department, etc.



Notes:

1.        The Internal Audit Department is independent of the business departments of our Company and will report directly to the Audit Committee under
          the Board.

2.        The Risk Management Department and the Legal and Compliance Department will report to the Management Committee in their daily work, and
          will report to the Risk Management Committee under the Board.
                                                  Company Profile
                                                  (As of December 31, 2019)




                                                  Major Honors
2019 Annual Report




      24
                                                       Awarded in
                                                                                                                 2019
                                                  Since its incorporation in 1995, CICC has won honors and awards in events




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                  organized by domestic and foreign media and organizations: such as Best
                                                  Investment Bank in China, Best Sales Service Team and Most Influential
                                                  Research Institution by leveraging on its profound and professional
                                                  knowledge in economies, industries, laws and regulations, and quality
                                                  customer services. Below is a list of awards that we obtained in 2019:




                                                  Awards Sponsor: Finance Asia                               Awards Sponsor: IFR Asia
                                                  China Awards 2019                                          IFR Asia Awards 2019
                                                  –     Best Investment Bank                                 –    China Equity House
                                                  –     Best M&A House
                                                  –     Best Structured Finance Deal:                        Awards Sponsor: The Asset
                                                        Suning Yunchuang RMB4.9 billion Asset-backed         Triple A Country Awards 2019
                                                        Securitization                                       –    Best Equity:
                                                  Achievement Awards 2019                                         China East Education Holdings US$632 million HK
                                                  –     Deal of the Year:                                         IPO
                                                        Alibaba’s US$11.2 billion HK IPO                     –    Best ADR:
                                                  –     Best Equity Deal:                                         Luckin Coffee US$695 million US IPO
                                                        Sea Limited US$1.6 billion NYSE Follow-on Offering   –    Best Bank Capital Bond:
                                                  –     Best IPO:                                                 China Construction Bank US$1.85 billion tier 2
                                                        Hansoh Pharmaceutical’s US$1 billion HK IPO               Capital Bond
                                                  –     Best Deal of China:                                  –    Best Local Currency Bond:
                                                        China Railway Signal RMB10.5 billion A-Share STAR         Bank of China RMB40 billion Perpetual Capital Bond
                                                        Market IPO                                           –    Best Domestic M&A Deal:
                                                                                                                  China Merchants Group Acquisition of Liaoning
                                                                                                                  Port Group
                                                                                                             –    Best IPO (Singapore):
                                                                                                                  Prime US REIT US$632 million IPO
Awards Sponsor: Global Capital                              Awards Sponsor: Institutional


                                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report
2018 Equity Capital Markets Awards                          Investor & Caixin
–     ECM Deal of the Year in CEE, Russia and the CIS:      2019 All-China Research Team Awards
      Kazatomprom US$449 million IPO (Rank 1)               –     The All-China Best Research Team (ranked by
–     Privatisation of the Year:                                  analysts)
      Kazatomprom US$449 million IPO (Rank 2)                     Analyst Leaders: Overall (Rank 1)
                                                                  Analyst Leaders: Mainland China(Rank 2)
                                                                                                                               25
Awards Sponsor: Mergermarket                                      Analyst Leaders: Rest of World (Rank 1)
China M&A Awards 2019                                       –     The All-China Best Sales Team
–     M&A Financial Adviser of the Year                           The Leaders: Overall (Rank 1)




                                                                                                                         China International Capital Corporation Limited
–     Mid-Market M&A Financial Adviser of the Year 50-300         The Leaders: Mainland China (Rank 1)
      million USD                                                 The Leaders: Rest of World (Rank 1)
–     Pharmaceuticals, Medical and Biotech M&A Financial
      Adviser of the Year                                   Awards Sponsor: Asiamoney
                                                            China Corporate and Investment Banking Awards 2019
Awards Sponsor: HK Takung Wenwei                            –     Best for Domestic M&A
Golden Bauhinia Awards 2019                                 –     Best for Cross Border Equity Capital Markets
–     Best Listed Companies                                 New Silk Road Finance Awards 2019
                                                            –     Best Overall Research House for “Belt and Road”
Awards Sponsor: Institutional Investor                            Initiative
2019 All-Asia Executive Team (Banks Sector)                 –     Best Chinese Bank in the Region for “Belt and Road”
–     Most Honored Companies (Rank 3)                             Initiative (Central and Eastern Europe & Central and
–     Best CEOs:                                                  West Asia)
      Bi Mingjian (Buy-Side Rank 1/Combined Rank 2)         China Asset-Backed Securities Awards 2019
–     Best CFOs:                                            –     Most Innovative House of Securitization Business
      Wong King Fung (Buy-Side Rank 1/Combined Rank 2)      China Best Wealth Managers 2019
–     Best IR Companies (Buy-Side Rank 2/Combined Rank 3)   –     Best Securities House in Wealth Management
–     Best Corporate Governance (Rank 3)                    Asiamoney 30th Anniversary Brokers Poll of Polls
–     Best ESG/SRI Metrics (Rank 3)                         –     Best Local Brokerage in China
                                                  Company Profile
                                                  (As of December 31, 2019)




                                                                                                          Awards Sponsor: Fortune China


2019 Annual Report
                                                  Brokers Poll 2019
                                                  –     China (A&B Share)                                 China’s 30 Most Powerful Investors 2019
                                                          Overall Combined Research & Sales               –     Ding Wei, Chairman of CICC Capital
                                                          Best Local Brokerage
                                                          Best for Overall Research                       Awards Sponsor: Asian Private Banker
                                                          Best Overall Sales Services                     China Wealth Awards 2018
                                                  –     China (H-share, Red chip & P-chip)                –     Best Wealth Manager in China (Ultra High Net
      26
                                                          Best Local Brokerage                                  Worth Services)
                                                          Best for Overall Research                       –     Best Wealth Manager in China (Entrepreneur
                                                          Best Overall Sales Services                           Services)




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                  –     Hong Kong, China (Local Share)
                                                          Best Local Brokerage                            Awards Sponsor: Universum
                                                          Best for Overall Research (Rank 2)              2019 China’s Most Attractive Employers Rankings
                                                          Best Overall Sales Services                     –     Top 1 Investment Banks

                                                  Awards Sponsor: Refinitiv                               Awards Sponsor: International SOS
                                                  The Macallan ALB Hong Kong Law Awards 2019              2019 Duty of Care Awards
                                                  –     Lewis Sanders Award Investment Banking In-House   –     Innovation Honourable Mentions
                                                        Team of the Year
                                                  The StarMine Analyst Awards 2019 (Mainland China &      Awards Sponsor: Securities Times
                                                  Hong Kong)                                              Best Investment Bank in China Awards 2019
                                                  –     Top Most Award-Winning Brokers (Rank 2)           –     Best Full-Service Investment Bank
                                                                                                          –     Best Financial Advisory Investment Bank
                                                  Awards Sponsor: HKEX                                    –     Best IPO Investment Bank
                                                  Stock Connect Awards 2019                               –     Best ABS Investment Bank
                                                  –     Top Broker


                                                  Awards Sponsor: Forbes
                                                  List of 50 Top Multinational Leaders 2019
                                                  –     Bi Mingjian, CICC
                                                  Global 2000 List 2019
                                                  –     World’s Best Employers
Awards Sponsor: China Securities Journal                   Awards Sponsor: New Fortune


                                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report
Best Asset Management Products Awards 2018                 12th Best Investment Bank in China Awards
–     Best Asset Management Institution of the Year        –    Best Investment Bank for IPO
–     Best Asset Management Institution for Corporation    –    Best Investment Bank for Overseas Market
      Social Responsibility of the Year                    –    Best IPO Projects: PICC
–     Best Innovative Asset Management Plan of the Year:   –    Best Overseas Projects:
      CICC Bloomberg Barclays China Treasury 1-10 Years         Tianhua Institute’s Material Asset Restructuring and
                                                                                                                             27
             ETF                                                      Raising Supporting Funds via Issuing New
Best Securities Company Awards 2019                                   Shares
–     Top 10 Best Securities Companies




                                                                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited
–     Best Securities Companies for CSR                    Awards Sponsor: Caixin
–     Best Wealth Management Team                          Achievement Awards of Capital Market 2018
–     Best Investment Banking Team                         –    Best A-Share IPO Underwriter in China


Awards Sponsor: YICAI                                      Awards Sponsor: Caijing
SCI-TECH Innovation Awards 2019                            Evergreen Awards 2018
–     Best Investment Bank for STAR Market Service         –    Best for Sustainable Development and Inclusive
Equity Investment Value Ranking 2019                            Finance
–     Market-oriented FOF of the Year: CICC Capital        China Finance Summit Awards 2019
Best Securities Analyst 2018                               –    Best Investment Institution: CICC Capital
–     Best Research Institution                            Best Analyst Awards 2019
                                                           –    Best Research Institution
Awards Sponsor: CCDC
Best Member Awards 2018                                    Awards Sponsor: Wealth Magazine
–     Best Non-bank Underwriters                           Wealth APAC & China Awards 2019
–     Best Non-bank Underwriters for Local Government      –    Best Securities Company for Wealth Management
      Bond
–     Best Investment Bank for Principal Investment
      Business
–     Best Market Making and Clearing for Local
      Government Bond
                                                  Company Profile
                                                  (As of December 31, 2019)




                                                  Awards Sponsor: China.org.cn


2019 Annual Report
                                                  Financial Poverty Alleviation Awards 2018
                                                  –     Best Targeted Poverty Alleviation Institutions


                                                  Awards Sponsor: Tencent
                                                  China Benefit Corporation Award 2019
                                                  –     Best Charity Award
      28

                                                  Awards Sponsor: Ifnews
                                                  Charity and Poverty Alleviation Awards 2019




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                  –     Best Enterprises for Charity Innovation
                                                  Corporate Social Responsibility Awards 2019
                                                  –     Best Enterprises in China for Technology and
                                                        Innovation


                                                  Awards Sponsor: Sina
                                                  China ESG Golden Awards 2019
                                                  –     Best Securities Company for
                                                        Responsible Investment


                                                  Awards Sponsor: China FoF Alliance
                                                  China FoF Award 2019
                                                  –     Best Return FoF Manager in China
                                                        CICC Capital
                                                  –     Top 10 Most Outstanding Persons of FoF
                                                        Institutions in China
                                                        DING Wei from CICC Capital


                                                  Awards Sponsor: World Artificial
                                                  Intelligence Conference Committee
                                                  –     Outstanding Organization Award for 2019 WAIC
Summary of Accounting Data and
Financial Indicators

I.   MAJOR ACCOUNTING DATA AND FINANCIAL INDICATORS


                                                                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report
                                                                                            Change
     Items                                               2019             2018         year-on-year            2017            2016             2015

     Operating results(1) (RMB in million)
     Total revenue and other income                  22,782.5         18,539.7               22.9%          15,260.2         8,941.3          9,506.7
     Total expenses                                  17,541.3         14,270.9               22.9%          11,729.7         6,667.2          6,989.8
                                                                                                                                                                29
     Profit before income tax                         5,301.6           4,387.3              20.8%           3,601.0         2,329.7          2,620.6
     Profit for the year attributable to
        shareholders of the Company




                                                                                                                                                          China International Capital Corporation Limited
        and holders of other
        equity instruments                            4,238.7           3,492.2              21.4%           2,766.3         1,820.3          1,952.6
     Net cash (used in)/generated from
        operating activities                        (27,657.8)        11,056.1                 N/A         (30,484.5)      (10,098.0)        (5,226.6)
     Earnings per share (RMB/share)
     Basic and diluted earnings per share               0.990            0.830               19.4%            0.760            0.764           1.115
                                                                                       Increased by
                                                                                    0.8 percentage
     Weighted average return on net assets               9.6%             8.8%                point            8.8%           10.7%            20.4%


                                                December 31, December 31,                   Change December 31, December 31, December 31,
     Items                                               2019             2018         year-on-year            2017            2016             2015

     Financial position (RMB in million)
     Total assets                                  344,971.2         275,420.5               25.3%        237,811.9        101,948.5         94,108.8
     Total liabilities                             296,439.7         233,043.8               27.2%        200,919.5         83,451.7         77,666.8
     Total equity attributable to
        shareholders of the Company and
        holders of other equity instruments          48,293.8         42,183.5               14.5%          36,706.7        18,446.9         16,442.0
     Accounts payable to brokerage clients
        and to underwriting clients                  52,815.4         41,317.9               27.8%          47,346.5        17,392.4         25,218.1
     Total share capital (in million shares)          4,368.7           4,192.7                4.2%          3,985.1         2,306.7          2,306.7
     Net assets per share attributable
       to shareholders of the Company
       (RMB/share)                                       10.8               9.8              10.2%               9.0             7.6              6.7
                                                                                       Increased by
                                                                                    1.5 percentage
     Gearing ratio (%)                                 83.4%             81.9%               points           80.6%           78.1%            76.1%


     (1)     Our Group had included CISC (now known as CICC Wealth Management) in our consolidated financial statements since March 31, 2017, and
             therefore the Group’s operating results for 2017 consolidated the corresponding amounts of CISC (now known as CICC Wealth Management)
             for the period from April 1, 2017 to December 31, 2017, and the Group’s operating results for 2018 and 2019 consolidated the corresponding
             amounts of CISC (now known as CICC Wealth Management) for the year from January 1, 2018 to December 31, 2018 and for the year from
             January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2019, respectively.
                                                  Summary of Accounting Data and
                                                  Financial Indicators




2019 Annual Report
                                                  Total revenue and other income                                     Profit for the year – attributable to shareholders of the
                                                  RMB in million                                                     Company and holders of other equity instruments
                                                                                                                     RMB in million
                                                                                                          22,782.5                                                               4,238.7


                                                                                               18,539.7                                                               3,492.2

                                                                                   15,260.2
                                                                                                                                                           2,766.3
      30
                                                                                                                                      1,952.6
                                                              9,506.7 8,941.3                                                                   1,820.3




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                   2015    2016     2017        2018       2019                        2015      2016       2017       2018       2019




                                                  Weighted average return on net assets                              Gearing ratio
                                                                   20.4%                                                                                              81.9%      83.4%
                                                                                                                                                78.1%      80.6%
                                                                                                                                      76.1%




                                                                           10.7%
                                                                                                          9.6%
                                                                                    8.8%        8.8%




                                                                   2015    2016     2017        2018       2019                        2015      2016       2017       2018       2019



                                                  Total assets                                                       Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Company
                                                  RMB in million                                                     and holders of other equity instruments
                                                                                                                     RMB in million
                                                                                                       344,971.2                                                                 48,293.8

                                                                                                                                                                      42,183.5
                                                                                              275,420.5
                                                                                                                                                           36,706.7
                                                                                   237,811.9




                                                                                                                                                18,446.9
                                                                                                                                  16,442.0
                                                               94,108.8 101,948.5




                                                                    2015    2016     2017       2018       2019                        2015      2016       2017       2018       2019
II.   DIFFERENCES OF ACCOUNTING DATA UNDER DOMESTIC AND FOREIGN ACCOUNTING


                                                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report
      STANDARDS
      In terms of our Group’s consolidated net profits for 2019 and 2018 and the consolidated net assets as of December 31, 2019
      and December 31, 2018, there’s no difference between the data presented in the consolidated financial statements prepared in
      accordance with IFRSs and that presented in the consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with CASs.


III. NET CAPITAL AND RELEVANT RISK CONTROL INDICATORS                                                                                          31

      As of December 31, 2019, the net capital of the Company amounted to RMB28,702.0 million, representing an increase of 16.8% as
      compared with RMB24,577.5 million as of December 31, 2018. In 2019, our Company’s net capital and other risk control indicators




                                                                                                                                         China International Capital Corporation Limited
      all met regulatory requirements.


                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB in million


                                                                                              December 31,            December 31,
      Items                                                                                             2019                    2018

      Core net capital                                                                              19,134.7                 16,385.0
      Supplementary net capital                                                                      9,567.3                  8,192.5
      Net capital                                                                                   28,702.0                 24,577.5
      Net assets                                                                                    40,885.3                 37,265.5
      Total risk capital reserves                                                                   21,663.2                 18,399.0
      Total on-and-off-balance-sheet assets                                                        182,810.8                155,320.8
      Risk coverage ratio                                                                            132.5%                   133.6%
      Capital leverage ratio                                                                          10.5%                    10.5%
      Liquidity coverage ratio                                                                       251.9%                   438.3%
      Net stable funding ratio                                                                       128.8%                   157.0%
      Net capital/net assets                                                                          70.2%                    66.0%
      Net capital/liabilities                                                                         24.7%                    22.7%
      Net assets/liabilities                                                                          35.1%                    34.5%
      Equity securities and related derivatives held/net capital                                      44.9%                    20.6%
      Non-equity securities and related derivatives held/net capital                                 290.1%                   347.5%
Management Discussion and Analysis
Management
Discussion
and Analysis
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis


                                                  I.   CORPORATE STRATEGIES AND OPERATIONS


2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                                      At a meeting held in September 2019, China Securities
                                                                                                                      Regulatory Commission (CSRC) highlighted twelve key
                                                       Market Environment
                                                                                                                      missions in the capital market reform. Major reform
                                                       China continued to advance financial reforms and open          measures implemented before and after the meeting
                                                       up its financial sector in 2019. To cope with challenging      include amendments to the Securities Law, especially
                                                       economic and financial conditions at home and abroad,          amendments to facilitate the registration-based IPO reform,
                                                       China has made its macro and financial policies more           and revisions to rules on major asset restructuring. Other
      34
                                                       forward-looking and well-targeted. The financial industry      reform initiatives implemented include issuance of draft
                                                       provided greater support to private-sector companies           rules on follow-on offerings for public opinion, the launch
                                                       and small/micro enterprises. China has made significant        of pilot stock options and stock index options, reforms




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                       progress in prevention and settlement of major financial       to the ChiNext board and the NEEQ system (National
                                                       risks. The country properly resolved various risk events and   Equities Exchange and Quotations), as well as the reform to
                                                       went on to deal with risks at deeper levels. Despite rising    convert non-float stocks (non-tradable shares) of H-share
                                                       forces against globalization, China took firm and decisive     companies into free float (the “H-share full circulation”
                                                       action to further open up its financial sector, lower entry    reform). We believe that China will further advance capital
                                                       barriers for overseas players, and made steady progress        market reforms in 2020. Taking into account information
                                                       in capital account liberalization. These well illustrate       from the Central Economic Work Conference held at
                                                       China’s openness and wisdom as a major member of the           end-2019, we believe key capital market reforms in 2020
                                                       international community.                                       may include further expansion of the registration-based
                                                                                                                      IPO reform, improvement to the market’s exit mechanisms,
                                                       The opening-up of China financial sector further picked        further development of the derivatives market, attraction
                                                       up speed in 2019, i.e. removing restrictions on the            of more long-term funds into the market, and continued
                                                       business scope of overseas banks, securities firms and         reforms to the ChiNext board and the NEEQ system. In the
                                                       fund management companies in China, scrapping the              medium and long term, capital market reforms will help
                                                       quota limits on QFII and RQFII investment schemes,             improve market mechanisms, boost development of strong
                                                       setting clear timetables for the removal of foreign equity     companies, and improve the market’s vitality and resilience.
                                                       limits in securities firms, lowering its requirement on the    Capital market reforms present strategic opportunities for
                                                       qualification of overseas banks and insurance companies        securities firms, as they are main service providers in this
                                                       that intend to enter the Chinese market, as well as            market.
                                                       introducing policies to facilitate overseas institutions’
                                                       investment in China’s interbank bond market. These             In the face of complex economic conditions at home
                                                       measures clearly show that China’s opening-up has              and abroad, the regulatory authority maintained prudent
                                                       accelerated rather than stalled, demonstrating China’s         monetary policies and took decisive actions to prevent
                                                       determination of further integration into global financial     and resolve major financial risks. Meanwhile, structural
                                                       markets. As China may step up policy effort to open up         supply-side financial reforms continued. The PBOC cut
                                                       its financial sector in 2020, Chinese financial institutions   the reserve requirement ratio (RRR) three times in 2019,
                                                       should take the opportunity to develop cross-border            and kept liquidity in the banking system at a reasonable
                                                       business and seek more opportunities for long-term             and adequate level by using a variety of monetary policy
                                                       growth.                                                        tools. China curbed the excessive rise of its macro leverage
                                                                                                                      ratio, and the crackdown on shadow banking has been
                                                                                                                      effective. The regulator’s takeover of Baoshang Bank marks
                                                                                                                                2019 Annual Report
a major breakthrough in its treatment of troubled financial     Further opening-up of China’s financial sector created
institutions, as it protected the interest of depositors to     opportunities. Overseas capital kept flowing into Chinese
the largest extent but broke the misconception that the         markets, raising the market share of foreign investors.
regulator would guarantee the recovery of all principals        Despite internal and external uncertainties and challenges,
and interests. Meanwhile, China effectively dealt with          overseas capital inflows to Chinese markets further
external shocks. The trade friction and fluctuations in         mounted throughout 2019. MSCI substantially raised the
overseas markets did not have significant impacts on            inclusion factor for A-shares from 5% at the beginning of
                                                                                                                                      35
domestic financial markets. In addition, China has been         2019 to 20% at the end of the year, and also admit included
building better mechanisms to deal with bond defaults.          mid-cap A-shares into its indices. As a result, overseas
Market-based credit spread is also improving. Risks in          investors’ net purchase of A-shares via Shanghai-Hong




                                                                                                                                China International Capital Corporation Limited
internet finance, particularly those linked to P2P and cash     Kong and Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect programs
loan lenders, have been brought under control.                  reached RMB351.7 billion on a full-year basis in 2019, much
                                                                higher than the level in 2018 (RMB294.2 billion). In addition
The financial sector provided increasing support to the real    to equities, overseas investors also continued to buy
economy and facilitated China’s economic transformation.        Chinese bonds. As Chinese bonds were included into key
Financing for small/micro and private-sector companies          international bond indexes, the trading volume through
improved. Banks gave priority to lending support to             the Bond Connect scheme has hit new highs and overseas
key projects, small/micro and private-sector companies,         institutions’ holdings of Chinese bonds have been growing
as well as household consumption. Regulators urged              steadily. The total number of overseas investors and trading
financial institutions to support key areas, major programs     volume through the Bond Connect scheme grew 218%
and key projects under construction, and hence assist           and 198% on a full-year basis. Latest data from the PBOC
in the high-quality development of the manufacturing            shows that overseas institutions and individuals combined
industry. Meanwhile, China took various measures to             held RMB2.1 trillion worth of Renminbi-denominated
improve financing availability and reduce financing costs       equities in China at the end of 2019, up by RMB950.1 billion
for small/micro and private-sector companies. Thanks            from the level at the end of 2018. In addition, overseas
to joint efforts of multiple regulators and institutions,       institutions and individuals held RMB2.26 trillion worth of
the volume of financing for small and micro companies           Renminbi-denominated bonds in China at the end of 2019,
increased, a higher percentage of these companies               up by RMB551.3 billion from the level at the end of 2018.
obtained financing, and the cost of financing declined.         The share of overseas investors in the Chinese market also
These achievements beat the regulator’s target that large       rose along with the continued inflow of overseas capital.
state-owned commercial banks’ total lending to small/           Looking forward, against the backdrop of overall lackluster
micro companies should grow more than 30% in 2019,              global economic growth, and prevailing low yields, even
while the total cost of financing for these companies           negative yields, we believe Chinese assets’ attractiveness
should decline by 1 percentage point. The government            will increase and attract further foreign inflows.
required various ministries and regulators to work together
to improve financial services to small/micro companies by
issuing favorable monetary policies, fiscal policies, as well
as policies on taxation, credit check and NPL write-off.
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                    Landscape of securities industry


2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                                        better utilize their capital to develop new businesses, such as
                                                                                                                        derivatives and OTC business. In addition, we should watch for
                                                    The capital market rebounded and profitability of the
                                                                                                                        the enhancement of corporate competitiveness amid market
                                                    securities industry recovered significantly. In 2019, we
                                                                                                                        opening-up and overseas business expansion. We believe
                                                    saw a 36% rise in the CSI 300 Index and a 42% YoY increase
                                                                                                                        that winners will be top securities firms with market-based
                                                    in A-share market turnover. Given the strong correlation
                                                                                                                        business mechanisms and superior ability to better utilize their
                                                    between capital market performance and business results
                                                                                                                        capital to support business development.
      36                                            of securities firms, we estimate the aggregate earnings
                                                    of securities firms grew nearly 70% in 2019. From the
                                                                                                                        Top-down reform and opening-up of capital market
                                                    perspective of business structure, the main contributor to
                                                                                                                        support long-term growth of the securities industry.




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                    earnings growth was the substantial increase in investment
                                                                                                                        Under the regulator’s new policy stance, we expect
                                                    income from rising equity and bond markets. Brokerage
                                                                                                                        three key long-term trends in the securities industry: 1)
                                                    and investment banking business both improved, while
                                                                                                                        As China’s economic transformation calls for changes in
                                                    the asset management business remained stable. The
                                                                                                                        the financing structure, we believe the percentage of
                                                    decline in financing costs also boosted earnings, as falling
                                                                                                                        direct financing (especially equity financing) will grow
                                                    market interest rates reduced the marginal financing costs
                                                                                                                        substantially. A recent document issued by the China
                                                    of securities firms. Top securities firms enjoyed even lower
                                                                                                                        Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission states
                                                    funding costs, as the regulatory authority allowed them
                                                                                                                        that China plans to take various measures to channel
                                                    to issue financial bonds and gave them higher quotas for
                                                                                                                        household savings into the capital market as long-term
                                                    commercial paper issuance. Top securities firms received
                                                                                                                        investment. We believe that growth of the capital market
                                                    these favorable treatments as the regulatory authority
                                                                                                                        will create a wide range of development opportunities for
                                                    asked them to help solve liquidity problems in non-bank
                                                                                                                        securities firms, as they are the most professional providers
                                                    financial institutions.
                                                                                                                        of financial intermediary services in the capital market. 2)
                                                                                                                        Accelerated opening-up of China’s capital market and the
                                                    We expect industry concentration to further increase
                                                                                                                        removal of entry barriers for overseas financial institutions
                                                    thanks to the CSRC’s initiatives to boost development
                                                                                                                        may result in more intense competition. However, we
                                                    of top securities firms. These initiatives include: 1) Multiple
                                                                                                                        believe that market opening and intensifying competition
                                                    measures to replenish capital of securities firms and
                                                                                                                        will lead to more mature business models, and hence
                                                    encourage market-based M&A to create stronger companies;
                                                                                                                        make China’s securities industry more competitive. 3) As
                                                    2) Expansion of securities firms’ service scope to cover new
                                                                                                                        competition intensifies and regulators favor strong players,
                                                    business lines, including over-the-counter (OTC) business,
                                                                                                                        we believe the market share of large securities firms will
                                                    M&A-related financing, as well as pilot derivative business
                                                                                                                        further increase and the industry landscape will improve.
                                                    and conversion of Renminbi into/from foreign exchange; 3)
                                                                                                                        In capital-backed business lines, securities firms attach
                                                    Support for improvement in corporate rules and incentive
                                                                                                                        greater importance to product development and services
                                                    mechanisms; 4) Encouragement of corporate investment in
                                                                                                                        for institutional clients. Meanwhile, brokerage business
                                                    IT and technological innovation; 5) Support for international
                                                                                                                        is transforming into wealth management, and the focus
                                                    business expansion; 6) Requirement for better compliance and
                                                                                                                        of asset management business is shifting towards active
                                                    risk management. While capital replenishment is an important
                                                                                                                        management and product creation that leverage securities
                                                    topic, investors should pay greater attention to the reform/
                                                                                                                        firms’ unique strengths. The investment banking business
                                                    opening-up of China’s capital market and market-based
                                                                                                                        is also undergoing significant changes as China shifts from
                                                    competition among domestic and foreign securities firms,
                                                                                                                        the approval-based IPO system to a registration-based
                                                    as they may help securities firms better utilize their capital to
                                                                                                                        framework. We believe these trends will help securities
                                                    develop business more efficiently. Investors should also keep
                                                                                                                        firms improve capital utilization efficiency (i.e. the leverage
                                                    a close eye on improvement of competitive landscape as a
                                                                                                                        ratio) and business profitability (ROA), thereby raising ROE
                                                    result of market-based M&A, and securities firm’s ability to
                                                                                                                        over the long term.
      Development Strategies


                                                                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report
      The strategic goal of our Group is to actively seize strategic opportunities to drive growth and achieve a leap in development, so
      as to establish the Company as a first-class international investment bank in China and become a core player in the future financial
      system.


      Business Plans
                                                                                                                                                       37
      To achieve our strategic goal, our concrete strategic initiatives for 2020 include: intensifying investment to drive growth in scale and
      strength; Two Bases and Six Pillars, One CICC; promoting institutional innovation and strengthening corporate culture; deepening
      local penetration, and expanding international footprints; promoting digitalized transformation and building a CICC eco-cycle.




                                                                                                                                                 China International Capital Corporation Limited
II.   ANALYSIS OF CORE COMPETITIVENESS
      (I)   Premier Brand
            Our Company has established a premier brand in the financial services industry. Since the inception, our Company has drawn
            on advanced management model of world-class investment banks and combined with best practices in China, and has
            always adhered to the business philosophy of “By the People and For the Nation, Professionalism and Diligence, Innovation
            and Entrepreneurship, Clients First, and Integrity”, which won us a market reputation at home and abroad. For the years,
            while maintaining high-standard practices, our Company has actively participated in reforms and system construction of the
            capital market to stimulate business innovation. Our Company maintained leading positions in many businesses for years,
            and was honored numerous awards as the best player in China.


            Our Company regarded the brand cultivation and cultural building as key measures to continuously enhance our market
            leading position. Leveraging our franchise and core values of professionalism, entrepreneurship and pursuing excellence,
            our Company continued to attract outstanding talents and new clients, expand our business scope and capture important
            business opportunities while maintaining the stability of existing employees and clients.


      (II) High-quality Client Base
            Our Company has explored an extensive and profound client base with high quality. Relying on our excellent service quality
            and professional service capabilities, our Company has formed a profound client base covering a wide range of large-sized
            enterprises, high-quality emerging growth companies, professional institutional investors and growing wealth management
            clients that play important roles in the national economy and capital market. We can provide our clients with complicated,
            diversified and high-quality business services through our integrated and customized cross-border platform. We have
            developed long-term cooperation with clients and are dedicated to providing them with a comprehensive suite of products
            and services.
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                    (III) Forward-Looking and Balanced Business Structure


2019 Annual Report
                                                        We have established our business structure from a forward-looking prospective based on our insight into development
                                                        trends of global capital markets. With the accelerating process of internationalization and institutionalization of the capital
                                                        market in recent years, a large number of traditional channel businesses are facing tremendous pressure. As such, in line
                                                        with the trend of internationalization, institutionalization and productization, our Company continued to enhance overall
                                                        capabilities and embark on a new track in advance, with the aim to promote the sustainable development of emerging
      38                                                businesses related to the science and technology innovation board, prime brokerage business, cross-border business, asset
                                                        management business and wealth management business.


                                                    (IV) Outstanding Cross-border Capability




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                        Capitalizing on our distinct international DNA and first mover advantage in pursuing international strategy, our Company
                                                        has formed outstanding cross-border business capabilities with a leading position in the cross-border arena, thus proactively
                                                        playing our role in serving cross-border capital transactions and promoting the mutual opening of financial markets.


                                                        In terms of international presence, Our Company has established overseas operations and business activities in six financial
                                                        centres across Hong Kong, New York, London, Singapore, San Francisco and Frankfurt, which are managed by respective
                                                        business lines vertically, so as to fully mobilize domestic and overseas resources including research, people and products,
                                                        thus providing one-stop cross-border services for our clients. The seamless connection among our domestic and overseas
                                                        businesses equipped our teams with both domestic and overseas business experience. The substantial majority of members
                                                        of our investment banking and research teams have obtained qualifications for domestic businesses and businesses in
                                                        several overseas regions.


                                                        In terms of cross-border business, our Company has been serving the “introduction” and “going global” needs of industrial
                                                        capital and financial capital, which enabled us to enjoy certain advantages in businesses such as overseas IPOs for PRC-based
                                                        companies, offshore bond offerings, and cross-border mergers and acquisitions, to sustain strong growth in emerging
                                                        businesses such as cross-border transactions and the Connect business and to maintain the leading market in terms of
                                                        transaction volume of the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect business, thereby
                                                        strengthening the influence of PRC-based institutions in the international market. In addition, our Company continued to
                                                        enhance cross-border business capabilities and international presence through the acquisition of Krane Funds Advisors in
                                                        the United States.


                                                    (V) Leading and Influential Research
                                                        Research is an important foundation for our business. Our talented and experienced international research team has
                                                        provided objective, independent, prudent and professional research services for domestic and overseas clients through our
                                                        research platform covering the global markets. With in-depth understanding, thorough analysis and unique insights into
                                                        Chinese companies and industries, our research team won the Company a reputation as the “China Expert”.


                                                        Our research capabilities have been widely recognized by influential international institutions. These included the “No.
                                                        1 Overall Country Research for China” in the Asiamoney Brokers Poll, which marked the 14th consecutive year of our
                                                        championship in this poll from 2006 to 2019. We were also named the “No.1 The All-China Best Research Team”（Ranked by
                                                        Analyst Leaders：Overall）by Institutional Investor for eight consecutive years from 2012 to 2019.
(VI) Experienced Management and High-quality Workforce


                                                                                                                                  2019 Annual Report
    Our Company has a senior management team with global perspectives and entrepreneurship, and a high-quality workforce
    with full licenses at home and abroad.


    Rooted in our international DNA, most members of our senior management team have work experience in domestic and
    overseas financial institutions with global perspectives. Meantime, they have experienced the main development course and
    multiple cycles of China’s securities industry, and are equipped with rich experience and profound understanding regarding          39
    domestic and overseas capital markets and the securities markets. Riding on the concept of “Chinese Roots and International
    Reach”, our senior management team has constantly combined advanced management experience with the practices of




                                                                                                                                  China International Capital Corporation Limited
    China’s financial reform, and took the lead in developing new products and vigorously exploring new markets.


    Our excellent brand and high-quality platforms enabled us to recruit the best graduates from top domestic and overseas
    universities, providing the best talents for our domestic and overseas branches. Our sound staff development and training
    system have provided comprehensive and systematic training for employees at different levels and positions, thereby
    continuously enhancing professional capabilities of our workforce and equipping them with practice capabilities to obtain
    full licenses. Meanwhile, riding on the advanced international experience, our Company has developed advanced talent
    selection and cultivation mechanism combining incentives in line with market benchmarks, thereby maintaining a large
    number of outstanding talents to support the long-term sustainable development of our Company. Through the above
    measures, we developed high-quality workforce, to support our rapid, healthy and sustainable development.


(VII) Efficient Management Model and Prudent Risk Management Mechanism
    We have established an efficient and reasonable management model and a comprehensive and prudent risk management
    mechanism. Since establishment, our Company has adhered to the concept of combining best international practices with
    the actual conditions of China, formulated a full set of governance structure and management procedures in line with
    international standards, and established a vertical management model covering business operations and internal control
    of the Company to ensure efficient and effective management. At the same time, our Company has always adhered to and
    continuously strengthened the “all staff, whole process, full coverage and penetrating” risk control compliance system and
    operating mechanism, through which the parent company can conduct integrated vertical management over domestic and
    overseas subsidiaries and branches, and the same business and the same client can be subject to unified risk management.
    Therefore, our Company has formed a centralized and effective business management and risk control, and unified
    decision-making, management and resources allocation, thus ensuring the smooth and orderly development of our business
    and the stable operation of our risk control system.
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                     (VIII) Advanced Information Technology Capabilities


2019 Annual Report
                                                           We consider information technology as a core component of our competitiveness. We have a sound IT governance structure
                                                           and the industry-leading independent research and development capabilities. Our Company has developed three basic
                                                           technology systems regarding basic transactions, products and services, and risk control and operation management, to
                                                           provide complicated whole-process and end-to-end financial products and services for clients and various business units as
                                                           well as global support of comprehensive business operation and management capabilities. Our Company has adopted self-
      40                                                   developed and industry-leading core business systems and platforms with stable operation.


                                                           The Company will continue to promote our business development based on information technologies. With the continuous




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                           advancement of information technologies in recent years, our Company has also increased capital investment in and
                                                           attached importance to talent training and capacity building, continued to optimize our organizational structure and
                                                           operating model, and proactively researched and explored the application of new technologies in various business areas of
                                                           investment banks, so as to promote the integration of businesses and technologies. Capitalizing on the advantages brought
                                                           by the booming development of China’s financial technologies, we have actively carried out strategic cooperation with
                                                           China’s leading technology companies in the development of new products, businesses and models. In September 2019, our
                                                           Company announced that it proposed to establish a joint venture technology company with Tencent in China. As such, we
                                                           can provide more convenient, intelligent and differentiated wealth management solutions, enhance the service efficiency of
                                                           investment consultants, optimize precision marketing and drive the accelerated transformation and scalable development of
                                                           the Company’s wealth management business.


                                                  III. ANALYSIS OF PRINCIPAL BUSINESS
                                                     Investment Banking
                                                     Equity Financing
                                                     Market Environment
                                                     In the A-share primary market, the size of IPO increased significantly, while the size of follow-on offering has decreased dramatically.
                                                     Driven by the rebound of secondary market and the official launch of STAR Market, in 2019, a total of 202 A-share IPOs were
                                                     completed, with an aggregate financing size of RMB253,367 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 84.3%; in terms of
                                                     follow-on offerings, a total of 146 transactions were closed, with an aggregate financing size of RMB149,128 million, representing a
                                                     year-on-year decrease of 58.0%.


                                                     In the Hong Kong primary market, the market activities continued to maintain relatively high. In 2019, a total of 160 Hong Kong
                                                     IPOs were completed, with an aggregate financing size of approximately US$40,316 million, representing a year-on-year increase
                                                     of 9.9%; in terms of follow-on offerings and selldowns, a total of 164 transactions were closed with an aggregate amount of
                                                     approximately US$16,780 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 39.9%.


                                                     In the U.S. primary market, listings in the U.S. by PRC-based companies slowed down, while follow-on offerings were relatively
                                                     active. In 2019, a total of 29 US IPOs of PRC-based companies were completed, with an aggregate financing size of approximately
                                                     US$3,881 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 58.0%; in terms of follow-on offerings and selldowns, a total of 42
                                                     transactions were closed with an aggregate amount of approximately US$8,366 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
                                                     101.5%.
Actions and Achievements



                                                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report
In 2019, our Company continued to enjoy advantages in traditional businesses such as finance, energy, military industry,
transportation, construction and consumption; in the meantime, we enhanced our presence and coverage in emerging industries
to improve our industry capabilities. We ranked No.1 sponsor for global IPOs of PRC-based enterprises in terms of aggregate
financing and underwriting amount in 2019.


In 2019, our Company maintained a leading position in the A-share stock market. In 2019, the Company completed eight of the top 10             41
A-share IPO projects in terms of aggregate financing amount. In 2019, the Company closed a total of 15 A-share IPOs, with an aggregate
lead underwriting amount of RMB65,016 million acting as the sponsor, ranking No.1 in the market in terms of aggregate underwriting




                                                                                                                                         China International Capital Corporation Limited
amount; we also closed a total 18 A-share IPOs, with an aggregate lead underwriting amount of RMB40,262 million acting as the lead
underwriter, ranking No.2 in the market in terms of aggregate underwriting amount. The Company closed a total of 6 A-share refinancing
projects, with an aggregate lead underwriting amount of RMB7,830 million acting as the lead underwriter, ranking No.7 in the market in
terms of aggregate underwriting amount.


In 2019, the Company maintained a leading position in the Hong Kong stock market, completed such landmark transactions as the
secondary listing of Alibaba on the HKEx and the Hong Kong IPO of Budweiser Brewing Company APAC Limited, and furthered our edges
in Hong Kong equity financing deals. In 2019, the Company sponsored a total of 16 Hong Kong IPOs with an aggregate underwriting
amount of US$8,073 million, ranking No. 1 in the market in terms of the number of IPOs and the aggregate underwriting amount.
The Company underwrote a total of 23 Hong Kong IPOs acting as the global coordinator, with an aggregate underwriting amount of
US$5,911 million, ranking No. 1 in the market in terms of the number of IPOs and the aggregate underwriting amount. The Company
underwrote a total of 30 Hong Kong IPOs acting as the lead bookrunner, with an aggregate underwriting amount of US$4,201 million,
ranking No. 1 in the market in terms of aggregate underwriting amount. The Company underwrote 10 transactions of refinancings and
sell-downs for Hong Kong IPOs acting as the lead bookrunner, with an aggregate lead underwriting amount of US$1,373 million, ranking
No. 3 in the market in terms of aggregate underwriting amount.


In 2019, we participated and executed well in several landmark US IPOs of PRC-based companies. The Company underwrote
a total of 10 US IPOs of PRC-based companies acting as the lead bookrunner, with an aggregate lead underwriting amount of
US$422 million, ranking No. 1 in the market in terms of deal number and No. 2 in terms of aggregate underwriting amount. The
Company underwrote one US follow-on offering of PRC-based companies acting as the lead bookrunner, with an aggregate lead
underwriting amount of US$316 million, ranking No. 7 in the market in terms of aggregate underwriting amount.
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                       2019                              2018
                                                                                         Lead underwriting    Number of    Lead underwriting    Number of
                                                    Items                                          amount      offerings            amount       offerings
                                                    A Shares                               (RMB in million)                  (RMB in million)
                                                    IPOs                                            40,262           18               36,193            9
                                                    Follow-on offerings                              7,830            6               25,126            7
      42                                            Preference shares offerings                     38,125            5               11,875            2


                                                                                                       2019                              2018




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                         Lead underwriting    Number of    Lead underwriting    Number of
                                                    Items                                          amount      offerings            amount       offerings
                                                    Hong Kong equity offerings             (USD in million)                  (USD in million)
                                                    IPOs                                             4,201           30                1,605           17
                                                    Follow-on offerings                              1,373           10                2,296            9


                                                                                                       2019                              2018
                                                                                         Lead underwriting    Number of    Lead underwriting    Number of
                                                    Items                                          amount      offerings            amount       offerings
                                                    U.S. equity offerings by PRC-based
                                                    companies                              (USD in million)                  (USD in million)
                                                    IPOs                                               422           10                  739            5
                                                    Follow-on offerings                                316            1                    –            –
Outlook for 2020



                                                                                                                               2019 Annual Report
                                                                market ranking for two consecutive years. CICC ranked
                                                                first among state-owned financial institutions in terms of
In 2020, we will continue to adhere to national strategies
                                                                size of financial bond issuance, and took the lead in all
to seize opportunities brought by market reforms; we will
                                                                aspects in the perpetual bond of commercial banks which
improve service capabilities with focus on core customers
                                                                was the most important innovative product in the year.
from all areas of new economies, to ensure our leadership
                                                                As for asset-backed securities business, CICC has basically
in major transactions; we will enhance expansion
                                                                covered all types of basic assets. We ranked first in the
of cross-border businesses and implement regional
                                                                industry in terms of size of CMBS products as the project            43
strategies; in addition, we will continue to strengthen
                                                                manager, maintaining our competitive advantages in
risk management and accelerate the development of
                                                                onshore innovative bond products. Meantime, benefiting
information system, to improve the overall quality and
                                                                from our sound business layout, the scale of our offshore




                                                                                                                               China International Capital Corporation Limited
efficiency of our operation.
                                                                debt business has grown significantly, and continued to
                                                                rank No. 1 among Chinese securities firms in terms of the
Debt and Structured Financing
                                                                underwriting amount of investment-grade USD bond
Market Environment                                              offerings by PRC-based issuers.

In 2019, the yield of the domestic bond market headed
                                                                In terms of product innovation, CICC completed the
down sharply as a whole. The supply in primary market
                                                                perpetual bond of Bank of China which represented the
continued to expand, and the supply of medium- and
                                                                first perpetual bond product in the industry, the perpetual
long-term items increased. The total amount of onshore
                                                                bond of Minsheng Bank which was the first perpetual bond
credit bond issuance reached approximately RMB14.8
                                                                product of joint stock banks, the perpetual bond of Taizhou
trillion in the year, representing a year-on-year increase of
                                                                Bank which was the first perpetual bond product of city
29.3%. In the offshore market, with US Fed’s interest rate
                                                                commercial banks. We completed the asset-backed PPP bill
cuts and the net capital inflows in Asian bond markets, the
                                                                of Shiyan Branch of China Construction Third Engineering
offshore bond markets went strong. In 2019, the overseas
                                                                Bureau Co. Ltd., which was the first pipeline corridor PPP;
debt capital raising amount of PRC-based companies
                                                                the Sinar Mas Group CMBS, which was the largest renewal
amounted to approximately US$225,521 million,
                                                                of CMBS products in the year; CDS of WENS, which was
representing a year-on-year increase of 16.9%.
                                                                the first credit protection contract on the Shenzhen Stock
                                                                Exchange; the financing of CICC-China Jinmao mezzanine
Actions and Achievements
                                                                project, which was the first financing of tilting allocation
In 2019, with expanding regional presence and improving         project; and the China State Construction International
professional capabilities as the core, the FICC strategy of     bond with a size of US$500 million, which was the first
CICC continued to make achievements. Breakthroughs              bond listed on the Macau Stock Exchange by a state-
were also made in exploring business innovation and             owned enterprise and its subsidiaries.
improving sales capabilities. In 2019, we closed a total
of 540 transactions, representing a year-on-year increase       Outlook for 2020
of over 61%, with an aggregate underwriting amount of
                                                                In 2020, we will continue to enhance capacity building,
approximately RMB665,973 million, including 437 onshore
                                                                and improve the quality of fixed income business; we will
transactions with an aggregate underwriting amount
                                                                enhance coverage over core local customers to improve
of approximately RMB612,094 million, and 103 offshore
                                                                our overall productivity; we will consolidate our market
transactions with an aggregate underwriting amount of
                                                                share by integrating advantageous resources, and ensure
approximately US$7,738 million.
                                                                our leading position in large financial bond projects and
                                                                bond projects of centrally-owned enterprises. In addition,
In 2019, CICC further deepened its strategic deployment
                                                                we will summarize our existing experience, explore
with regional layout, product innovation and professional
                                                                effective cooperation related to the debt restructuring
teams as the core. CICC’s ranking moved up from No. 4 in
                                                                business, and look ahead to seize major business
2018 to No. 3 among securities firms in terms of onshore
                                                                opportunities such as public offering of REITs.
bond offering amount, representing an improvement in
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                    Financial Advisory Services



2019 Annual Report
                                                    Market environment
                                                    In 2019, according to statistics of Dealogic, 5,308 mergers and acquisitions (“M&A”) by PRC-based companies were announced with
                                                    an aggregate amount of approximately US$458,807 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 14.0%, among which, 4,506
                                                    were domestic M&A transactions with a total amount of approximately US$374,767 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of
                                                    13.6%; and 802 were cross-border M&A transactions with a total amount of approximately US$84,040 million, representing a year-
                                                    on-year decrease of 15.5%.
      44

                                                    Actions and Achievements




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                    We continued to grow and reinforce our leadership in the M&A business. In 2019, according to M&A statistics by Dealogic, the
                                                    Company announced 60 deals, involving an amount of approximately US$103,010 million. Among these transactions, 47 were
                                                    domestic M&A transactions with a total amount of approximately US$59,175 million and 13 were cross-border M&A transactions
                                                    with a total amount of approximately US$43,835 million. In 2019, the Company ranked No.1 in the PRC M&A market, with a market
                                                    share of approximately 13.9%, further strengthening CICC’s market leadership.

                                                    The milestone transactions announced in 2019 include:

                                                    Projects                                                    Size    Highlights
                                                    Market-based reform of Evergrowing Bank           RMB100 billion    The largest domestic M&A and restructuring deal in 2019 in
                                                                                                                        terms of transaction amount

                                                    China Merchants Group’s takeover of               RMB65.7 billion   The first project to support the revitalization of old industrial
                                                      Liaoning Port Group                                               bases in Northeast China and promote supply-side structural
                                                                                                                        reforms of the port industry

                                                    China Baowu’s restructuring of Ma Steel Group     RMB20.1 billion   A milestone strategic reorganization in the steel industry,
                                                                                                                        with the aim to build a steel group with hundreds of millions
                                                                                                                        of tons throughput and a global leader in the steel industry

                                                    Shanghai RAAS’s acquisition of equity interests   RMB13.2 billion   The first project of cross-border stock swap between private
                                                      in GDS                                                            enterprises

                                                    Privatisation of Admiral                           HK$6.8 billion   The first privatization deal of a Chinese company listed in
                                                       Oversea Corporation                                              Hong Kong and Singapore

                                                    Minjiang Hydropower asset swap                    RMB4.6 billion    A pilot project for mixed ownership reform in the power
                                                                                                                        industry, which transformed the traditional electricity
                                                                                                                        generation, distribution and sales businesses into cloud-
                                                                                                                        network integration business with the State Grid

                                                    China Merchants Property’s injection                RMB3 billion    The first project to realize the A-share listing of both the
                                                      into AVIC Sunda                                                   parent company and the subsidiary by using the equity as
                                                                                                                        the consideration

                                                    Debt Restructuring Project of Qinghai Salt Lake     Debt size of    The largest ever debt restructuring of a listed company
                                                                                                      RMB48.3 billion

                                                    Debt Restructuring Project of Shenyang                         –    Central and local cooperation to promote the integration
                                                      Machine Tool                                                      and product upgrading of China’s machine tool industry
Outlook for 2020                                                  Actions and Achievements



                                                                                                                                2019 Annual Report
In 2020, we will strengthen our coverage of listed                In 2019, the overall domestic capital market environment
companies, enhance our regional development                       improved compared with 2018, but Hong Kong market
capabilities, and increase our market share in M&A and            turnover plummeted. The equities business captured
reorganizations. Capitalizing on our experience in debt           historical opportunities brought by further opening-up
restructuring and reorganization of financial institutions        and deepened reform of the capital market to keep up
in recent years, we will actively make innovative attempts        with regulatory developments, expand client coverage,
                                                                                                                                      45
to reduce risks and promote reforms. Meantime, we                 innovate product structures, and promote cross-border
will explore new business opportunities in leveraged              business interactions. At the same time, the equities
                                                                  business of the Group strictly managed business risks, and




                                                                                                                                China International Capital Corporation Limited
buyout and M&A financing, and strengthen development
                                                                  strengthened risk management for margin financing and
of cross-border M&A around areas such as inbound
                                                                  securities lending businesses in STAR Market and under
acquisitions and business divestitures.
                                                                  new regulations. We continued to strengthen customer
                                                                  management, optimize business procedures and accelerate
Equities
                                                                  the construction of IT systems, to strictly manage business
Market environment                                                risks. Our revenues from domestic and overseas markets
                                                                  grew significantly compared with 2018 with a balanced
In 2019, major stock indices in the mainland China and
                                                                  revenue structure between the exchange and OTC
Hong Kong SAR markets headed down after early year
                                                                  markets at home and abroad, reaching a record high and
hikes with intensified volatility, but still recorded gains for
                                                                  outperforming the overall market.
the year; A-share market turnover increased, while Hong
Kong market turnover plummeted. Among them, the
                                                                  In international services, our Group intensified business
Shanghai Composite Index rose by 22.3%, the Shenzhen
                                                                  development efforts in the international financial
Stock Exchange Composite Index by 44.1%, the Hang Seng
                                                                  markets. We maintained a leading and growing customer
Index by 9.1%, and the H-share index by 10.3%, which
                                                                  coverage and market share in the stock connect
underperformed the major international markets. Since the
                                                                  programs, while continuing to expand business presence
second half of 2019, as investors turned more risk-averse         in the international market. In the domestic market, we
due to increasing uncertainties of trade friction between         maintained a strong coverage over fund and insurance
China and the US and the slowdown of Hong Kong’s                  accounts, and our market share in Hong Kong stock trading
economy, major stock indices plunged with narrowing               volume by domestic fund and insurance clients exceeded
trading volumes. In 2019, the average daily trading               10%. In the offshore market, the total trading volume in
volume in the A-share market was RMB559,770 million,              Hong Kong stocks and the volume of northbound trading
representing an increase of 35% compared with the                 of Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Connect programs hit
corresponding period last year. The average daily turnover        record highs in 2019. We continued to maintain a leading
volume of the Hong Kong SAR stock market was HK$87,155            market share in terms of northbound trading in Shanghai
million, representing a decrease of 19% compared with             and Shenzhen Stock Connect programs among all
the corresponding period last year, of which the average          international and Chinese brokers, and were awarded the
daily turnover volume for the second half of the year was         Most Active Broker Award of Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock
approximately HK$77,061 million, representing a significant       Connect Awards 2019 by HKEx. As our sources of revenue
decrease of 21% over the first half.                              from overseas trading activities became increasingly
                                                                  diversified, in addition to the mainland and Hong Kong
                                                                  SAR markets, our brokerage income from US in 2019
                                                                  increased by 25% compared with last year. As one of the
                                                                  first qualified cross-border conversion agencies for global
                                                                  depositary receipts (GDRs), CICC UK facilitated conversion
                                                                  between A shares and GDRs for investors.
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




2019 Annual Report
                                                    In product business, the Group continued to expand               In terms of expansion of institutional customers, being
                                                    institutional customer base at home and abroad with              deeply rooted in the domestic and overseas secondary
                                                    enhanced coverage over anchor investors, and was                 markets for years, our Group has built a prestigious
                                                    committed to diversifying product business, while                institutional client base and provided clients with
                                                    maintaining vigorous risk management and steady                  comprehensive financial services through seamless
                                                    development. We continued to optimize the prime                  cooperation of cross-border teams of different business
                                                    brokerage business at home and abroad and the derivative         lines, including equity sales, trading and product. We
      46
                                                    trading business platform. The prime brokerage business          maintained high levels of customer coverage and market
                                                    of CICC Hong Kong enjoyed steady growth in business              shares among long funds (including QFIIs/RQFIIs, WOFE,
                                                    size and customer base in 2019. Our domestic prime               QDIIs, and the Shanghai- Hong Kong Stock Connect and




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                    brokerage business platform provides one-stop services           the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect), insurance
                                                    to institutional investors covering their full life cycle.       companies and hedge funds. Meanwhile, the Company
                                                    We continued to enhance our core competitiveness in              further strengthened ties with bank clients, and signed
                                                    cross-border business by designing innovative trading            strategic cooperation agreements with a number of
                                                    instruments and services to help clients improve their risk-     commercial banks, successfully establishing partnerships
                                                    return profile. In derivatives business, we rapidly adapted to   with a number of medium and large banks and their
                                                    changing regulatory, market and competitive environment,         wealth management subsidiaries. For the northbound
                                                    to strive to maintain our leading position in OTC derivatives    trading of the Connect Program through the Hong Kong
                                                    market making by offering both standard and tailor-made          Stock Exchange, we recorded a significant increase in
                                                    services. We provided liquidity services for Exchange-traded     the number of trading accounts opened in 2019, with a
                                                    funds, and were honored as the 2019 Outstanding ETF              leading market share in terms of total trading volume.
                                                    Liquidity Provider Award by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
                                                    Meantime, we strengthened our trading capabilities               Outlook for 2020
                                                    in major global markets, continuously diversified our
                                                                                                                     With the continuous development and growth of domestic
                                                    products, and enhanced our 24-hour trading platform. In
                                                                                                                     financial institutions and the further opening-up of China’s
                                                    terms of operations, we continued to optimize our business
                                                                                                                     capital market, and as we further enhance our business
                                                    IT systems and enhance the operation efficiency of middle
                                                                                                                     platforms in Hong Kong SAR and overseas markets, the
                                                    and back offices and level of risk control, to consistently
                                                                                                                     Group will continue to give full play to CICC’s advantages
                                                    provide high-end and customized services to our clients.
                                                                                                                     in light of our “Chinese Roots and International Reach” and
                                                                                                                     our market-oriented and international-standard practices.
                                                                                                                     Relying on our high-quality customer base, we will actively
                                                                                                                     expand new products and new business in the exchange
                                                                                                                     and OTC markets at home and abroad, continue to
                                                                                                                     improve our risk management capabilities, and promote
                                                                                                                     cross-selling activities, to enhance our capabilities to offer
                                                                                                                     total financial solutions.
FICC                                                           Actions and Achievements



                                                                                                                               2019 Annual Report
Market environment                                             In 2019, the Company continued to forge ahead our FICC
                                                               business. We continued to improve our comprehensive
In 2019, China’s economic growth decreased quarter by
                                                               service capability, and achieved good results in client
quarter, the external demand dropped significantly, and
                                                               business. We delivered strong results in structured product
China’s exports to the United States declined significantly
                                                               business, and our asset-backed securitization business
due to trade friction between China and the US. However,
                                                               continued to grow, maintaining a leading market share.                47
with the support of domestic demand, fiscal policies such
                                                               We further strengthened structuring of new products, and
as tax cuts, increased issuance of local government debts
                                                               further enhanced interactions with and product offerings
as well as support of fiscal expenditure, China’s economy




                                                                                                                               China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                               to a more diversified customer base.
has avoided stalled decline. In 2019, China’s monetary
policy showed no trend of relaxation, as a result of which
                                                               In 2019, in spite of increasing market volatility and credit
the interest rates of the money market and the yields of
                                                               risks following the China-US trade friction, our trading
interest rate bonds at the end of the year maintained the
                                                               teams continued to demonstrate strong trading and risk
same level as the beginning of the year, and the yield
                                                               control capabilities, and once again achieved good returns
of 10-year government bonds fluctuated around 3.2%
                                                               by actively capturing market opportunities. In 2019, the
with plus/minus 20 bps throughout the year. In contrast,
                                                               Company continued to strengthen the IT infrastructure of
foreign central banks made big policy moves toward
                                                               our FICC business and steadily push forward relevant IT
relaxation, and the yields of bonds in overseas markets
                                                               system development.
declined dramatically. Due to the significant expansion
of the yield spreads between Chinese and foreign bonds
                                                               Outlook for 2020
and the gradual inclusion of Chinese bonds in key global
bond indexes, the demand of allocation of Chinese bonds        In 2020, our Company will continue to strengthen the FICC
by overseas institutions also increased significantly, and     business and focus on developing the client business. We
the opening up of China’s bond market has been further         will further enhance risk control in trading and proprietary
enhanced. Even though there were no significant declines       investment businesses to strive for better returns. We
in the yields of money markets and interest rate bonds,        will continue to build our product innovation and design
the supply of high-interest real estate bonds and local        capabilities, increase product varieties and expand the scale
government financing vehicle (“LGFV”) bonds continued          of products. We will focus on our cross-border business
to decrease due to tightened control over the property         capability and steadily upgrade our product design and
market and the ongoing LGFV debt-equity swap program.          customer service platform.
As a result, the yields of non-standard assets and credit
bonds headed downward based on strong allocation
demand. Although the scale of credit bond defaults
reached a record high in 2019, credit spreads still fell to
record lows, and the net increase in credit bonds rose to a
historical high of over RMB4 trillion. Throughout the year,
there was generally no significant drop in the yields of
interest rate bonds, while the yields of credit bonds across
the rating and maturity spectrum declined dramatically.
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                    Investment Management                                         Actions and Achievements



2019 Annual Report
                                                    As of December 31, 2019, the scale of assets under the        Our Company focuses on active asset management.
                                                    Group’s management through a variety of ways amounted         Always putting clients’ interest first, we design and
                                                    to approximately RMB859.9 billion.                            offer high-quality and innovative asset management
                                                                                                                  products and services to domestic and overseas clients
                                                    Asset Management                                              for the purpose of steady value appreciation over the
      48                                                                                                          long term. In 2019, the Company further strengthened
                                                    Market Environment
                                                                                                                  the investment and research team, and continued to
                                                    Since the beginning of 2019, with the gradual                 strengthen investment decision-making process and
                                                    implementation of new asset management regulations,




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                  disciplined management system, and delivered sound
                                                    the policies of removal of implicit guarantees, regulating    investment performance which has been well-recognized
                                                    the money pool and curbing the “conduit” business             by the market and our customers. We continued to enrich
                                                    began to take effect. In line with the regulation direction   our product lines, constantly develop new strategies and
                                                    of “preventing risks and going back to the fundamental        solutions tailored to changing market environment, client
                                                    purpose” in the asset management industry, the asset          demand, and investment and research resources, so as
                                                    management institutions should focus on enhancing             to continuously strengthen our comprehensive service
                                                    their active management capabilities and investment           capabilities. Moreover, we made breakthroughs in the
                                                    and research capabilities. With the successive launch of      pension business, and after full launch of the occupational
                                                    wealth management subsidiaries of banks, the ecological       pension plan within the year, the Company won 100%
                                                    landscape of the industry has been further reshaped, and      bids for the occupational pension plans in several
                                                    all institutions started to compete and cooperate under the   provinces as the mandated investment manager. In line
                                                    unified regulatory standards.                                 with the new asset management regulations, and closely
                                                                                                                  following the transformation of wealth management
                                                                                                                  subsidiaries of banks and the outsourcing demand of
                                                                                                                  insurance institutions, we provided targeted net asset
                                                                                                                  value (“NAV”)-based product strategies and services. We
                                                                                                                  steadily enhanced the capabilities of active cross-border
                                                                                                                  asset management, and have formed relatively complete
                                                                                                                  cross-border product lines. Moreover, the Company
                                                                                                                  continued to strengthen synergies with CICC Wealth
                                                                                                                  Management and achieved substantial progress in pension
                                                                                                                  business, overseas asset management and products
                                                                                                                  distribution, thus constantly enhancing the depth and
                                                                                                                  breadth of customer coverage.


                                                                                                                  As of December 31, 2019, the business scale of the Asset
                                                                                                                  Management Department of the Company was RMB245,090
                                                                                                                  million, representing an increase of 51.5% compared with the
                                                                                                                  end of 2018. By product line, the assets under management of
                                                                                                                  collective asset management products and segregated asset
                                                                                                                  management products (including NSSF, corporate annuities,
                                                                                                                  occupational pension and collective pension plans) were
                                                                                                                  RMB19,307 million and RMB225,783 million, respectively. We
                                                                                                                  had altogether 381 products under management, and most
                                                                                                                  of them were under active management.
Outlook for 2020                                             Actions and Achievements



                                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report
In 2020, the Company will focus on building the              In 2019, in line with the positioning of serving the mass
brand of CICC Asset Management, improving business           retail market, CICC Fund Management strengthened
processes and enhancing internal management. We              retail channels and institutional business, and made
will take the following specific measures: continuing        breakthroughs in the number of retail customers and
to strengthen the investment and research teams and          institutional access. We formed unique product lines and
enhancing the investment and research capabilities;          focused on the development and promotion of distinctive               49
deepening understanding of customer needs, and               mutual fund products fit for constructing long-term
maintaining and increasing the scale and market share        portfolios. We actively carried out product research and




                                                                                                                             China International Capital Corporation Limited
of our businesses; improving product lines and services;     launched new products such as strategic placement on
enhancing the professional service capabilities of the       the STAR Market and bond funds based on amortized cost
sales team; strengthening internal management and            method. We comprehensively enhanced risk screening
system development, and improving risk control and           and improved the audit control to safeguard the steady
operation systems; continuing to tap into synergies among    development of the Company.
departments and with CICC Wealth Management.
                                                             In 2019, the assets under management of CICC
In 2020, the Company will seize market opportunities to      Fund Management amounted to RMB27,869 million,
provide customers with one-stop comprehensive solutions,     representing a year-on-year increase of 39.2%. In particular,
with the aim to grow our asset management business into      the size of mutual funds increased to RMB23,784 million,
a global leading multi-asset, multi-strategy, cross-market   representing a year-on-year increase of 55.0%; and the
full-service asset management institution.                   size of private asset management schemes amounted to
                                                             RMB4,085 million.
Mutual funds
                                                             Outlook for 2020
Market environment
                                                             In 2020, CICC Fund Management will continue to develop
In 2019, there were 6,085 mutual funds in China with total
                                                             stable investment capabilities that meet the demand
assets under management of RMB14.8 trillion, representing
                                                             of public offerings with focus on macro asset allocation
a year-on-year growth of 13.5%, reaching a new high. The
                                                             and instrument-type products, thus comprehensively
mutual funds achieved sound returns due to the strong
                                                             improving investment performance. We will continue
support from the domestic and foreign equity markets.
                                                             to expand retail market coverage by strengthening
With the launch of the STAR Market which highlighted
                                                             channel service capabilities and make attempts to expand
science and technology innovation, consumption,
                                                             institutional business. We will actively promote cooperation
pharmaceutical and development sectors were preferred
                                                             and innovation through fully combining resources of the
by investors, and the issuance of bond funds remained
                                                             Group, and make important contributions to enhance the
high. The streamlined registration procedure for mutual
                                                             overall asset management and service capabilities of our
funds further released the vitality of the industry, as a
                                                             Group.
result of which the newly issued funds amounted to
RMB1.4 trillion, reaching a four-year high. In 2019, new
opportunities and challenges were also brought by the
successive launch of wealth management subsidiaries
of banks, the pilot of fund investment advisory business
and the accelerating participation of foreign investment
institutions.
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                    Private Equity Investment                                        Actions and Achievements



2019 Annual Report
                                                    Market environment                                               At present, CICC Capital has established a unified and open
                                                                                                                     management platform. Internally, we achieved resource
                                                    In 2019, as affected by the tightening regulations over the
                                                                                                                     centralization and management synergy. Externally, we
                                                    financial industry, financial deleveraging and challenges
                                                                                                                     fostered an open platform ecosystem. The family of funds
                                                    with bank fundraising channels, China’s private equity
                                                                                                                     managed by CICC Capital mainly includes government
                                                    investment market saw a downturn and could still feel
                                                                                                                     guiding funds, RMB equity investment funds, USD equity
                                                    the chill winds. The industry continued to polarize where
      50                                                                                                             investment funds, M&A funds and infrastructure funds. The
                                                    leading private equity funds continued to deliver strong
                                                                                                                     industries covered include new generation information
                                                    performance thanks to their professional investment
                                                                                                                     technology, biomedicine, cultural consumption, and
                                                    and risk management capabilities, while small funds
                                                                                                                     high-end equipment manufacturing industries.




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                    experienced a tough time.

                                                                                                                     In 2019, on the basis of relatively diversified product lines,
                                                    In 2019, the fundraising amount of the Chinese private
                                                                                                                     CICC Capital focused on serving national strategies and
                                                    equity investment market continued to decline year on
                                                                                                                     deploying large-scale funds in strategical regions. We
                                                    year, and the number and size of new RMB funds that
                                                                                                                     also actively developed overseas investors and improved
                                                    completed fundraising remained low. In contrast, USD
                                                                                                                     cross-border business capabilities, to balance the overall
                                                    funds were less affected, and several large USD funds
                                                                                                                     risk of the business in light of diversified risk profiles of
                                                    completed fundraising during the Reporting Period. Thanks
                                                                                                                     different products. During the Reporting Period, CICC
                                                    to their unique advantage in investment exit, USD funds
                                                                                                                     Capital established a number of equity investment funds,
                                                    were chased by capital, as more institutions preferred
                                                                                                                     covering infrastructure, civil-military integration, energy,
                                                    dual currency funds (RMB and USD) in fundraising and
                                                                                                                     cultural consumption, innovative drugs, mixed ownership
                                                    investment.
                                                                                                                     reform of SOEs and real estate sectors, to diversify existing
                                                                                                                     product lines. In 2019, CICC Capital concentrated its
                                                    In terms of investment management, China’s private equity        resources to develop the CICC Yangtze River Delta Fund
                                                    investment market remained depressed in 2019, with               Cluster, support building Shanghai into an international
                                                    declining investment activities. As more institutions turned     finance and science and technology innovation center and
                                                    risk averse, and flew to value investments with highlighted      implement the national strategy of realizing integrated
                                                    focus on project earnings model and performance, the             development of the Yangtze River Delta region, which
                                                    number and amount of transactions continued to drop.             mobilized social resources and formed a sound regional
                                                    Since fundraising became increasingly challenging,               strategy synergy. As of the end of December 2019, the
                                                    available capital tightened rapidly and investment               size of assets managed by the domestic and overseas
                                                    institutions turned more risk averse, making it even difficult   businesses of CICC Capital reached RMB279,296 million,
                                                    for later stage investment with a smaller number of large        increasing by RMB30,084 million compared with the end of
                                                    transactions.                                                    2018, making us one of the largest platforms in the private
                                                                                                                     equity investment sector in China.
                                                    In terms of exit, due to slowdown of approval processes of
                                                    domestic IPOs in 2019, exit through A share IPOs became          CICC Capital attaches great importance to risk, and risk
                                                    challenging. Therefore, more investments turned for exit         awareness has been implanted in CICC culture. Facing
                                                    through mergers and acquisitions or overseas IPOs. The           fundraising headwinds, CICC Capital emphasized on further
                                                    CSRC’s green channel for IPO approval and the STAR               strengthening risk awareness of the team, and urged the
                                                    Market provided more exit options for investments. In the        team to carry out investment, post-investment and exit
                                                    second half of 2019, the IPO exit cases via the STAR Market      businesses in a more prudent manner to generate more
                                                    in the venture capital market increased significantly.           revenue through investment appreciation, and create
                                                                                                                     value for investors and invested funds/enterprises. In terms
                                                                                                                     of internal control management, CICC Capital continued to
                                                                                                                     enhance the unified management and control capabilities
                                                                                                                     of its platform, and further formulated more strict
                                                                                                                     standards for investment decisions and post-investment
                                                                                                                     management of each fund in addition to a complete and
                                                                                                                     vigorous risk control system in line.
Outlook for 2020



                                                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report
CICC Capital will continue to adhere to the basic concept of pursuing growth in prudent and steady paces, and gather resources
for long-term development and pragmatic actions. We will fully leverage upon the franchise of CICC to effectively exert our
advantages, and grasp opportunities brought by the reform of China’s stock economies and development of new economies
to assist in China’s economic transformation and upgrading. In addition, we will continue to promote resource synergies and
cross-department collaboration with the research and investment banking departments, to build full-scope, multilayered equity
investment capabilities to generate sound returns for investors. In 2020, CICC Capital will focus on developing key products in                    51
major regions, and proactively bridge asset management and financing channels. CICC Capital will actively develop overseas
investors, improve cross-border business capabilities, and deepen the unified management and control of its business platforms, so




                                                                                                                                             China International Capital Corporation Limited
as to create a leading management platform for private equity funds.


Others
As of December 31, 2019, the breakdown of total assets managed by different business divisions and subsidiaries of our Group is
set forth as follows:


Scale of the Group’s investment management business
                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB million


Items                                                            December 31, 2019          December 31, 2018              % of change
AUM in relation to fee and commission income
  (wholly-owned)
Collective asset management schemes                                             49,046                   19,059                   157.3%
Segregated asset management schemes                                           271,395                   183,752                    47.7%
Special asset management schemes                                              152,959                   116,514                    31.3%
Mutual funds1                                                                   27,869                   20,017                    39.2%
Private equity funds                                                          198,626                   170,900                    16.2%
Subtotal                                                                      699,895                   510,242                    37.2%
AUM in relation to share of profits of associates
  and joint ventures (jointly-invested)
Private equity funds                                                          135,470                   135,917                    (0.3%)
Non-private equity funds                                                        24,534                   15,873                    54.6%
Subtotal                                                                      160,004                   151,789                     5.4%
Total                                                                         859,899                   662,031                    29.9%


Note 1: Mutual funds include public securities investment funds and private asset management schemes under the management of CICC Fund.

Wealth Management
Market Environment
In 2019, the Shanghai Composite Index rose by 22.3%, and the overall trading activities increased. Meantime, the implementation
of new asset management regulations continued to guide residents’ investments into NAV-based products, creating a sound
market environment for transformation of our business into wealth management based on asset allocation.
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                    Actions and Achievements



2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                                     As of December 31, 2019, the number of CICC’s wealth
                                                                                                                     management customers reached 3,271,317, with a growth
                                                    In 2019, our Group’s wealth management business
                                                                                                                     of 8.6% compared with the end of 2018 on a comparable
                                                    achieved sound growth across the board, with more-
                                                                                                                     basis. The total customer assets reached approximately
                                                    than-expected growth of asset allocation business and
                                                                                                                     RMB1,839,100 million, with a growth of 42.5% compared
                                                    enhanced product capabilities. By partnering with top
                                                                                                                     with the end of 2018 on a comparable basis. Among
                                                    asset managers in China, asset allocation became an
                                                                                                                     them, there were 19,395 high-net-worth individuals1 as of
      52                                            important engine for product business growth. The
                                                                                                                     December 31, 2019, with a growth of 33.5% compared with
                                                    traditional trading business also recovered with a pickup
                                                                                                                     the end of 2018 on a comparable basis. The total assets
                                                    in market share thanks to continuous innovation. In
                                                                                                                     of high-net-worth individuals amounted to RMB460,283




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                    terms of customer expansion, we continued to focus on
                                                                                                                     million, with a growth of 34.6% compared with the end of
                                                    private wealth management business, and invested more
                                                                                                                     2018 on a comparable basis.
                                                    resources to provide comprehensive wealth management
                                                    services driven by advisory services for high-net-worth
                                                                                                                     Outlook for 2020
                                                    individuals. While continuously improving our recruitment,
                                                    training, and evaluation work, we established a large-scale      In 2020, the Company will continue to firmly promote
                                                    standardized team expansion model, thus leading to               its wealth management strategy. While continuing to
                                                    steady development in the private wealth management              accelerate the transformation of product business, the
                                                    business.                                                        wealth management business will focus on gather assets
                                                                                                                     by providing tailored investment solutions that meet
                                                    2019 marks the comprehensive integration and deep                the demand of different customers. At the same time,
                                                    transformation of the wealth management segment.                 we will take advantage of integration with CICC Wealth
                                                    In terms of integration, the Company completed the               Management and cooperation with Tencent to explore
                                                    unification of the brand of CICC Wealth Management and           different service and operation models for different
                                                    the in-depth integration of business management, and             customer bases, thus improving our marketing and service
                                                    further integrated the network and supporting systems            efficiency.
                                                    and achieved initial results. In terms of financial technology
                                                    development, with the strong support of the Company’s            Note 1: High-net-worth individuals refer to the clients with client
                                                                                                                             assets of over (including) RMB 3 million
                                                    management and relevant departments, we entered into
                                                    a shareholder agreement with Tencent to establish a joint
                                                    venture financial technology company. The joint venture
                                                    company will assist CICC wealth management and retail
                                                    brokerage businesses in providing more convenient,
                                                    intelligent and differentiated wealth management
                                                    solutions by providing support in the development of
                                                    technology platforms and digital operation.
Research                                                          IV. ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                                                                                                                                     2019 Annual Report
Our research team covers global markets and serves                   (i)   Profitability Analysis of Our Group
clients both at home and abroad through the Group’s
                                                                           During 2019, the Group realized a significant
offices and platforms across the world. The scope of our
                                                                           growth in the revenue of the equities business
research products and investment analysis ranges from
                                                                           compared with that in 2018, and the revenue of the
macro economy, market strategy, and asset allocation to
                                                                           investment banking business and the FICC business
equities, commodities, and derivatives. As of December
                                                                           also realized a notable increase. In the meantime, in           53
31, 2019, our research team employed more than 100
                                                                           the complicated and changing macro and market
highly experienced, high-caliber professionals and covered
                                                                           environment, we maintained sound business
more than 40 sectors and nearly 1,000 companies listed
                                                                           momentum with a significant growth in revenue and




                                                                                                                                     China International Capital Corporation Limited
in the Chinese mainland, Hong Kong SAR, New York and
                                                                           profits compared with 2018. Our investment banking
Singapore.
                                                                           business fully supported the development of the
                                                                           real economy. Our equities business embraced
CICC Research has won recognition from major domestic
                                                                           opportunities for institutionalization, productization,
and overseas investors for its independent, unbiased and
                                                                           and internationalization. Our FICC trading and
insightful research products. In 2019, we published more
                                                                           comprehensive service capabilities continued to
than 13,000 research reports in Chinese and/or English.
                                                                           grow. We maintained industry-leading position in
On top of numerous sector and company reports, we also
                                                                           terms of the total amount under management of
assembled a series of in-depth thematic reports, such as
                                                                           private equity investment. Our asset management
China’s asset management industry: a US$10 trillion market,
                                                                           business continued to make breakthroughs. Our
Blockchain: How digital currencies will reshape financial
                                                                           wealth management segment forged ahead with
infrastructure, Cosmetics industry report: rise of China’s
                                                                           business integration and transition.
domestic brands, 5G: Ten trends to watch in 2020-2030,
China AI+5G: 10 investment opportunities in the next 10
                                                                           In 2019, the Group realized total revenue and other
years, China’s transfer of SOE shares to social security funds,
                                                                           income of RMB22,782.5 million, representing a year-
Marvelous travel: growing market backed by improving
                                                                           on-year increase of RMB4,242.9 million or 22.9%. The
living standards, New infrastructure in China, and Booming
                                                                           Group realized profit attributable to shareholders
 “new consumption” in China. These research products
                                                                           of the Company and holders of other equity
show our profound understanding of China. The superior
                                                                           instruments of RMB4,238.7 million, representing a
quality and extensive coverage of our research reports
                                                                           year-on-year increase of RMB746.6 million or 21.4%.
have earned us the reputation as the “China Expert”.
                                                                           The Group realized earnings per share of RMB0.990
                                                                           in 2019, representing a year-on-year increase of
Our research team continued to win awards from
                                                                           19.4%. The weighted average return on net assets
prominent international institutions in 2019. These include
                                                                           was 9.6%, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.8
the “No. 1 Overall Country Research for China” in the
                                                                           percentage point.
Asiamoney Brokers Poll, marking the 14th consecutive year
of our championship in this poll from 2006 to 2019. We
were also named the “No.1 The All-China Best Research
Team2” by Institutional Investor for eight consecutive years
from 2012 to 2019.

Note 2:   By Analyst Leaders: Overall
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                    (ii) Asset Structure and Quality                                million, accounting for 8.3% of the total liabilities;



2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                                    placements from financial institutions, short-term
                                                        As of December 31, 2019, total assets of the Group
                                                                                                                    debt securities issued and long-term debt securities
                                                        amounted to RMB344,971.2 million, representing
                                                                                                                    issued due within one year totalled RMB67,128.8
                                                        a year-on-year increase of RMB69,550.7 million or
                                                                                                                    million, accounting for 22.6% of the total liabilities;
                                                        25.3%. The total liabilities of the Group amounted
                                                                                                                    financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
                                                        to RMB296,439.7 million, representing a year-on-
                                                                                                                    loss and derivative financial liabilities totalled
                                                        year increase of RMB63,395.9 million or 27.2%. The
      54                                                                                                            RMB32,932.5 million, accounting for 11.1% of the
                                                        Group’s total equity attributable to shareholders
                                                                                                                    total liabilities; long-term debt securities issued
                                                        of our Company and holders of other equity
                                                                                                                    amounted to RMB57,585.3 million, accounting for
                                                        instruments amounted to RMB48,293.8 million,
                                                                                                                    19.4% of the total liabilities; other liabilities amounted




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                        representing a year-on-year increase of RMB6,110.3
                                                                                                                    to RMB61,269.5 million, accounting for 20.7% of the
                                                        million or 14.5%. After deducting accounts payable
                                                                                                                    total liabilities.
                                                        to brokerage clients and to underwriting clients of
                                                        RMB52,815.4 million, the adjusted total assets of
                                                                                                                (iii) Cash Flows
                                                        the Group amounted to RMB292,155.9 million; the
                                                        adjusted total liabilities amounted to RMB243,624.4         In 2019, excluding the impacts of change in accounts
                                                        million; the gearing ratio of the Group was 83.4%,          payable to brokerage clients and to underwriting
                                                        increased by 1.5 percentage points from 81.9% of            clients, net increase in cash and cash equivalents
                                                        December 31, 2018; the operating leverage ratio was         of the Group amounted to RMB471.4 million,
                                                        6.0 times, representing an increase of 9.0% compared        representing a decrease of RMB3,657.3 million or
                                                        with 5.5 times as of December 31, 2018.                     88.6% compared with that in 2018, mainly consisted
                                                                                                                    of net cash used in operating activities.
                                                        As of December 31, 2019, the Group’s financial assets
                                                        at fair value through profit or loss and derivative         Net cash used in operating activities amounted to
                                                        financial assets totalled RMB172,694.1 million,             RMB27,657.8 million in 2019 and net cash generated
                                                        accounting for 50.1% of the total assets; financial         amounted to RMB11,056.1 million in 2018. The
                                                        assets at fair value through other comprehensive            variation was primarily a result of the decrease in net
                                                        income amounted to RMB28,985.8 million,                     cash inflows caused by a reduction in REPOs and by
                                                        accounting for 8.4% of the total assets; cash and           an increase in investments of financial assets at fair
                                                        bank balances and cash held on behalf of clients            value through profit or loss. The decrease in net cash
                                                        amounted to RMB72,417.7 million, accounting for             inflows was partially offset by the increase in net
                                                        21.0% of the total assets; receivable from margin           cash inflows caused by an increase in other liabilities.
                                                        clients and financial assets held under resale
                                                        agreements (reverse REPOs) totalled RMB37,488.9             Net cash generated from investing activities
                                                        million, accounting for 10.9% of the total assets;          amounted to RMB6,452.4 million in 2019 and net
                                                        interests in associates and joint ventures amounted         cash used amounted to RMB19,029.2 million in 2018.
                                                        to RMB1,168.5 million, accounting for 0.3% of the           The variation was primarily a result of the decrease
                                                        total assets; other assets amounted to RMB32,216.2          in payment for purchase of investments and the
                                                        million, accounting for 9.3% of the total assets.           increase in receipts from disposal of investments.

                                                        As of December 31, 2019, most of the Group’s                Net cash generated from financing activities
                                                        liabilities were current liabilities, among which           amounted to RMB21,676.9 million in 2019,
                                                        accounts payable to brokerage clients and to                representing an increase of RMB9,575.0 million
                                                        underwriting clients amounted to RMB52,815.4                or 79.1% compared with the net cash generated
                                                        million, accounting for 17.8% of the total                  of RMB12,101.8 million in 2018, mainly due to an
                                                        liabilities; financial assets sold under repurchase         increase in proceeds from issuing debt securities.
                                                        agreements (REPOs) amounted to RMB24,708.3
(iv) Financing Channels and Capability


                                                                                                                                  2019 Annual Report
    Our Group constantly broadens its financing channels to optimize its liability structure. The financing instruments of our
    Group includes perpetual subordinated bonds, subordinated bonds, corporate bonds, financial bonds, syndication loans,
    short-term commercial papers, beneficiary certificates, USD-denominated medium-term notes, structured notes, inter-bank
    borrowings and REPOs.


    In addition, our Group may finance through follow-on offerings, rights issues and other ways according to market conditions         55
    and business needs.


(v) Operating Revenue and Profit Analysis




                                                                                                                                  China International Capital Corporation Limited
    1.    Analysis of Items in Statement of Profit or Loss
         Summary of Financial Performance
          In 2019, the Group realized net profit of RMB4,247.8 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 20.2%. The
          financial performance of the Group is summarized as follows:


                                                                                                           Unit: RMB in million


          Items                                                        2019             2018         Change      % of change
          Revenue
          Fee and commission income                                10,733.1           8,820.4         1,912.6           21.7%
          Interest income                                           4,800.2           4,586.9           213.3            4.6%
          Investment income                                         6,958.6           4,541.1         2,417.6           53.2%
          Total revenue                                            22,491.9         17,948.4          4,543.5           25.3%
          Other income, net                                           290.6            591.3           (300.6)        (50.8%)
          Total revenue and other income                           22,782.5         18,539.7          4,242.9           22.9%
          Total expenses                                           17,541.3         14,270.9          3,270.4           22.9%
          Share of profits of associates and joint ventures            60.4             118.6           (58.2)         (49.1%)
          Profit before income tax                                  5,301.6           4,387.3           914.3           20.8%
          Income tax expense                                        1,053.8             852.7           201.1           23.6%
          Profit for the year                                       4,247.8           3,534.6           713.2           20.2%
          Attributable to:
          Shareholders of the Company and holders of
             other equity instruments                               4,238.7           3,492.2           746.6           21.4%
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                          Revenue Breakdown



2019 Annual Report
                                                          In 2019, the Group’s revenue increased by 25.3% to RMB22,491.9 million compared with that in 2018. Of the Group’s
                                                          revenue, fee and commission income accounted for 47.7%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.4 percentage
                                                          points; interest income accounted for 21.3%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 4.2 percentage points;
                                                          investment income accounted for 30.9%, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.6 percentage points. Breakdown of
                                                          the Group’s revenue for 2019 is listed as follows:

      56
                                                          Items                                                      2019           2018                               Change
                                                          Fee and commission income                                47.7%           49.1%                      Decreased by 1.4




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                                                             percentage points
                                                          Interest income                                          21.3%           25.6%                      Decreased by 4.2
                                                                                                                                                             percentage points
                                                          Investment income                                        30.9%           25.3%                       Increased by 5.6
                                                                                                                                                             percentage points
                                                          Total                                                   100.0%          100.0%


                                                          In 2019, the Group’s investment income increased significantly compared with that for last year, resulting in a smaller
                                                          proportion of interest income in total revenue.


                                                          Fee and Commission Income and Expenses
                                                          In 2019, the Group realized a net fee and commission income of RMB9,546.7 million, representing a year-on-year
                                                          increase of RMB1,594.9 million or 20.1%. Breakdown of the Group’s net fee and commission income in 2019 is listed as
                                                          follows:


                                                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB in million


                                                          Items                                                         2019             2018         Change       % of change
                                                          Fee and commission income
                                                          Brokerage commission income                                3,878.0           3,323.7           554.4            16.7%
                                                          Investment banking income                                  4,396.3           3,272.7          1,123.7           34.3%
                                                            Underwriting and sponsoring fees from
                                                               equity financing                                      2,388.0           2,091.0           297.0            14.2%
                                                            Underwriting and sponsoring fees from
                                                               debt and structured financing                         1,333.6             620.7           713.0          114.9%
                                                            Financial advisory fees                                    674.7             561.0           113.6            20.3%
                                                          Asset management fees                                      2,001.5           1,779.1           222.3            12.5%
                                                            Asset management and mutual funds                          886.2             768.6           117.6            15.3%
                                                            Private equity investment funds                          1,115.3           1,010.5           104.8            10.4%
                                                          Investment advisory fees                                     424.7             405.9             18.8            4.6%
                                                          Others                                                         32.5              39.1            (6.6)         (16.9%)
                                                          Total fee and commission income                           10,733.1           8,820.4          1,912.6           21.7%
                                                          Fee and commission expenses                                1,186.3             868.6           317.7            36.6%
                                                          Net fee and commission income                              9,546.7           7,951.8          1,594.9           20.1%
                                                                                                                              2019 Annual Report
The charts below set forth the composition of the Group’s fee and commission income in 2019 and 2018:


Composition of fee and commission income in Composition of fee and commission income in
2019                                        2018

               4.0%                                                        4.6%
        0.3%                                                      0.4%
                                     18.6%                                                         20.2%                            57




                                                                                                                              China International Capital Corporation Limited
36.1%                                41.0%                   37.7%                                 37.1%

  Brokerage commission income                                  Investment advisory fees
  Investment banking income                                    Others
  Asset management fees


The respective proportions of the Group’s fee and commission income in 2019 are listed as follows:


Items                                                           2019              2018                          Change
Brokerage commission income                                   36.1%               37.7%                Decreased by 1.5
                                                                                                      percentage points
Investment banking income                                     41.0%               37.1%                 Increased by 3.9
                                                                                                      percentage points
Asset management fees                                         18.6%               20.2%                Decreased by 1.5
                                                                                                      percentage points
Investment advisory fees                                        4.0%               4.6%                Decreased by 0.6
                                                                                                       percentage point
Others                                                          0.3%               0.4%                Decreased by 0.1
                                                                                                       percentage point
Total                                                        100.0%             100.0%


Brokerage commission income amounted to RMB3,878.0 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB554.4
million or 16.7%, under the influence of the major stock indices performance in Mainland China and Hong Kong SAR.
In particular, the major stock indices in Mainland China and Hong Kong SAR markets headed down after early year
hikes with intensified volatility, but still recorded gains in 2019. The average daily trading volume in the A-share market
was RMB559,800 million, representing an increase of 35% compared with the corresponding period last year.
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




2019 Annual Report
                                                          Investment banking income amounted to RMB4,396.3 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB1,123.7
                                                          million or 34.3%. Investment banking income included underwriting and sponsoring fees from equity financing and
                                                          from debt and structured financing and financial advisory fees. The underwriting and sponsoring fees amounted to
                                                          RMB3,721.7 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB1,010.0 million or 37.2%, mainly due to a growth in
                                                          underwriting and sponsoring business of debt and structured financing. Financial advisory fees amounted to RMB674.7
                                                          million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB113.6 million or 20.3%, mainly due to an increase in the Group’s
                                                          financial advisory fees from domestic IPOs, advisory fees from M&A projects and financial advisory fees from asset-
      58
                                                          backed special plans compared with that in 2018.


                                                          Asset management fees amounted to RMB2,001.5 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB222.3 million




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                          or 12.5%, in line with the growth in AUM. Asset management fees consisted of the management fees from asset
                                                          management business, mutual fund business and private equity fund business. In addition to asset management
                                                          fees, the Group also had a share of profits of associates and joint ventures generated from AUM managed by fund
                                                          management companies jointly-invested by the Group.


                                                          Investment advisory fees amounted to RMB424.7 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB18.8 million or
                                                          4.6%, mainly due to an increasing demand for advisory services for private equity investment and block trading referral
                                                          services in 2019.


                                                          Fee and commission expenses increased by RMB317.7 million or 36.6% year on year, in line with the growth of the
                                                          Group’s fee and commission income.
Interest Income and Expenses



                                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report
In 2019, the Group incurred net interest expenses of RMB1,095.3 million, among which interest income amounted
to RMB4,800.2 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.6%, and among which interest expenses amounted
to RMB5,895.5 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 21.0%. Breakdown of the Group’s interest income and
expenses in 2019 is listed as follows:


                                                                                                     Unit: RMB in million         59


Items                                                          2019             2018          Change        % of change




                                                                                                                            China International Capital Corporation Limited
Interest income
Interest income from financial institutions                 1,379.0           1,362.6             16.5             1.2%
Interest income from margin financing and
  securities lending                                        1,461.1           1,490.3             (29.1)           (2.0%)
Interest income from reverse REPOs                            724.5             797.5             (73.0)           (9.2%)
Interest income from financial assets at fair value
  through other comprehensive income                        1,160.5             915.4            245.1            26.8%
Others                                                          75.0             21.2             53.8           254.2%
Total interest income                                       4,800.2           4,586.9            213.3             4.6%
Interest expenses
Interest expenses of accounts payable to
  brokerage clients                                           164.3             171.1              (6.8)           (4.0%)
Interest expenses on REPOs                                  1,009.6           1,088.1             (78.5)           (7.2%)
Interest expenses on placements from
  financial institutions                                      765.5             482.8            282.7            58.5%
Interest expenses on debt securities issued                 3,424.9           2,889.2            535.7            18.5%
Interest expenses on lease liabilities                          73.5                 -            73.5             N/A
Others                                                        457.7             239.6            218.1            91.0%
Total interest expenses                                     5,895.5           4,870.9          1,024.6            21.0%
Net interest expenses                                       (1,095.3)          (284.0)          (811.4)          285.7%


Interest income from financial institutions amounted to RMB1,379.0 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
RMB16.5 million or 1.2%.

Interest income from margin financing and securities lending amounted to RMB1,461.1 million, representing a year-
on-year decrease of RMB29.1 million or 2.0%.

Interest income from reverse REPOs amounted to RMB724.5 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB73.0
million or 9.2%, mainly due to a decrease in the interest income from stock-based lending business.

Interest expenses amounted to RMB5,895.5 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB1,024.6 million or 21.0%,
mainly due to the increase in debt financing. In 2019, in order to meet its business development needs and the regulatory
requirements, the Group issued various debt securities including corporate bonds, subordinated bonds, financial bonds,
USD-denominated medium-term notes, structured notes and long-term beneficiary certificates, and its placements from
banks increased compared with that in 2018, resulting in the corresponding increase in interest expenses.
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                          Investment Income



2019 Annual Report
                                                          In 2019, the Group realized an investment income of RMB6,958.6 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
                                                          RMB2,417.6 million or 53.2%. Breakdown of the Group’s investment income in 2019 is listed as follows:


                                                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB in million


      60                                                  Items                                                         2019             2018         Change       % of change
                                                          Investment income
                                                          Net gains from disposal of financial assets at




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                            fair value through other comprehensive income              200.6             184.1             16.5            9.0%
                                                          Net gains from financial instruments at fair value
                                                            through profit or loss and from derivative
                                                            financial instruments                                    6,759.3           4,357.0          2,402.4          55.1%
                                                            – Equity investments                                     2,753.6           1,003.3          1,750.3         174.5%
                                                            – Debt investments                                       2,890.3           2,895.8             (5.5)         (0.2%)
                                                            – Other investments                                      1,115.5             457.9           657.6          143.6%
                                                          Others                                                         (1.3)               –             (1.3)           N/A
                                                          Total                                                      6,958.6           4,541.1          2,417.6          53.2%


                                                          Net gains from disposal of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income totalled RMB200.6 million,
                                                          representing a year-on-year increase of RMB16.5 million or 9.0%, mainly due to the increase in gains from disposal of
                                                          debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income.
                                                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report
Net gains from financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss and from derivative financial instruments
totalled RMB6,759.3 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB2,402.4 million or 55.1%. The net gains were
from the following categories of investments:


–       Net gains from equity investments represented a year-on-year increase of RMB1,750.3 million or 174.5%, mainly
        resulting from the Group’s increasing business scale of OTC derivatives amid a stock market with a fluctuating
        upward trajectory and increasing trading activities in 2019.
                                                                                                                                       61

–       Net gains from debt investments represented a year-on-year decrease of RMB5.5 million or 0.2%, remaining
        essentially unchanged from that in 2018.




                                                                                                                                 China International Capital Corporation Limited
–       Net gains from other investments represented a year-on-year increase of RMB657.6 million or 143.6%, mainly
        due to the increase in gains from the trust and fund investments at fair value through profit or loss as well as
        the increase in gains from the derivative financial instruments under commodity, currency and interest rate
        contracts.


For detailed information of the financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and of derivative financial assets held
by the Group at the end of 2019, please refer to “(vi) Analysis of Items in Statement of Financial Position – 1. Items of
Assets – Investments – Financial Assets at Fair Value through Profit or Loss” and “(vi) Analysis of Items in Statement of
Financial Position – 1. Items of Assets – Investments – Derivative Financial Assets” respectively.


Operating Expenses
In 2019, the Group’s operating expenses (excluding fee and commission expenses and interest expenses, the same
below) amounted to RMB10,459.4 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB1,928.1 million or 22.6%.
Breakdown of the Group’s operating expenses in 2019 is listed as follows:


                                                                                                          Unit: RMB in million


Items                                                            2019              2018          Change        % of change
Operating expenses
Staff costs                                                   7,202.9            5,737.8             1,465.0          25.5%
Depreciation and amortization expenses                          913.2              301.9              611.3          202.5%
Tax and surcharges                                                84.4              72.3               12.1           16.7%
Other operating expenses and costs                            2,099.3            2,345.1             (245.8)          (10.5%)
Impairment losses                                               159.6               74.2               85.4          115.2%
Total                                                        10,459.4            8,531.4             1,928.1          22.6%


Staff costs amounted to RMB7,202.9 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB1,465.0 million or 25.5%,
mainly due to an improvement in the operating results of the Group compared with that of 2018 and an increase in
the number of staff.
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




2019 Annual Report
                                                                 Depreciation and amortization expenses amounted to RMB913.2 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
                                                                 RMB611.3 million or 202.5%, mainly due to the depreciation and amortization expenses recognized for the right-of-use
                                                                 assets by the Group as a result of adopting IFRS 16, Leases (“IFRS 16”). For details of changes in accounting policies of
                                                                 the Group in 2019, please refer to Independent Auditor’s Report – Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 2.
                                                                 APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSS”).


                                                                 Tax and surcharges amounted to RMB84.4 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB12.1 million or 16.7%,
      62
                                                                 mainly due to the increase in surcharges of value added tax resulting from the increase in the taxable revenue in
                                                                 respect of value added tax.




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                 Other operating expenses and costs amounted to RMB2,099.3 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of
                                                                 RMB245.8 million or 10.5%, mainly due to expenses incurred from office leasing and office equipment maintenance no
                                                                 longer recognized as lease expenses as a result of adopting IFRS 16.


                                                                 In 2019, impairment losses of the Group amounted to RMB159.6 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
                                                                 RMB85.4 million or 115.2% compared with that of 2018, mainly consisted of impairment losses of accounts receivable.


                                                    2.   Segment Results
                                                         We have five principal business segments: Investment Banking, Equities, FICC, Wealth Management and Investment
                                                         Management. The segment Others mainly comprises of other business departments and back offices.


                                                                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB in million


                                                         Items                                                           2019                2018            Change          % of change
                                                         Investment Banking(1)
                                                           Segment revenue and other income                           3,865.2              2,990.4              874.8               29.3%
                                                              Fee and commission income                               3,359.7              2,669.4              690.4               25.9%
                                                              Interest income                                             34.9               12.0                22.9              190.8%
                                                              Investment income                                         461.4               284.8               176.5               62.0%
                                                              Other income, net                                            9.2               24.2               (15.0)              (61.9%)
                                                           Interest expenses                                           (146.6)              (115.2)             (31.4)              27.3%
                                                           Revenue and other income after interest                    3,718.6              2,875.2              843.4               29.3%
                                                           Non-interest expenses     (2)
                                                                                                                     (2,390.3)            (1,890.4)            (499.8)              26.4%
                                                           Profit before income tax                                   1,328.3               984.8               343.5               34.9%
                                                                                                                                                        Increased by
                                                                                                                                                      1.4 percentage
                                                           Segment margin(3)                                           34.4%                32.9%              points


                                                         Interest income of Investment Banking increased significantly year on year, mainly consisted of the interest income from the
                                                         financing services provided to our clients.
                                                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report
Items                                                         2019                2018            Change        % of change
Equities(1)
  Segment revenue and other income                          4,101.1             2,738.1            1,362.9              49.8%
       Fee and commission income                            1,668.9             1,599.7               69.2               4.3%
       Interest income                                        341.8               257.3               84.5              32.9%
       Investment income                                    2,025.9               671.9            1,354.0             201.5%
       Other income, net                                       64.5               209.2             (144.7)            (69.2%)         63
  Interest expenses                                          (622.7)             (511.4)            (111.4)             21.8%
  Revenue and other income after interest                   3,478.3             2,226.7            1,251.6              56.2%




                                                                                                                                 China International Capital Corporation Limited
  Non-interest expenses    (2)
                                                           (1,163.9)             (998.9)            (165.0)             16.5%
  Profit before income tax                                  2,314.4             1,227.8            1,086.6              88.5%
                                                                                              Increased by
                                                                                           11.6 percentage
  Segment margin(3)                                          56.4%               44.8%              points


Investment income of Equities increased significantly year on year, mainly resulting from the Group’s increasing business
scale of OTC derivatives amid a stock market with a fluctuating upward trajectory and increasing trading activities in 2019.


Items                                                         2019                2018            Change        % of change
FICC (1)


  Segment revenue and other income                          5,663.3             4,391.6            1,271.7              29.0%
       Fee and commission income                              948.3               491.0              457.3              93.1%
       Interest income                                      1,285.7             1,061.6              224.2              21.1%
       Investment income                                    3,349.2             2,731.1              618.1              22.6%
       Other income, net                                       80.1               108.0               (27.9)           (25.9%)
  Interest expenses                                        (3,045.0)           (2,508.6)            (536.4)             21.4%
  Revenue and other income after interest                   2,618.3             1,883.1              735.2              39.0%
  Non-interest expenses(2)                                   (759.9)             (577.4)            (182.5)             31.6%
  Profit before income tax                                  1,858.4             1,305.7              552.7              42.3%
                                                                                              Increased by
                                                                                            3.1 percentage
  Segment margin(3)                                          32.8%               29.7%              points
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




2019 Annual Report
                                                       Items                                              2019       2018            Change      % of change
                                                       Investment Management(1)
                                                         Segment revenue and other income              2,067.9     1,878.7              189.2          10.1%
                                                           Fee and commission income                   1,785.9     1,655.2              130.7           7.9%
                                                           Interest income                                10.0        24.9              (14.9)        (59.8%)
                                                           Investment income                             217.0       151.7               65.2          43.0%
      64                                                   Other income, net                              55.0        46.9                8.1          17.3%
                                                         Interest expenses                              (114.9)       (83.8)            (31.1)         37.1%
                                                         Revenue and other income after interest       1,953.0     1,794.9              158.0           8.8%




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                         Non-interest expenses  (2)
                                                                                                       (1,195.5)   (1,035.4)           (160.1)         15.5%
                                                         Share of profits of associates and
                                                           joint ventures                                 70.8        44.1               26.7          60.5%
                                                         Profit before income tax                        828.3       803.7               24.6           3.1%
                                                                                                                                Decreased by
                                                                                                                               2.7 percentage
                                                         Segment margin(3)                              40.1%       42.8%              points


                                                       Wealth Management (1)
                                                         Segment revenue and other income              5,572.8     5,409.4              163.4           3.0%
                                                           Fee and commission income                   2,934.5     2,353.8              580.7          24.7%
                                                           Interest income                             2,685.3     2,767.3              (81.9)         (3.0%)
                                                           Investment income                              (68.6)     238.1             (306.8)           N/A
                                                           Other income, net                              21.6        50.2              (28.6)        (56.9%)
                                                         Interest expenses                             (1,656.1)   (1,755.0)             98.9          (5.6%)
                                                         Revenue and other income after interest       3,916.7     3,654.4              262.3           7.2%
                                                         Non-interest expenses  (2)
                                                                                                       (2,850.7)   (2,548.9)           (301.7)         11.8%
                                                         Share of (losses)/profits of associates and
                                                           joint ventures                                  (6.6)      98.8             (105.4)           N/A
                                                         Profit before income tax                      1,059.5     1,204.3             (144.8)        (12.0%)
                                                                                                                                Decreased by
                                                                                                                               3.3 percentage
                                                         Segment margin(3)                              19.0%       22.3%              points
                                                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report
Items                                                         2019                2018           Change        % of change
Others(1)(4)
  Segment revenue and other income                          1,512.3             1,131.4             380.9              33.7%
      Fee and commission income                                35.7                 51.3             (15.6)           (30.4%)
      Interest income                                         442.5              463.9               (21.4)            (4.6%)
      Investment income                                       973.9              463.4              510.5            110.2%
      Other income, net                                        60.2              152.8               (92.6)           (60.6%)          65
  Segment expenses                                         (3,595.7)           (2,245.8)          (1,349.8)            60.1%
  Share of losses of associates and




                                                                                                                                 China International Capital Corporation Limited
      joint ventures                                            (3.9)             (24.4)              20.5            (84.2%)
  Loss before income tax                                   (2,087.3)           (1,138.9)            (948.4)            83.3%


Investment income of Others increased significantly year on year, mainly due to a notable increase in gains from debt
investments at fair value through profit or loss and from derivative financial assets of equity contracts of the consolidated
structured entities in which the Group held interests.


(1)     The Company acquired 100% equity interests of CICC Wealth Management (Former CISC) in March 2017. As of
        December 31, 2018, as the restructuring and integration was still in progress, CICC Wealth Management was managed
        and, in the 2018 annual report, presented as a separate operating segment. As of December 31, 2019, with a greater
        progress achieved in the integration, based on the nature of their business activities, the existing business units of
        CICC Wealth Management were reorganized and their financial performance was presented in the relevant operating
        segments. The information of comparative period was restated accordingly.


(2)     Non-interest expenses include fee and commission expenses, staff costs, depreciation and amortization expenses, tax
        and surcharges, other operating expenses and costs, and impairment losses.


(3)     Segment margin = profit before income tax/segment revenue and other income.


(4)     The segment margin of Others is not presented because this segment incurred loss before income tax in the relevant
        years.
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                    (vi) Analysis of Items in Statement of Financial Position


2019 Annual Report
                                                        1.   Items of Assets
                                                             As of December 31, 2019, the Group’s total assets amounted to RMB344,971.2 million, representing a year-on-year
                                                             increase of RMB69,550.7 million or 25.3%. Excluding accounts payable to brokerage clients and to underwriting clients,
                                                             the Group’s adjusted total assets as of December 31, 2019 amounted to RMB292,155.9 million, representing a year-on-
                                                             year increase of RMB58,053.3 million or 24.8%. Breakdown of the Group’s assets is listed as follows:
      66
                                                                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB in million

                                                             Items                                                December 31, 2019 December 31, 2018                  Change      % of change




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                             Property and equipment and
                                                                intangible assets                                                  1,014.6                   869.4       145.2           16.7%
                                                             Interests in associates and joint ventures                            1,168.5                 1,267.0       (98.5)           (7.8%)
                                                             Financial assets at fair value through
                                                                profit or loss                                                168,191.9                 114,784.9      53,407.0          46.5%
                                                             Financial assets at fair value through other
                                                                comprehensive income                                           28,985.8                  35,699.7      (6,713.8)         (18.8%)
                                                             Receivable from margin clients and
                                                                reverse REPOs                                                  37,488.9                  37,297.2         191.7            0.5%
                                                             Accounts receivable                                               17,876.6                  11,368.8       6,507.8          57.2%
                                                             Derivative financial assets                                        4,502.2                   5,529.5      (1,027.3)         (18.6%)
                                                             Cash held on behalf of clients                                    48,458.8                  37,902.9      10,555.9          27.8%
                                                             Cash and bank balances                                            23,958.9                  22,424.5       1,534.4            6.8%
                                                             Others                                                            13,325.1                   8,276.7       5,048.4          61.0%
                                                             Total                                                            344,971.2                 275,420.5      69,550.7          25.3%


                                                             The charts below set forth the composition of the Group’s assets as at the indicated dates:

                                                             Composition of assets as of                                            Composition of assets as of
                                                             December 31, 2019                                                      December 31, 2018

                                                              3.9%                                                                  3.0%
                                                                                                          6.9%                                                              8.1%
                                                              0.3%                                                                  0.3%
                                                              0.3%                                                                  0.5%
                                                                                                          14.0%                                                             13.8%

                                                                                                          1.3%                                                              2.0%
                                                                                                          5.2%                                                              4.1%



                                                                                                          10.9%                                                             13.5%
                                                                                                          8.4%

                                                             48.8%                                                                  41.7%                                   13.0%

                                                               Property and equipment and intangible assets                           Accounts receivable
                                                               Interests in associates and joint ventures                             Derivative financial assets
                                                               Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  Cash held on behalf of clients
                                                               Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income      Cash and bank balances
                                                               Receivable from margin clients and reverse REPOs                       Others
INVESTMENTS



                                                                                                                                  2019 Annual Report
The Group’s investments consisted of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, interests in
associates and joint ventures, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and derivative financial assets.


As of December 31, 2019, the investments of the Group amounted to RMB202,848.4 million, representing a year-on-
year increase of RMB45,567.3 million or 29.0%. Breakdown of the Group’s investments is listed as follows:
                                                                                                                                        67
                                                                                                          Unit: RMB in million




                                                                                                                                  China International Capital Corporation Limited
Items                                         December 31, 2019         December 31, 2018           Change % of change
Financial assets at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                               28,985.8                  35,699.7        (6,713.8)          (18.8%)
Interests in associates and joint ventures                  1,168.5                   1,267.0           (98.5)           (7.8%)
Financial assets at fair value through
  profit or loss                                          168,191.9                114,784.9         53,407.0           46.5%
Derivative financial assets                                 4,502.2                   5,529.5        (1,027.3)          (18.6%)
Total                                                     202,848.4                157,281.1         45,567.3           29.0%


Financial Assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income
As of December 31, 2019, the Group’s financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income amounted
to RMB28,985.8 million, accounting for 8.4% of the Group’s total assets. The financial assets at fair value through other
comprehensive income decreased by RMB6,713.8 million or 18.8%, mainly due to the decrease in debt investments.
Breakdown of the Group’s financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income is listed as follows:


                                                                                                          Unit: RMB in million


Items                                         December 31, 2019         December 31, 2018           Change % of change
Debt investments                                           28,985.8                  35,699.7        (6,713.8)          (18.8%)
Total                                                      28,985.8                  35,699.7        (6,713.8)          (18.8%)
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                          Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures



2019 Annual Report
                                                          As of December 31, 2019, the Group’s interests in associates and joint ventures amounted to RMB1,168.5 million,
                                                          accounting for 0.3% of the Group’s total assets. The interests in associates and joint ventures decreased by RMB98.5
                                                          million or 7.8%, mainly due to a decrease in the Group’s share of profits of associates and joint ventures and the exit of
                                                          investments in some of the associates and joint ventures in 2019. Breakdown of the Group’s interests in associates and
                                                          joint ventures is listed as follows:
      68
                                                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB in million




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                          Items                                      December 31, 2019         December 31, 2018         Change % of change
                                                          Associates                                                 624.4                  716.6            (92.2)        (12.9%)
                                                          Joint ventures                                             544.1                  550.4             (6.3)         (1.1%)
                                                          Total                                                   1,168.5                 1,267.0            (98.5)         (7.8%)


                                                          Financial Assets at Fair Value through Profit or Loss
                                                          As of December 31, 2019, the Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit or loss amounted to RMB168,191.9
                                                          million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB53,407.0 million or 46.5% and accounting for 48.8% of the Group’s
                                                          total assets. The details of the investment categories are as follows:


                                                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB in million


                                                          Items                                      December 31, 2019         December 31, 2018         Change % of change
                                                          Equity investments
                                                          – Hedge position held for OTC
                                                             derivative transactions                             62,114.4                23,580.7        38,533.8          163.4%
                                                          – Financial assets of consolidated
                                                             structured entities                                  2,117.9                   306.4          1,811.5         591.2%
                                                          – Equity investments held directly
                                                             by the Group                                         5,457.2                 3,305.8          2,151.4          65.1%
                                                          Subtotal                                               69,689.5                27,192.9        42,496.6          156.3%
                                                          Debt investments
                                                          – Financial assets of consolidated
                                                             structured entities                                  7,017.9                 2,778.7          4,239.2         152.6%
                                                          – Debt investments held directly
                                                             by the Group                                        69,112.9                65,104.4          4,008.5           6.2%
                                                          Subtotal                                               76,130.8                67,883.1          8,247.8          12.1%
                                                          Funds and other investments
                                                          – Financial assets of consolidated
                                                             structured entities                                  1,359.9                 1,343.7             16.2           1.2%
                                                          – Funds and other investments
                                                             held directly by the Group                          21,011.6                18,365.2          2,646.4          14.4%
                                                          Subtotal                                               22,371.5                19,708.9          2,662.6          13.5%
                                                          Total                                                 168,191.9               114,784.9        53,407.0           46.5%
                                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report
The Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit or loss represented a year-on-year increase of RMB53,407.0
million or 46.5%, mainly because that the Group expanded its scale of investments:


－     RMB10,495.7 million in financial assets of consolidated structured entities that the Group sponsored and held
      interests in, accounting for 6.2% of the total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. The financial
      assets of these consolidated structured entities included RMB2,117.9 million of equity investments, primarily
      listed stocks; RMB7,017.9 million of debt investments, most of which were debt securities above investment
                                                                                                                                  69
      grade and securitized products; RMB1,359.9 million of funds and other investments, mainly money market funds;


－     RMB62,114.4 million of investments in hedge equity position held for OTC derivative transactions by the Group,




                                                                                                                            China International Capital Corporation Limited
      consisted of underlying assets of the OTC derivatives trading agreements into which the Group had entered
      with its clients, accounting for 36.9% of the total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. These
      underlying assets were held to hedge the market risks associated with OTC derivative trading whereby the
      volatility in fair value of the underlying assets was mainly assumed by the clients and had no material impact to
      the Group’s profit or loss;


－     RMB5,457.2 million of equity investments held directly by the Group, accounting for 3.2% of the total financial
      assets at fair value through profit or loss, most of which were equity investments of the private equity funds,
      investment in STAR Market and investment in stocks for the NEEQ market making business;


－     RMB69,112.9 million in debt investments held directly by the Group, accounting for 41.1% of the total financial
      assets at fair value through profit or loss, most of which were debt securities above investment grade and
      securitized products;


－     RMB21,011.6 million in funds and other investments held directly by the Group, accounting for 12.5% of the total
      financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, most of which were money market funds and fixed-income
      products with high liquidity and low risks.
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                          Derivative Financial Assets



2019 Annual Report
                                                          As of December 31, 2019, the Group’s derivative financial assets amounted to RMB4,502.2 million, representing a year-
                                                          on-year decrease of RMB1,027.3 million or 18.6% and accounting for 1.3% of the Group’s total assets. The decrease
                                                          in the Group’s derivative financial assets was mainly caused by a lower valuation of the OTC derivatives attributable
                                                          to change in prices of the stock market. As a result, the derivative financial assets of equity contracts decreased by
                                                          RMB1,221.8 million or 27.7% compared with that at the end of 2018. Breakdown of the Group’s derivative financial
      70                                                  assets is listed as follows:


                                                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB in million




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                          Items                                      December 31, 2019        December 31, 2018          Change % of change
                                                          Interest rate contracts                                   558.9                   826.5         (267.5)        (32.4%)
                                                          Currency contracts                                        209.9                    99.6          110.3        110.7%
                                                          Equity contracts                                        3,195.1                 4,416.9        (1,221.8)       (27.7%)
                                                          Credit contracts                                             2.3                    5.9            (3.6)       (61.1%)
                                                          Other contracts                                           536.0                   180.7          355.3        196.7%
                                                          Total                                                   4,502.2                 5,529.5        (1,027.3)       (18.6%)


                                                          RECEIVABLE FROM MARGIN CLIENTS AND REVERSE REPOs
                                                          As of December 31, 2019, the Group’s receivable from margin clients and reverse REPOs totalled RMB37,488.9 million,
                                                          representing a year-on-year increase of RMB191.7 million or 0.5%.


                                                          PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                          As of December 31, 2019, the Group’s property and equipment and intangible assets totalled RMB1,014.6 million,
                                                          representing a year-on-year increase of RMB145.2 million or 16.7%, mainly due to the increase in expenditures on
                                                          office equipment and softwares. Breakdown of the Group’s property and equipment and intangible assets is listed as
                                                          follows:


                                                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB in million


                                                          Items                                      December 31, 2019        December 31, 2018          Change % of change
                                                          Property and equipment                                    729.5                   597.2          132.3         22.2%
                                                          Intangible assets                                         285.1                   272.2           12.9           4.7%
                                                          Total                                                   1,014.6                   869.4          145.2         16.7%


                                                          CASH HELD ON BEHALF OF CLIENTS
                                                          The Group’s cash held on behalf of clients consisted of cash held on behalf of brokerage clients and underwriting
                                                          clients. As of December 31, 2019, it amounted to RMB48,458.8 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
                                                          RMB10,555.9 million or 27.8%, mainly due to the increase in deposits from brokerage clients.
     CASH AND BANK BALANCES



                                                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report
     As of December 31, 2019, the Group’s cash and bank balances amounted to RMB23,958.9 million, representing a year-on-
     year increase of RMB1,534.4 million or 6.8%.


2.   Items of Liabilities
     As of December 31, 2019, the Group’s total liabilities amounted to RMB296,439.7 million, representing a year-on-year
     increase of RMB63,395.9 million or 27.2%. Excluding accounts payable to brokerage clients and to underwriting clients, the                 71

     Group’s adjusted total liabilities as of December 31, 2019 amounted to RMB243,624.4 million, representing a year-on-year
     increase of RMB51,898.5 million or 27.1%. Breakdown of the Group’s liabilities is listed as follows:




                                                                                                                                          China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB in million


     Items                                          December 31, 2019       December 31, 2018          Change % of change
     Accounts payable to brokerage clients
       and to underwriting clients                             52,815.4                 41,317.9       11,497.5            27.8%
     Financial liabilities at fair value through
       profit or loss and derivative financial
       liabilities                                             32,932.5                 18,475.5       14,457.1            78.3%
     Placements from financial institutions,
       short-term debt securities issued and
       long-term debt securities issued due
       within one year                                         67,128.8                 35,589.1       31,539.7            88.6%
     REPOs                                                     24,708.3                48,650.8       (23,942.5)           (49.2%)
     Long-term debt securities issued                          57,585.3                48,998.8         8,586.5            17.5%
     Others                                                    61,269.5                40,011.8        21,257.7            53.1%
     Total                                                   296,439.7                233,043.8        63,395.9            27.2%
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




2019 Annual Report
                                                          The following chart sets out the composition of the Group’s liabilities as of the dates indicated:


                                                          Composition of liabilities as of                                Composition of liabilities as of
                                                          December 31, 2019                                               December 31, 2018

                                                                                                          20.7%                                                           17.2%


      72
                                                                                                          17.8%                                                           17.7%
                                                          19.4%                                                           21.0%




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                                                                          7.9%
                                                           8.3%
                                                                                                          11.1%


                                                                                                          22.6%           20.9%                                           15.3%


                                                            Accounts payable to brokerage clients and to                    REPOs
                                                            underwriting clients
                                                                                                                            Long-term debt securities issued
                                                            Financial liabilities at fair value through profit
                                                               or loss and derivative financial liabilities                 Others
                                                            Placements from financial institutions, short-term
                                                               debt securities issued and long-term debt
                                                               securities issued due within one year


                                                          As of December 31, 2019, the Group’s accounts payable to brokerage clients amounted to RMB48,337.9 million,
                                                          representing a year-on-year increase of RMB7,020.0 million or 17.0%, mainly due to an increase in the balance of client
                                                          deposits.


                                                                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB in million


                                                          Items                                           December 31, 2019           December 31, 2018        Change % of change
                                                          Individual clients                                          29,686.3                 22,623.8         7,062.6           31.2%
                                                          Institutional/corporate clients                             18,643.7                 18,686.5           (42.9)          (0.2%)
                                                          Accrued interest                                                  7.9                     7.6             0.3            3.3%
                                                          Total                                                       48,337.9                 41,317.9         7,020.0           17.0%


                                                          As of December 31, 2019, the Group’s financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss and derivative financial
                                                          liabilities totalled RMB32,932.5 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB14,457.1 million or 78.3%, mainly
                                                          due to the increase in liabilities payable in relation to client trading.
                                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report
As of December 31, 2019, the Group’s placements from financial institutions and outstanding short-term debt
securities issued and long-term debt securities issued due within one year totalled RMB67,128.8 million, representing
a year-on-year increase of RMB31,539.7 million or 88.6%, mainly due to the increase in short-term debt financing for
the development of balance sheet business. Breakdown of the Group’s placements from financial institutions and
outstanding short-term debt securities issued and long-term debt securities issued due within one year is listed as
follows:

                                                                                                                                 73
Items                                       December 31, 2019       December 31, 2018          Change % of change
Beneficiary certificates                                15,885.8                13,291.2        2,594.6         19.5%
Corporate bonds                                         19,469.8                 6,148.1       13,321.6        216.7%




                                                                                                                           China International Capital Corporation Limited
Subordinated bonds                                       1,041.4                 2,204.7       (1,163.3)       (52.8%)
Medium-term notes                                               –                3,439.9       (3,439.9)          N/A
Structured notes                                         6,649.5                 1,971.4        4,678.1        237.3%
Placements from financial institutions                  24,082.4                 8,533.8       15,548.6        182.2%
Total                                                   67,128.8                35,589.1       31,539.7         88.6%


As of December 31, 2019, the Group’s REPOs amounted to RMB24,708.3 million, representing a year-on-year decrease
of RMB23,942.5 million or 49.2%, mainly due to the decrease in scale of the Group’s bond pledged repurchase
transactions.


As of December 31, 2019, the balance of the Group’s outstanding long-term debt securities issued amounted to
RMB57,585.3 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB8,586.5 million or 17.5%. The Group’s long-term debt
securities issued in 2019 included three tranches of corporate bonds with an aggregate principal of RMB6,500.0 million,
five tranches of subordinated bonds with an aggregate principal of RMB9,500.0 million, one tranche of financial bonds
with a principal of RMB2,500.0 million, seven tranches of long-term beneficiary certificates with an aggregate principal
of RMB1,775.0 million and two tranches of USD-denominated medium-term notes with an aggregate principal of
US$1,000.0 million. Breakdown of the Group’s outstanding long-term debt securities issued is listed as follows:


Items                                       December 31, 2019       December 31, 2018          Change % of change
Beneficiary certificates                                 1,004.1                   404.7          599.4        148.1%
Subordinated bonds                                      21,366.7                12,812.1        8,554.6         66.8%
Corporate bonds                                         18,704.1                28,905.2      (10,201.1)       (35.3%)
Financial bonds                                          2,530.6                       –        2,530.6           N/A
Medium-term notes                                       13,979.7                 6,876.8        7,103.0        103.3%
Total                                                   57,585.3                48,998.8        8,586.5         17.5%


As of December 31, 2019, the Group’s other liabilities amounted to RMB61,269.5 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of RMB21,257.7 million or 53.1%, mainly due to the increase in trade payable for OTC derivative trading.
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                       3.   Items of Equity



2019 Annual Report
                                                            As of December 31, 2019, the Group’s total equity attributable to shareholders of the Company and holders of other
                                                            equity instruments amounted to RMB48,293.8 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB6,110.3 million or
                                                            14.5%, mainly from the placement of H Shares and operational accumulations. Breakdown of the Group’s equity is
                                                            listed as follows:


                                                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB in million
      74

                                                            Items                                      December 31, 2019        December 31, 2018         Change % of change
                                                                                                                    4,368.7




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                            Share capital                                                                   4,192.7          176.0          4.2%
                                                            Capital reserve                                        26,931.6                24,822.6        2,109.0          8.5%
                                                            Surplus reserve                                           736.6                   532.5          204.1         38.3%
                                                            General reserves                                        3,201.2                 2,547.7          653.5         25.6%
                                                            Investment revaluation reserve                            191.0                    41.8          149.2        356.7%
                                                            Foreign currency translation reserve                       84.1                   (81.0)         165.2           N/A
                                                            Retained profits                                       11,780.6                 9,127.3        2,653.3         29.1%
                                                            Other equity instruments                                1,000.0                 1,000.0              –             –
                                                            Total equity attributable to
                                                              shareholders of the Company and
                                                              holders of other equity instruments                  48,293.8                42,183.5        6,110.3         14.5%


                                                            As of December 31, 2019, the Group’s investment revaluation reserve amounted to RMB191.0 million, representing a
                                                            year-on-year increase of RMB149.2 million or 356.7%, mainly due to the increase in net gains from changes in fair value
                                                            of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income.
(vii) Contingent Liabilities


                                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report
                                                                government authorities. The amount of the fee is
                                                                subject to the decision of the relevant government
    As of December 31, 2019, CICC Wealth Management,
                                                                authorities, and CICC Wealth Management is of the
    a subsidiary of the Company, held one piece of
                                                                view that such amount cannot be reliably measured.
    land under construction for which CICC Wealth
                                                                As a result, no relevant accrued liabilities were
    Management had obtained the corresponding land
                                                                recognised as of December 31, 2019. Up to the
    use right certificates and construction permits in
                                                                date of approving the Group’s financial statements,
    accordance with PRC laws. By relevant laws and                                                                                75
                                                                construction of the land has not commenced, and
    regulations, in the event of delay in commencement
                                                                the Group has completed the bidding for the agent
    of construction, CICC Wealth Management may
                                                                construction party for this project and will actively




                                                                                                                            China International Capital Corporation Limited
    be subject to a fee on idle land of no more than
                                                                carry forward the construction work thereof.
    RMB112.2 million (equivalent to 20% of the land
    transfer fee) and/or to forfeiture of the land
                                                                Except for the above, the Group has no other
    use rights. However, if the delay is caused by
                                                                outstanding matters which have a material impact
    government actions or other force majeure events,
                                                                on its consolidated financial position as of December
    CICC Wealth Management may negotiate with
                                                                31, 2019.
    relevant government authorities for postponing
    the commencement of construction and extending
                                                            (viii) Pledge of Assets of the Group
    the construction period. CICC Wealth Management
    received an idle land verification report from              The Group has no pledge of assets as of December
    relevant government authorities on February 1,              31, 2019.
    2018. According to the report, the aforesaid land was
    recognised as idle land, and the idling was caused      (ix) Income Tax Policy
    by government and corporate reasons. In May 2018,           In accordance with the Enterprise Income Tax Law
    CICC Wealth Management received a Hearing Right             of the PRC (中華人民共和國企業所得稅法) and
    Notice from the relevant government authorities,            the Provisions of Implementation for the Enterprise
    demanding the payment of a fee on idle land of              Income Tax Law of the PRC (中華人民共和國企業
    RMB112.2 million and thereupon CICC Wealth                  所得稅法實施條例), the statutory corporate income
    Management applied for attending hearing meeting.           tax rate applicable to our Company and our PRC
    Thereafter in August 2018, CICC Wealth Management           subsidiaries is 25%. Our Hong Kong subsidiaries are
    received a Hearing Notice and attended the hearing.         subject to a tax rate of 16.5% on their assessable
    Up to the date of approving the Group’s financial           profit. The Company’s income tax computation and
    statements, CICC Wealth Management is still in              payment are governed by the Announcement of
    the progress of communicating with the relevant             the State Administration of Taxation on Printing
                                                                and Distributing the Administrative Measures for
                                                                Collection of Consolidated Payments of Enterprise
                                                                Income Tax by the Enterprises with Trans-regional
                                                                Operations (
                                                                           《國家稅務總局關於印發〈跨地區經
                                                                                    )
                                                                營匯總納稅企業所得稅徵收管理辦法〉的公告》
                                                                (Public Notice of the State Administration of Taxation
                                                                [2012] No.57). During the year ended December
                                                                31, 2019, we had fulfilled all our tax obligations and
                                                                did not have any unresolved tax disputes with the
                                                                relevant tax authorities in China or other jurisdictions.
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                  V. S I G N I F I C A N T I N V E S T M E N T A N D


2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                                      the Hong Kong Stock Exchange trading fees and
                                                     FINANCING ACTIVITIES OF OUR                                      the SFC transaction levy) represents a discount of
                                                     GROUP                                                            approximately 7.34% to the closing price of HK$15.54
                                                                                                                      per H Share as quoted on the Hong Kong Stock
                                                      (i)   Equity Investment
                                                                                                                      Exchange on October 16, 2019, being the last trading
                                                            During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have       day immediately before the execution of the Placing
                                                            significant equity investments.                           Agreement. The closing price of the Company’s H
      76
                                                                                                                      Shares as quoted on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
                                                      (ii) Equity Financing                                           on October 17, 2019 was HK$14.78 per H Share. The
                                                                                                                      Company intends to use the net proceeds from the




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                            Save as disclosed below, the Group had no
                                                                                                                      Placing to replenish the capital of the Company,
                                                            significant equity financing during the Reporting
                                                                                                                      support the development of the Company’s existing
                                                            Period.
                                                                                                                      and new businesses both domestically and overseas,
                                                                                                                      further increase investment in strategic areas such
                                                            In order to meet the business development needs
                                                                                                                      as internationalization and seize opportunities for
                                                            of the Company and achieve strategic layout of
                                                                                                                      strategic mergers and acquisitions.
                                                            the Company, on October 16, 2019, the Company
                                                            entered into the Placing Agreement with the Placing
                                                                                                                      The abovementioned Placing has been completed
                                                            Agent in relation to the placing of an aggregate
                                                                                                                      on October 24, 2019. The aggregate gross proceeds
                                                            of 176,000,000 new H Shares with an aggregate
                                                                                                                      from the Placing are approximately HK$2,534.40
                                                            nominal value of RMB176,000,000 at the Placing Price
                                                                                                                      million and the aggregate net proceeds from the
                                                            of HK$14.40 per Placing Share (exclusive of brokerage
                                                                                                                      Placing are approximately HK$2,502.14 million
                                                            (if any), the Hong Kong Stock Exchange trading fees
                                                                                                                      after deducting the expenses of the Placing. For
                                                            and the SFC transaction levy) to no fewer than six
                                                                                                                      details, please refer to the announcements issued
                                                            professional, institutional and/or individual investors
                                                                                                                      by the Company on October 17, 2019 and October
                                                            which are not connected parties or connected
                                                                                                                      24, 2019. As of December 31, 2019, the Group has
                                                            persons of the Company, on a best effort basis. The
                                                                                                                      utilized all of net proceeds from the Placing, of
                                                            Placing Shares represent approximately 10.187%
                                                                                                                      which, 79.4% were used in securities investments
                                                            and 4.198%, respectively, of the total issued H Shares
                                                                                                                      and transactions, 2.4% in securities underwriting,
                                                            of the Company and the total issued Shares of the
                                                                                                                      16.5% in capital businesses, 1.8% in the working
                                                            Company prior to the Placing, and approximately
                                                                                                                      capital in the ordinary and usual course of businesses
                                                            9.245% and 4.029%, respectively, of the total issued
                                                                                                                      and development.
                                                            H Shares and the total issued Shares of the Company
                                                            as enlarged by the allotment and issue of the Placing
                                                            Shares. The net Placing Price (after deduction of the
                                                            expenses of the Placing) is approximately HK$14.22
                                                            per Placing Share. The Placing Price of HK$14.40
                                                            per Placing Share (exclusive of brokerage (if any),
(iii) Debt Financing


                                                                                                                                                     2019 Annual Report
        As of December 31, 2019, the Group’s outstanding bonds are set out below:


                                     Size of
 Type            Tranche           Issuance    Date of Value      Maturity Date      Interest Rate Remarks
                 16 CICC 01       RMB3,000     July 18, 2016      July 18, 2021      3.58%        The Company has an option to redeem such
                                     million                                                      bond on July 18, 2019. According to the                  77
                                                                                                  Company’s announcement dated June 28, 2019,
                                                                                                  the Company announced to waive the option




                                                                                                                                                     China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                                  to redeem such bond, and opted to increase
                                                                                                  the coupon rate from 2.99% to 3.58% for the
                                                                                                  last two years of the duration of such bond, and
                                                                                                  hence was obligated to redeem such bond if
                                                                                                  required by the investors. On July 18, 2019, the
                                                                                                  Company has redeemed such bond as requested
                                                                                                  by investors who excised put options, and the
                                                                                                  remaining amount of such bond following the
                                                                                                  redemption was RMB2,876 million.


                 16 CICC 02       RMB1,000     July 18, 2016      July 18, 2023      3.29%        Our Company has an option to redeem such
                                     million                                                      bond on July 18, 2021. If the early redemption
                                                                                                  option is not exercised at the end of the fifth
                                                                                                  year, the Company has an option to increase
 Corporate                                                                                        the coupon rate and an obligation to redeem
 bonds                                                                                            such bond if required by the investors.


                 16 CICC 04         RMB900     October 27, 2016 October 27, 2023 3.13%            Our Company has an option to redeem
                                     million                                                      such bond on October 27, 2021. If the early
                                                                                                  redemption option is not exercised at the end
                                                                                                  of the fifth year, the Company has an option to
                                                                                                  increase the coupon rate and an obligation to
                                                                                                  redeem such bond if required by the investors.


                 17 CICC 01       RMB4,000     January 20, 2017   January 20, 2020   4.35%
                                     million


                 17 CICC 02       RMB1,000     May 8, 2017        May 8, 2020        4.97%
                                     million


                 17 CICC 03       RMB1,000     May 8, 2017        May 8, 2022        5.19%
                                     million


                 17 CICC 04       RMB2,000     July 27, 2017      July 27, 2020      4.78%
                                     million
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




2019 Annual Report
                                                                                Size of
                                                     Type        Tranche      Issuance    Date of Value        Maturity Date        Interest Rate Remarks
                                                                 17 CICC 05   RMB2,000    October 20, 2017 October 20, 2020 5.13%
                                                                                million


                                                                 17 CICC 06   RMB2,500    N o v e m b e r 2 1 , N o v e m b e r 2 1 , 5.45%
      78                                                                        million   2017                 2020


                                                                 18 CICC 01   RMB1,000    January 26, 2018     January 26, 2020     5.58%




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                million


                                                                 18 CICC 02   RMB1,000    January 26, 2018     January 26, 2021     5.70%
                                                                                million


                                                                 18 CICC 03    RMB500     April 24, 2018       April 24, 2020       4.80%
                                                                                million


                                                                 18 CICC 04   RMB1,000    April 24, 2018       April 24, 2021       4.94%
                                                                                million


                                                                 18 CICC 05   RMB1,000    June 28, 2018        June 28, 2020        5.20%
                                                     Corporate                  million
                                                     bonds
                                                                 18 CICC 06   RMB1,000    June 28, 2018        June 28, 2021        5.30%
                                                                                million


                                                                 19 CICC 04   RMB1,500    N o v e m b e r 2 1 , N o v e m b e r 2 1 , 3.52%
                                                                                million   2019                 2025


                                                                 17 CISC F1   RMB3,000    July 18, 2017        July 18, 2020        4.95%
                                                                                million


                                                                 17 CISC F2   RMB1,000    July 18, 2017        July 18, 2022        5.10%
                                                                                million


                                                                 18 CISC 01   RMB1,000    March 23, 2018       March 23, 2021       5.95%
                                                                                million


                                                                 18 CISC 02   RMB2,000    S e p t e m b e r 3 , S e p t e m b e r 3 , 4.72%
                                                                                million   2018                 2020


                                                                 18 CISC 03   RMB1,000    September 21, September 21, 4.99%
                                                                                million   2018                 2021
                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report
                              Size of
Type           Tranche      Issuance    Date of Value        Maturity Date        Interest Rate Remarks
               19 CISC 01   RMB2,000    April 22, 2019       April 22, 2022       4.22%
                              million

Corporate
               19 CICC      RMB3,000    October 16, 2019 October 16, 2024 3.58%
bonds
               Wealth         million                                                                           79
               Management
               01




                                                                                                          China International Capital Corporation Limited
               19 CICC      RMB2,500    August 22, 2019      August 22, 2022      3.39%
Financial
               Financial      million
bonds
               Bond 01


               16 CICC C2   RMB3,400    D e c e m b e r 1 5 , D e c e m b e r 1 5 , 4.60%
                              million   2016                 2021


               17 CICC C1    RMB600     May 22, 2017         May 22, 2022         5.39%
                              million


               17 CICC C2   RMB1,500    July 24, 2017        July 24, 2022        4.98%
                              million


               17 CICC C3   RMB1,500    N o v e m b e r 1 6 , N o v e m b e r 1 6 , 5.50%
                              million   2017                 2022


               18 CICC C1   RMB1,000    April 20, 2018       April 20, 2023       5.30%
                              million
Subordinated
bonds
               18 CICC C2   RMB1,500    August 29, 2018      August 29, 2021      4.70%
                              million


               19 CICC C1   RMB1,500    April 19, 2019       April 19, 2022       4.2%
                              million


               19 CICC C3   RMB1,500    October 14, 2019 October 14, 2024 4.09%
                              million


               19 CICC C4   RMB1,500    N o v e m b e r 1 1 , N o v e m b e r 1 1 , 4.12%
                              million   2019                 2024


               19 CICC C5   RMB2,000    D e c e m b e r 5 , D e c e m b e r 5 , 4.2%
                              million   2019                 2024
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




2019 Annual Report
                                                                                   Size of
                                                     Type           Tranche      Issuance    Date of Value        Maturity Date        Interest Rate Remarks
                                                                    17 CISC 01   RMB1,000    February 23, 2017 February 23, 2020 4.85%
                                                                                   million


                                                                    17 CISC 02   RMB1,800    February 23, 2017 February 23, 2022 5.00%
      80                                                                           million


                                                                    19 CISC C1   RMB3,000    April 25, 2019       April 25, 2022       4.50%




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                   million

                                                     Subordinated
                                                                    16 CICC       RMB100     D e c e m b e r 1 6 , D e c e m b e r 1 6 , Bearing an        CICC Futures has an option to redeem such
                                                     bonds
                                                                    Futures        million   2016                 2024                 interest rate       bond on December 16, 2021
                                                                                                                                       of 5.00% per
                                                                                                                                       annum in the
                                                                                                                                       first five years;
                                                                                                                                       8.00% from
                                                                                                                                       the
                                                                                                                                       sixth to
                                                                                                                                       eighth
                                                                                                                                       year


                                                                    15 CICC Y1   RMB1,000    May 29, 2015         –                    Bearing an          As at the end of each five-year period, our
                                                                                   million                                             interest rate       Company has a right to extend the term
                                                                                                                                       of 5.70% per        of such perpetual subordinated bonds for
                                                                                                                                       annum in the another five-year period
                                                     Perpetual
                                                                                                                                       first five years,
                                                     subordinated
                                                                                                                                       and subject
                                                     bonds
                                                                                                                                       to
                                                                                                                                       reset every
                                                                                                                                       five
                                                                                                                                       years
                                                                                                    2019 Annual Report
                            Size of
Type      Tranche          Issuance    Date of Value    Maturity Date       Interest Rate Remarks
          The three-        US$600     April 25, 2018   April 25, 2021, or 3-month USD
          year USD-          million                    interest payment LIBOR rate
          denominated                                   date nearest to +1.20%
          US$600 million                                April 25, 2021
          guaranteed                                                                                      81
          notes with
          floating rate




                                                                                                    China International Capital Corporation Limited
          under the
          guaranteed
          medium-
          term note
          programme
          of CICC Hong
          Kong Finance
          2016 MTN
          Limited
Notes
payable
          The three-        US$400     September 11, September 11,          3-month USD
          year USD-          million   2018             2021, or interest   LIBOR rate
          denominated                                   payment date        +1.20%
          US$400 million                                nearest to
          guaranteed                                    September 11,
          notes with                                    2021
          floating rate
          under the
          guaranteed
          medium-
          term note
          programme
          of CICC Hong
          Kong Finance
          2016 MTN
          Limited
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




2019 Annual Report
                                                                                       Size of
                                                     Type          Tranche            Issuance    Date of Value   Maturity Date     Interest Rate Remarks
                                                                   The three-          US$700     May 3, 2019     May 3, 2022,      3-month USD
                                                                   year USD-            million                   or interest       LIBOR rate
                                                                   denominated                                    payment date      +1.175%
                                                                   US$700 million                                 falling nearest
      82                                                           guaranteed                                     to May 3, 2022
                                                                   notes with
                                                                   floating rate




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                   under the
                                                                   guaranteed
                                                                   medium-
                                                                   term note
                                                                   programme
                                                                   of CICC Hong
                                                                   Kong Finance
                                                                   2016 MTN
                                                                   Limited
                                                     Notes
                                                     payable
                                                                   The three-          US$300     May 3, 2019     May 3, 2022       3.375%
                                                                   year USD-            million
                                                                   denominated
                                                                   US$300 million
                                                                   guaranteed
                                                                   notes with
                                                                   fixed rate
                                                                   under the
                                                                   guaranteed
                                                                   medium-
                                                                   term note
                                                                   programme
                                                                   of CICC Hong
                                                                   Kong Finance
                                                                   2016 MTN
                                                                   Limited


                                                    In addition, in 2019, the Group completed 2,099 issuances of beneficiary certificates, with an aggregate principal amount of
                                                    RMB70,442.88 million. As of December 31, 2019, the aggregate principal of the Group’s outstanding beneficiary certificates
                                                    amounted to RMB18,330.39 million. As of December 31, 2019, the balance of bank borrowings and overdrafts of the Group’s Hong
                                                    Kong subsidiaries amounted to approximately HK$2,440 million, US$707 million and RMB425 million.


                                                    In 2019, the Group completed the issuance of eight tranches of corporate bonds and one tranche of financial bonds, with an
                                                    aggregate issuance size of RMB18,500 million.
VI. RISK MANAGEMENT


                                                                                                                                    2019 Annual Report
                                                                   Directors performs its risk management duties primarily
                                                                   through the Risk Management Committee and the Audit
   Overview
                                                                   Committee; (ii) the Supervisory Committee assumes the
   Our Group has always believed that risk management              supervision duty on the effectiveness of the overall risk
   creates value. The risk management of our Group aims            management of our Company, and supervises and inspects
   to effectively allocate risk-based capital, limit risks to a    the fulfillment of the risk management duties performed by
   controllable level, maximize the corporate value and            the Board of Directors and the Management Committee,
                                                                                                                                          83
   constantly solidify the foundation for the steady and           and reviews the rectification of risk management
   sustainable development of our Group. Our Group has             deficiencies and findings; (iii) under the Board of Directors,
   sound corporate governance, effective risk management           our Company has established the Management Committee




                                                                                                                                    China International Capital Corporation Limited
   measures and a strict internal control system.                  chaired by the Chief Executive Officer. The Management
                                                                   Committee determines the risk appetite of our Company
   Pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations and               in accordance with the overall risk management goals
   regulatory requirements, our Group has established a            set by the Board of Directors and assumes the major
   sound governance structure. The general meeting, the            responsibility of ensuring the effectiveness of the overall
   Board of Directors and the Supervisory Committee of             risk management of our Company; (iv) the Risk Committee
   our Company perform duties in accordance with the               established under the Management Committee reports
   “Company Law”, the “Securities Law”, the “Guidance for          risk issues to the Management Committee and significant
   the Internal Control of Securities Companies” (
                                                《證券公司              risk matters to the Risk Management Committee under
         ), the “Norms for the Comprehensive Risk
   內部控制指引》                                                         the Board of Directors. The Chief Operating Officer is
   Management of Securities Companies” (
                                      《證券公司全面風                     the chairman of the Risk Committee, and the Chief Risk
        ) and the Articles of Association and supervise
   險管理規範》                                                          Officer and Chief Compliance Officer are the co-executive
   and manage the business operations of our Group.                chairmen of the Risk Committee. Other members include
   Through enhancing and improving the internal control            the Chief Financial Officer, heads of each of the business
   structure, compliance and risk management culture, the          departments and heads of independent departments
   Board of Directors has made internal control and risk           performing risk management functions. There are New
   management an essential aspect of the business operation        Product Committee, New Entity Set-Up Review Committee,
   management of our Group.                                        Capital Investment Committee, Capital Commitment
                                                                   Committee, Proprietary Investment Decision Committee
   Risk Management Framework                                       and Asset and Liability Management Committee under
                                                                   Management Committee, which perform their duties in
   The Group has established a multi-level risk management
                                                                   respect of new business/new product approval, branch
   organizational structure which comprises the Board of
                                                                   set-up and approval, approval of capital contribution from
   Directors, the Supervisory Committee, senior management,
                                                                   owned funds, risk control of issuance and underwriting in
   independent departments performing risk management
                                                                   investment banking business, management of investment
   functions, business departments and branches, of which, (i)
                                                                   decision-making process of proprietary business,
   the Board of Directors is the top level of our Company’s risk
                                                                   management of assets and liabilities of the Company
   management and internal control governance structure
                                                                   and etc.; (v) independent departments performing
   and is responsible for facilitating the enforcement of
                                                                   risk management functions, including internal control
   the firmwide risk management culture and reviewing
                                                                   departments such as Risk Management Department,
   and approving the overall risk management goals, risk
                                                                   Legal and Compliance Department, Treasury Department,
   appetite, risk tolerance, important risk limits and the
                                                                   Financial Control Department, Operations Department,
   risk management policy of our Company. The Board of
                                                                   Information Technology Department and Public Relations
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




2019 Annual Report
                                                    Department, coordinate to manage various risks based on
                                                    their respective perspectives; and (vi) heads of business
                                                    departments and branches take the primary responsibility
                                                    for the effectiveness of risk management. During our
                                                    daily business operations, all staff involved in business
                                                    operations in our business departments and branches are
                                                    required to perform risk management functions.
      84

                                                    The organizational structure of our Group’s risk
                                                    management is shown in the following chart:




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                          Board of Directors                                         Supervisory
                                                                                                                                                     Committee

                                                           Risk Management                                               Audit Committee
                                                               Committee

                                                                                        Chief Executive Officer
                                                                                                                                    Risk Committee

                                                                                            Management
                                                                                             Committee                          New Product Committee

                                                                                                                                  New Entity Set-up
                                                                                                                                  Review Committee

                                                                                                                                  Capital Investment
                                                                                                                                     Committee

                                                                                                                                 Capital Commitment
                                                                                                                                      Committee

                                                                                                                                Proprietary Investment
                                                                                                                                 Decision Committee

                                                                                                                                  Asset and Liability
                                                                                                                                Management Committee




                                                                                                                                    Other
                                                        Legal and            Risk                                Financial
                                                                                              Treasury                           departments                       Internal Audit
                                                       Compliance         Management                              Control
                                                                                             Department                         involved in risk                    Department
                                                       Department         Department                            Department
                                                                                                                                 management



                                                                                    Business Lines, Subsidiaries and Branches
Risk to Our Group’s Business Activities and


                                                                                                                                      2019 Annual Report
                                                                      During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to
Management Measures                                                   enhance risk management of the same business and
                                                                      the same customer. The Group formulated identification
Risks related to business activities of our Group mainly
                                                                      standards for the same business to implement relatively
include market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, operational risk,
                                                                      consistent risk management standards and measures
IT risk, compliance risk, legal risk and reputational risk, etc.
                                                                      for the same business and to identify, assess, measure,
Our Group proactively responded to risks through effective
                                                                      monitor and aggregate risks of the same business within
risk management measures, which generally prevented                                                                                         85
                                                                      the Group in a unified manner. The Group also formulated
the occurrence of significant risk events and ensured
                                                                      identification standards for the same customer to enhance
the stable development of the business operation of our
                                                                      standardized and regulated management of information




                                                                                                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited
Group. During the Reporting Period, the business of our
                                                                      of the same customer and to aggregate and monitor the
Group operated steadily and all risks were managed within
                                                                      business transactions in various business lines of the Group
a controllable and tolerable level.
                                                                      with the same customer, which will be implemented
                                                                      throughout all key links of business. At the same time, the
In 2019, the internal and external environment became
                                                                      Group managed relevant risks of customers identified as
increasingly complex and severe, and the Chinese
                                                                      related parties in a unified manner.
economy was under new downward pressure, but the
overall performance was steady and remained within a
                                                                      Market Risk
reasonable range. At the same time, the financial markets
fluctuated more wildly and the potential risks of the whole           Market risk refers to risks of changes in the fair value of
market increased, especially credit risks, market risks and           financial assets held by our Group resulting from the
liquidity risks. In view of the complicated and challenging           fluctuations in equity prices, interest rates, exchange rates
market environment, the Group’s risk management                       and commodity prices, etc.
encountered greater pressure. In 2019, the Group adhered
to the risk management and control requirements of                    Our Group has adopted the following measures to manage
“full coverage, looking through, and full cycle”, and                 market risk:
continuously strengthened the vertical risk management
system covering its subsidiaries and branches. Through                ➢     Business departments of our Group, as the first
joint efforts on risk management control of three lines of                  line of defense, dynamically manage market risk
defense, the Group actively identified, prudently evaluated,                of exposures by way of diversifying risk exposures,
dynamically monitored, timely reported and proactively                      controlling the size of positions and utilizing hedging
tackled with risks. The Group continued to enhance                          instruments;
risk management capabilities, review risk management
limits, mechanism and processes from a forward-looking
perspective, and improve risk management and control of
the same business and the same customer, to promote the
optimization and sustainable development of our business.
During the Reporting Period, the Group prevented the
occurrence of significant risk events and large losses, and
the overall risks were managed within a controllable and
tolerable level.
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




2019 Annual Report
                                                    ➢   The Risk Management Department of our Group                         •      Our Group monitors risk limit usage in real
                                                        independently assesses, monitors and manages the                           time or on a daily basis. The Risk Management
                                                        overall market risk of our Group with the following                        Department prepares daily risk reports to
                                                        measures. The market risk management mainly                                monitor the usage of limits and submits
                                                        includes risk measurement, limit formulation and risk                      them to the management and business
                                                        monitoring:                                                                departments. When the limit usage triggers
                                                                                                                                   the warning line, the Risk Management
      86
                                                        •     Our Group measures market risk mainly                                Department will issue a warning notice to
                                                              by means of Value at Risk (VaR) analysis,                            business departments. Once the risk indicators
                                                              stress tests and sensitivity analysis, etc. VaR                      exceed the limits, business departments shall




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                              is a major tool for our Group to measure                             report reasons of the breach and measures
                                                              and monitor market risk. VaR measures the                            to be taken to the Chief Risk Officer or his
                                                              potential maximum loss to an asset portfolio                         authorized person and shall be responsible for
                                                              by changes in market risk factors at a certain                       reducing the risk exposure to a level within
                                                              confidence level within a certain holding                            the limits in a given time frame. If this cannot
                                                              period. Our Group computes the single day                            be achieved, they are required to apply to the
                                                              VaR at a confidence level of 95% by adopting                         Chief Risk Officer or his authorized person for
                                                              a historical simulation method based on                              a temporary increase in limit. If necessary, the
                                                              three years of historical data and examines                          Chief Risk Officer will submit a request to the
                                                              the effectiveness of the model through the                           management.
                                                              method of back testing on a regular basis.
                                                              Meanwhile, our Group adopts stress test to              Value at Risk (VaR)
                                                              complement the VaR analysis and measures
                                                                                                                      Our Group sets the total VaR limit of our investment
                                                              whether the investment loss of our Group is
                                                                                                                      portfolio and VaR limits for different business lines. The Risk
                                                              within the scope of the risk tolerance when
                                                                                                                      Management Department computes and monitors VaRs of
                                                              market risk factors such as equity prices,
                                                                                                                      these financial instruments on a daily basis to ensure the
                                                              interest rates, exchange rates and commodity
                                                                                                                      daily VaRs are maintained within limits. The following table
                                                              prices undergo extreme changes. In addition,
                                                                                                                      sets forth the computed VaRs and diversification effect of
                                                              in respect of sensitivity factors of different
                                                                                                                      the Group by risk categories (equity prices, Interest rates,
                                                              assets, our Group measures the impact of
                                                                                                                      currency rates and commodity prices) as of the dates
                                                              changes in specific factors on the value of
                                                                                                                      and for the periods as indicated: (i) the daily VaRs as of
                                                              assets by calculating the corresponding
                                                                                                                      the end of the respective period; (ii) the averages of daily
                                                              sensitivity indicators.
                                                                                                                      VaRs during the respective period; and (iii) the highest and
                                                                                                                      lowest daily VaRs during the respective period.
                                                        •     Our Group has formulated a risk limit indicator
                                                              framework. Risk limit is a mean for controlling
                                                              risks and also represents the risk appetite and
                                                              risk tolerance of our Group. Our Group sets
                                                              appropriate market risk limits based on the
                                                              business nature, such as notional limit, VaR
                                                              limit, concentration limit, sensitivity limit, stress
                                                              test limit and stop-loss limit, etc.
       The Group



                                                                                                                                                                   2019 Annual Report
                                                                                  2019 (as of December 31)                     2018 (as of December 31)
                                                   December        December
       (RMB in million)                               31, 2019      31, 2018    Average       Highest        Lowest          Average     Highest      Lowest
       Equity prices   (1)
                                                          30.9          10.0       27.3          63.3               8.3         35.3         84.1           9.2
       Interest rates  (2)
                                                          36.6          54.1       53.2          63.9             35.4          34.9         59.1         22.7
       Currency rates((3)                                 33.9          13.0       32.0          43.0             10.5          17.1         26.1         10.9           87

       Commodity prices(4)                                  3.8          1.7         1.4            6.3             0.0          1.0          2.9           0.2
       Diversification effect                             (47.4)       (24.9)      (44.2)       (19.6)            (67.1)       (31.0)       (19.2)        (46.6)




                                                                                                                                                                   China International Capital Corporation Limited
       Total portfolio                                    57.9          54.0       69.7          98.1             50.7          57.4         94.7         31.9


       Notes:


       (1)      including equities and the price-sensitive portion of derivative products


       (2)      including fixed income products and the interest-rate sensitive portion of derivative products


       (3)      including financial products subject to exchange rate changes (including derivative products)


       (4)      including commodity and the price-sensitive portion of derivative products


       The chart below sets forth the VaRs by risk categories of the Group as of the end of each month over the past year:

VaR or VaR limit
(RMB in million)                                                     VaR Chart

 150                                                                                                                                                   100%


 120


  90
                                                                                                                                                       50%
  60


  30


   0                                                                                                                                                   0%
             19-01           19-02   19-03    19-04       19-05     19-06       19-07       19-08         19-09       19-10      19-11       19-12

                     Equity prices       Interest rates       Currency rates      Commodity                Total portfolio              Limit usage
                                                                                  prices
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                                                                                 Bond Investments


2019 Annual Report
                                                    During the Reporting Period, our Group conducted foreign
                                                    exchange risk management for offshore assets, measuring
                                                                                                                 Our Group emphasizes the diversification level of the fixed
                                                    risk exposures and monitoring risk limit utilizations on
                                                                                                                 income credit products and the credit products invested
                                                    a daily basis. The foreign exchange risk exposures were
                                                                                                                 are those predominantly with relatively high credit ratings.
                                                    managed by adjusting currency positions and using foreign
                                                                                                                 Our Group controls its market risk and credit risk exposures
                                                    exchange derivatives as hedging instruments.
                                                                                                                 by setting up limits on investment size, product types,
      88                                                                                                         credit ratings and concentrations, and closely monitors
                                                    During the Reporting Period, our Group closely monitored
                                                                                                                 and tracks bond issuers’ business performance and credit
                                                    domestic and overseas market conditions and business
                                                                                                                 profiles so as to constantly evaluate and warn any credit
                                                    risks. Coping with interest rate swings in both domestic




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                 deterioration.
                                                    and overseas markets, our Group hedged the interest rate
                                                    risk for the fixed-income portfolio by using treasury bond
                                                                                                                 During the Reporting Period when bond defaults were
                                                    futures, interest rate swaps, etc.
                                                                                                                 rising, FICC closely collaborated with the Risk Management
                                                                                                                 Department and identified, assessed, monitored and
                                                    Credit Risk
                                                                                                                 managed credit risk related to bond investments. As
                                                    Credit risk refers to the risk resulting from defaults or    a result, the Group avoided material losses during the
                                                    deterioration in creditworthiness of counterparties,         Reporting Period through effective risk management
                                                    financing parties and securities issuers.                    measures.


                                                                                                                         As of December 31, 2019 (RMB in million)
                                                    The Group                                                                Position             DV01       Spread DV01
                                                    Outside Mainland China(by international rating agencies)
                                                                                                           (1)


                                                    －AAA                                                                            0.0             0.00                  –
                                                    －AA- to AA+                                                                      –                 –                  –
                                                    －A- to A+                                                                 3,059.0               0.70               0.79
                                                    －below A-                                                                15,543.8               1.77               1.78
                                                    Sub-total                                                                18,602.8               2.47               2.57
                                                    Mainland China(by domestic rating agencies)(1)
                                                    －AAA                                                                     59,157.4             10.29                8.67
                                                    －AA- to AA+                                                               6,238.6               1.01               1.01
                                                    －A- to A+                                                                 1,016.9               0.07               0.07
                                                    －below A-                                                                     281.8             0.02               0.02
                                                    Sub-total                                                                66,964.6             11.40                9.78
                                                    －Non-rated   (2)
                                                                                                                              1,505.7               0.88                  –
                                                    －Non-rated   (3)
                                                                                                                             18,313.5               0.04               0.04
                                                    Total                                                                  105,116.7              14.79              12.38
Notes: The Risk Management Department uses DV01 and Spread DV01 to measure the interest rate sensitivity and credit spread sensitivity of bonds.




                                                                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report
       DV01 measures the change in the value of interest rate sensitive products for each parallel movement of one basis point in a market interest
       rate curve. Spread DV01 measures the change in the value of credit spread sensitive products for each parallel movement of one basis point
       in the credit spread.

       (1)    The Group refers the credit ratings of its debt securities to the credit ratings of the debt securities or the debt securities’ issuers from
              Bloomberg comprehensive ratings or the local major rating agencies.

       (2)    These non-rated financial assets mainly include government bonds, central bank bills and policy financial bonds.

       (3)    These non-rated financial assets are mainly other debt instruments and trading securities which are not rated by independent rating                  89
              agencies.

Capital Business




                                                                                                                                                             China International Capital Corporation Limited
For the credit risks of margin financing and securities lending business, stock-based lending business and other capital businesses,
our Group has established a comprehensive and robust risk control system, including the customers’ creditworthiness assessment,
collateral management, underlying securities management, risk limit management, margin ratio monitoring, mandatory liquidation,
etc. Our Group attaches considerable importance to customers’ on-boarding and has established and implemented a strict
customer selection and credit assessment mechanism, under which the branches are responsible for preliminary assessment of the
customers’ credit profile by collecting customers’ basic information, financial status, securities investment experience, credit record
and risk tolerance. The information of the customers that has passed the preliminary assessment will be submitted to the relevant
business departments at the headquarters for further review, which, if qualified, will then be submitted to the Risk Management
Department for formal approval, which will conduct an independent assessment of the customers’ qualifications, and determine
their credit ratings and credit limits.


During the Reporting Period, no significant losses were incurred in the Group’s margin financing and securities lending business
and stock-based lending business. Our Group primarily controlled the risks of margin financing and securities lending business and
stock-based lending business by the following measures:
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                    Margin Financing and Securities Lending                      Stock-based Lending Business


2019 Annual Report
                                                    Business
                                                                                                                 During the Reporting Period, our Group exercised
                                                    During the Reporting Period, our Group strictly controlled   strict control over the onboarding and approval of
                                                    the concentrations of single customer and single             the stock-based lending deals, and has taken effective
                                                    underlying security, closely monitored and assessed          risk control measures, including, but not limited to,
                                                    accounts with higher collateral concentration and riskier    strengthening deal risk assessment, evaluating the risks
      90                                            investment portfolio, timely communicated with the           by the customers’ creditworthiness and fundamentals of
                                                    customers and promptly took corresponding measures           the pledged securities (including the pledge ratio of the
                                                    to mitigate such risks; our Group attached considerable      large shareholder, pledge ratio of all shareholders, liquidity




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                    importance to collateral management and dynamically          and trading suspension records, shareholder structure,
                                                    adjusted the scope and haircuts of the collaterals; we       capital status of the controlling shareholder, potential
                                                    prudently reviewed and approved business extension by        delisting risk and negative news), carefully determining the
                                                    considering the following factors, i.e., the concentration   loan-to-value ratio, as well as exercising strict control over
                                                    and risk condition of the investment portfolio, and          the financing amount of the customers who are subject
                                                    the collateral ratio of the existing deal; our Group also    to shareholding reduction restriction; our Group strictly
                                                    conducted regular and irregular stress testing and closely   controlled single security concentration, established a
                                                    monitored customers with high risks.                         security blacklist mechanism, and managed the overall
                                                                                                                 exposure of a single security within the Group. In addition,
                                                                                                                 our Group strengthened the on-site due diligence
                                                                                                                 investigation, assessment and analysis of the pledged
                                                                                                                 securities and clients with large financing demand, and
                                                                                                                 raised the approval requirements to ensure risks were
                                                                                                                 managed at a controllable level.


                                                                                                                 Meanwhile, our Group closely monitored the risks of the
                                                                                                                 outstanding contracts, conducted regular and irregular
                                                                                                                 stress testing, and classified deals into different risk status
                                                                                                                 and kept track of the deals with potential high risks; we
                                                                                                                 maintained close monitoring and regular assessment of
                                                                                                                 the customers’ credit risk with large financing amount, and
                                                                                                                 maintained dynamic monitoring of the pledged securities,
                                                                                                                 continuously tracked the fundamentals and security
                                                                                                                 price fluctuations of large deals, and if any abnormal
                                                                                                                 circumstances identified on the pledged security, our
                                                                                                                 Group will ensure the risk precautions are in place, and
                                                                                                                 corresponding measures are taken promptly.
Margin Financing and Securities Lending Business


                                                                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report
The following table sets forth the balance of margin financing and securities lending, market value of collaterals, and collateral ratio
data of the margin financing and securities lending business of the Group:


                                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB in million


                                                                                                                       As of                      As of           91
Items                                                                                                December 31, 2019            December 31,2018
Amounts of margin financing and securities lending                                                                24,131.5                    17,747.1




                                                                                                                                                            China International Capital Corporation Limited
Market value of collaterals                                                                                       69,650.7                    41,865.7
Collateral ratio                                                                                                   288.6%                      235.9%


Note: The collateral ratio is calculated as the ratio of the client’s total account assets balance (including cash and securities held) to the client’s
      balance of margin loans and securities borrowed from our Group (i.e. the sum of margin loans extended, the securities sold short and any
      accrued interests and fees).

As of December 31, 2019, the collateral ratio of the margin financing and securities lending business of the Group was 288.6%.
Assuming that the market value of all securities as collaterals of the Group’s margin financing and securities lending business
declined by 10% and 20% respectively, and financing liabilities increased by 10% and 20% respectively, the collateral ratio of
the Group’s margin financing and securities lending business as of December 31, 2019, would have been 259.7% and 233.1%
respectively.


Stock-based Lending Business
The following table sets forth the lending amount, market value of collaterals, and collateral ratio data of the stock-based lending
business of the Group:


                                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB in million


                                                                                                                       As of                      As of
Items                                                                                                December 31,2019             December 31,2018
Amounts of stock-based lending                                                                                      7,712.5                   10,802.6
Market value of collaterals                                                                                       22,958.9                    24,413.1
Collateral ratio                                                                                                   297.7%                      226.0%


Note: The collateral ratio refers to the ratio of the total market value of the pledged collateral and its yields to the client’s total amount payable to
      our Group.
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                    Liquidity Risk


2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                                       requirements of different entities are met in a timely manner.
                                                                                                                       The size and composition of the liquidity reserves are
                                                    Liquidity risk refers to the risks arising from our Group’s
                                                                                                                       actively managed by our Group based on the consideration
                                                    inability to obtain sufficient funds at reasonable costs in
                                                                                                                       of factors including, but not limited to, funding maturity
                                                    a timely manner to settle debts due, fulfill other payment
                                                                                                                       profile, balance sheet size and composition, business and
                                                    obligations, and satisfy the funding needs in conducting
                                                                                                                       operational capital requirements, stress test results, and
                                                    normal business operations.
                                                                                                                       regulatory requirements. Our Group strictly limits the
      92
                                                                                                                       liquidity reserves to high-quality liquid assets (including cash
                                                    Our Group implements vertical and centralized
                                                                                                                       and cash equivalents, interest rate bonds and money market
                                                    management on liquidity risks of all domestic and overseas
                                                                                                                       funds) and sets risk limits.




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                    branches and subsidiaries. Our Group has adopted the
                                                    following measures to manage liquidity risk:
                                                                                                                       Our Group constantly broadens and diversifies its funding
                                                                                                                       channels to optimize the liability structure. The funding
                                                    ➢     Closely monitoring balance sheets of our Group and
                                                                                                                       instruments of our Group include corporate bonds,
                                                          its branches and subsidiaries, and managing liquidity
                                                                                                                       medium term note program, syndication loan, short-term
                                                          gaps between assets and liabilities;
                                                                                                                       commercial papers, beneficiary certificates, income right
                                                                                                                       transfer, inter-bank borrowing, REPOs, etc. Our Group
                                                    ➢     Setting liquidity risk limits based on our Group’s
                                                                                                                       maintains good relationship with major commercial
                                                          overall situation and regulatory requirement;
                                                                                                                       banks and had sufficient bank credit to meet the funding
                                                                                                                       requirement for business development. In 2019, as
                                                    ➢     Conducting cash flow forecast and liquidity risk
                                                                                                                       assessed by China Chengxin Securities Rating Co., Ltd (中誠
                                                          stress test on a regular and irregular basis to analyze
                                                                                                                       信證券評估有限公司) and China Chengxin International
                                                          and assess our liquidity risk exposure;
                                                                                                                       Credit Rating Company Limited (中誠信國際信用評級
                                                                                                                       有限責任公司), the credit rating of our Company was
                                                    ➢     Maintaining adequate high-quality liquid assets and
                                                                                                                       AAA and the rating outlook was stable. As of the Latest
                                                          establishing liquidity contingency plan for potential
                                                                                                                       Practicable Date, as assessed by Standard & Poor’s, the
                                                          liquidity emergencies.
                                                                                                                       long-term rating of the Group was BBB, the short-term
                                                                                                                       rating was A-2 and the rating outlook is stable. As assessed
                                                    In order to withstand the potential liquidity risk and satisfy
                                                                                                                       by Moody’s, the long-term rating of the Group was Baa1,
                                                    the short-term liquidity needs, our Group constantly holds
                                                                                                                       the short-term rating was P-2 and the rating outlook was
                                                    sufficient unsecured and high-quality liquid assets as its
                                                                                                                       stable. As assessed by Fitch, the long-term rating of the
                                                    liquidity reserves. The liquidity reserves are held by the
                                                                                                                       Group was BBB+, the short-term rating was F2 and the
                                                    Treasury Department and are managed independently
                                                                                                                       rating outlook was stable.
                                                    from business departments. Our Group manages the
                                                    liquidity reserves of all branches and subsidiaries vertically
                                                                                                                       During the Reporting Period, there was no substantial
                                                    to ensure the allocation efficiency of the liquidity reserves.
                                                                                                                       change in terms of substance and type of liquidity
                                                    Meanwhile, due to the liquidity transfer restrictions between
                                                                                                                       risks exposed to our Group. Our Group’s liquidity risk
                                                    entities and regions, the liquidity reserves are held in various
                                                                                                                       management was sound, the liquid reserve was sufficient,
                                                    currencies and maintained within the Company and its
                                                                                                                       and the liquidity risk was under control.
                                                    major operating subsidiaries, ensuring that the liquidity
                                                                                                                                   2019 Annual Report
During the Reporting Period, the regulatory liquidity risk       ➢       Clarifying the communicating, reporting and
management indicator of our Company continued to                         processing mechanisms for operational risk
comply with the regulatory requirements. As of December                  information;
31, 2019, the liquidity coverage ratio and the net stable
funding ratio of our Company were 251.9% and 128.8%,             ➢       Establishing a business continuity plan to ensure
respectively.                                                            business continuity in the event of sudden business
                                                                         disruptions.
                                                                                                                                         93
Operational Risk
                                                                 During the Reporting Period, there was no substantial
Operational risk refers to the risks of losses resulting from
                                                                 change in nature and extent of operational risks exposed




                                                                                                                                   China International Capital Corporation Limited
failed or defective internal procedures or IT systems, human
                                                                 to our Group. Our Group continued to strengthen
factors and external events. Operational risk can occur in all
                                                                 the operational risk management by enhancing IT
business operations and daily operations of the Company,
                                                                 systems and streamlining business procedures. Through
which may eventually lead to other risks such as legal risk,
                                                                 developing business-related IT systems and optimizing
compliance risk and reputational risk.
                                                                 and standardizing business procedures, our Group further
                                                                 improved the operation efficiency and reduced operational
Our Group has adopted the following measures to manage
                                                                 risk.
operational risk:

                                                                 IT Risk
➢     Cultivating the operational risk consciousness of all
      staffs and strengthening employees’ attention to           IT risk refers to the operational, legal and reputational risks
      operational risks in business processes;                   arising from natural disasters, human factors, technology
                                                                 vulnerabilities and management deficiencies in the course
➢     Establishing a transparent organizational structure        of carrying out business activities or providing services by
      with a proper decision-making mechanism and                means of information technology.
      defining the responsibilities of the management and
      control of business processes;                             The Group has adopted the following measures to control
                                                                 and prevent IT risks:
➢     Implementing checks and balances and mature
      business and internal control policies and procedures      ➢       Establishing an effective IT governance framework
      and executing them in a strict way;                                to keep information technology consistent with
                                                                         business goals; conducting IT risk assessment to
➢     Conducting risk pre-assessment and follow-up                       identify potential risks in information technology,
      review on new business and new products;                           and implementing risk prevention measures;


➢     Applying operational risk loss data collection, risk and   ➢       Formulating and implementing information security
      control self-assessment, and key risk indicators to                plan, monitoring information security threats, and
      identify, assess, monitor, and respond to operational              establishing information security management
      risks;                                                             system;
                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




2019 Annual Report
                                                    ➢     Ensuring the reliability, integrity, availability and   ➢     Our Group controls the circulation of sensitive
                                                          maintainability of information system through the             information by monitoring information flows and
                                                          management process of initialization, approval and            establishing dynamic information barrier walls,
                                                          control of IT projects;                                       with the aim to prevent risks of insider trading and
                                                                                                                        manage conflicts of interest;
                                                    ➢     Establishing a data governance framework to ensure
                                                          unified management, sustainable controllability and     ➢     Our Group has established a sound internal
      94
                                                          storage safety of data;                                       control system for anti-money laundering to fulfill
                                                                                                                        our responsibilities for client identification and
                                                    ➢     Establishing an effective process to manage                   classification of client risk level. We identify and




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                          problems, which can track, respond to, analyze                analyze suspicious transactions and promptly report
                                                          and deal with problems of information system and              to the regulators where necessary;
                                                          emergencies of information technology;
                                                                                                                  ➢     Our Group undertakes compliance reviews in
                                                    ➢     Establishing an IT emergency management system,               accordance with applicable laws and regulations,
                                                          formulating an emergency plan, carrying out                   other regulatory documents, self-regulatory rules,
                                                          emergency drills, and evaluating and improving IT             industry norms and our internal policies, to monitor
                                                          emergency management process, to ensure that                  the compliance of our business operations and
                                                          the system can support the Company’s business                 employee activities and identify and manage
                                                          operations in a continuous and steady manner.                 compliance risks in a proactive manner;


                                                    Compliance Risk                                               ➢     Our Group adopts various means to cultivate
                                                                                                                        a compliance culture with each business line,
                                                    Compliance risk refers to the risk of legal sanctions,
                                                                                                                        functional department and branch and provide
                                                    regulatory actions, loss of property or damage to our
                                                                                                                        compliance training to our employees to improve
                                                    reputation because of the violation of laws, regulations,
                                                                                                                        their compliance awareness;
                                                    industry self-regulatory rules or our internal policies
                                                    arising from our operations and management activities or
                                                                                                                  ➢     Our Group has established an internal accountability
                                                    employee behavior.
                                                                                                                        system in respect of employees’ violations of laws
                                                                                                                        and regulations and internal policies to impose
                                                    Our Group has mainly adopted the following measures to
                                                                                                                        applicable punishments on offenders.
                                                    manage and prevent compliance risk:

                                                                                                                  During the Reporting Period, there was no substantial
                                                    ➢     Our Group formulates and updates our compliance
                                                                                                                  change in nature and extent of compliance risks exposed
                                                          policies and procedures in accordance with changes
                                                                                                                  to our Group.
                                                          in laws, regulations and industry norms;

                                                                                                                  Legal Risk
                                                    ➢     Our Group conducts compliance reviews for new
                                                          businesses. Our professional compliance team is         Legal risk refers to the possible risk of economic loss or
                                                          responsible for examining new businesses and            damage to our Group’s reputation resulting from breach of
                                                          providing compliance advice. We implement               contracts, infringement-related disputes, litigation or other
                                                          effective compliance risk management measures at        legal disputes.
                                                          an early stage of new businesses;
                                                                                                                                2019 Annual Report
Our Group manages, controls and prevents legal risks           Our Group has mainly adopted the following measures to
mainly through the following measures:                         manage and prevent reputational risk:


➢     Our Group continuously enhances our internal             ➢     All business departments take measures to prevent
      policies and business procedures from a legal                  and control reputational risks across important business
      perspective to ensure that our operations and                  activities and processes, and strictly follow “Know
      management satisfy the requirements of applicable              your Customers (KYC)” principle, enhance project due
                                                                                                                                      95
      laws and regulations;                                          diligence and quality control, as well as timely prevent
                                                                     and deal with potential reputational risk;
➢     Our Group formulates templates for various business




                                                                                                                                China International Capital Corporation Limited
      contracts and requires our business departments to use   ➢     Reinforcing the firmwide culture of risk awareness
      our in-house templates to the fullest extent. We also          for all employees and enhancing the professional
      review contracts drafted or provided by counterparties         ethics of employees through policy making and
      prior to entering into such contracts to mitigate the          employee training; and any employee who causes a
      legal risk associated with performing such contracts;          significant reputational loss to our Group due to any
                                                                     misconduct or improper behavior will be subject to
➢     Our Group conducts legal training to enhance our               disciplinary actions;
      employees’ legal awareness;
                                                               ➢     The Public Relations Department manages the
➢     The application, maintenance and protection of our             overall reputational risk of our Group by public
      trademarks, protection of our goodwill and trade               opinion monitoring, media communications, media
      secrets and taking actions against behaviors that              management, and takes proper actions to intervene
      harms our reputation or interests;                             in a timely manner according to the severity of
                                                                     events, and releases or communicates with media
➢     Our Group takes active measures to mitigate legal              the correct information and stance related to our
      risks when disputes and litigation arise.                      Group, so as to lead correct and objective public
                                                                     opinion and further prevent the spread of inaccurate
During the Reporting Period, there was no material change            and false information in public environment.
in the nature and extent of legal risks of our Group or in
our ability to respond to legal risks.


Reputational Risk
Reputational risk refers to the risk of negative comments
on our Group caused by our Group’s operational activities,
business management and other actions as well as
external events. Reputational risk can occur in all business
areas and activities, and our Group assesses and manages
reputational risk across all areas such as operation
management, business activities and employee behaviors.
Directors’ Report


Directors’
Report
Directors’ Report
                                                  Directors’ Report


                                                  I.    PRINCIPAL BUSINESSES OF OUR COMPANY


2019 Annual Report
                                                        The principal businesses of our Company are Investment Banking, Equities, FICC, Investment Management, Wealth Management,
                                                        Research and relevant financial services. The business operations and prospects of our Company and risks possibly faced by our
                                                        Company in our business activities are respectively set out in “Management Discussion and Analysis – III. Analysis of Principal
                                                        Business” and “Management Discussion and Analysis – VI. Risk Management” of this report. Particulars of significant events affecting
                                                        our Company are set out in “Other Significant Events” of this report. The key financial indicators of our Company are set out in
      98                                                “Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators” and “Independent Auditor’s Report and Notes to the Consolidated Financial
                                                        Statements” of this report.


                                                  II.   PROFIT DISTRIBUTION PLAN




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                        1.      According to the Company Law, the Securities Law and other laws and regulations and the Articles of Association, the 2019
                                                                profit distribution plan of the Company is proposed as follows:


                                                                At the beginning of 2019, the Company’s undistributed profits amounted to RMB2,248 million. In addition, the Company
                                                                realized net profits of RMB2,041 million for 2019. After deducting the 2018 dividends allocated to the shareholders in 2019
                                                                of RMB671 million and the profits allocated to holders of other equity instruments of RMB57 million in 2019, and before
                                                                appropriating the statutory surplus reserves, general risk reserves and trading risk reserves, the profits available for distribution
                                                                of the Company at the end of 2019 amounted to RMB3,561 million.


                                                                In accordance with the provisions under the relevant laws and regulations and the Articles of Association, the Company will
                                                                distribute its net profit for 2019 in the following order:


                                                                (1)   RMB204 million, or 10% of the net profit of the Company in 2019, is to be appropriated to the statutory surplus reserve
                                                                      (the accumulated amount of the statutory surplus reserves of the Company will account for 16.9% of the registered
                                                                      capital of the Company after this contribution);


                                                                (2)   RMB207 million, or 10% of the net profit, 2.5% of the custodian fee income for mutual funds and 10% of collective
                                                                      asset management fee income of the Company in 2019, is to be appropriated to the general risk reserves;


                                                                (3)   RMB204 million, or 10% of the net profit of the Company in 2019, is to be appropriated to the trading risk reserves.


                                                                The total contribution of the three items above is RMB615 million.


                                                                After deducting of the three items above, the profits available for distribution of the Company at the end of 2019 is RMB2,946
                                                                million.

                                                        Note:

                                                        Certain amounts and percentage figures included in this report have been subject to rounding. Accordingly, the arithmetic sum shown may not
                                                        be the total of the figures preceding them. Any discrepancies between the arithmetic sum shown and the total of the amounts listed are due to
                                                        rounding.
                                                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report
   2.    The Company proposes to apply for the initial public offering of the RMB ordinary shares (A shares) and listing on the
         Shanghai Stock Exchange (the “A Share Offering and Listing”). According to Article 18 of the Measures for the Administration
         of the Offering and Underwriting of Securities and requirements set out in relevant regulatory Q&As issued by the CSRC,
         companies which plan to issue securities onshore but have not submitted profit distribution plans and plans for converting
         reserve into share capital to the general meeting for voting, or have obtained approval from the general meeting but have
         not implemented such plans, shall not issue securities until such plans are executed. Taking into account of the capital
         demands of the current business and future development of the Company and the interests of shareholders, the Company
                                                                                                                                               99
         does not recommend any distribution of final dividends for 2019 and the capital reserves shall not be transferred to equity
         shares. The outstanding balance of the undistributed profits shall be retained by the Company. To ensure a reasonable
         return on investment and implement a sustained and stable profit distribution policy, the Company will consider the profit




                                                                                                                                         China International Capital Corporation Limited
         distribution timely in light of the A Share Offering and Listing and will seek separate approval by the meeting of Board of
         Directors and the shareholders’ general meeting.


   The above profit distribution plan has been considered and approved by the Board of Directors on March 30, 2020, and shall be
   submitted to the annual general meeting of the Company for consideration. The Company will, in due course, announce the
   date of the 2019 annual general meeting and will give notice on the closure of its register of members to determine Shareholders
   eligible to attend and vote at the 2019 annual general meeting.


III. ISSUANCE OF SHARES AND UTILIZATION OF PROCEEDS
   On October 24, 2019, the Company has successfully allotted and issued an aggregate of 176,000,000 new H Shares at the
   Placing Price of HK$14.40 per Placing Share to no fewer than six professional, institutional and/or individual investors which are
   not connected parties or connected persons of the Company. The Placing Shares represent approximately 9.245% and 4.029%,
   respectively, of the total issued H Shares and the total issued Shares of the Company as enlarged by the allotment and issue of
   the Placing Shares. The aggregate gross proceeds from the Placing are approximately HK$2,534.40 million and the aggregate
   net proceeds from the Placing are approximately HK$2,502.14 million after deducting the expenses of the Placing. For details,
   please refer to “Management Discussion and Analysis – V. Significant Investment and Financing Activities of Our Group – (ii) Equity
   Financing” in this report.


IV. ISSUANCE OF BONDS
   In 2019, the Group completed the issuance of 8 tranches of corporate bonds and one tranche of financial bond with total amount
   of RMB18,500 million. The funds raised were used to replenish the working capital and repay direct debt financing instruments that
   were due or redeemed. For details, please refer to “Management Discussion and Analysis – V. Significant Investment and Financing
   Activities of Our Group – (iii) Debt Financing” in this report.
                                                  Directors’ Report




                                                  V. DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS


2019 Annual Report
                                                     Each of the Directors and Supervisors has entered into a service contract with our Company. The Directors or Supervisors may be
                                                     re-elected upon expiry of their term of office, upon the approval by the shareholders’ general meeting (but the independent non-
                                                     executive Directors shall not remain in office for over six years even if re-elected).


                                                     In addition, none of the Directors or Supervisors have entered into service contracts with our Company or any of its subsidiaries
100                                                  which cannot be terminated within one year without compensation (other than statutory compensation).


                                                  VI. PERMITTED INDEMNITY




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                     Our Company has maintained liability insurance policies for its Directors, Supervisors and senior management. All policies are
                                                     underwritten by domestic and overseas renowned insurance companies, and our Company regularly reviews the policies.


                                                  VII. DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INTEREST IN CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
                                                     No contracts of significance to which our Company or its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or Supervisor of our
                                                     Company had a material interest, directly or indirectly, has been entered into during the Reporting Period.


                                                  VIII. DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN BUSINESSES THAT COMPETE WITH THE BUSINESSES OF
                                                        OUR COMPANY
                                                     Save as disclosed in the “Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees – II. Biographies of Directors, Supervisors and
                                                     Senior Management” of this report, none of the Directors has any disclosable interests in any business competing against the
                                                     businesses of our Company.


                                                  IX. RIGHTS OF DIRECTORS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
                                                     As of December 31, 2019, none of the Directors, Supervisors or their respective spouses or minor children under the age of 18 years
                                                     were granted with rights, or had exercised any such rights, to acquire benefits by means of purchasing Shares or debentures of our
                                                     Company. Neither our Company nor any of its subsidiaries were a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors, Supervisors or
                                                     their respective spouses or minor children under the age of 18 years to acquire such rights from any other body corporates.


                                                  X. MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
                                                     Save for employment contracts with employees, our Company did not enter into any contracts nor had any existing contracts in
                                                     respect of all or any significant part of management and administration of business of our Company during the Reporting Period.


                                                  XI. OTHER DISCLOSURES
                                                     (i)   Pre-emptive Rights
                                                           Our Company currently has no arrangements in respect of pre-emptive rights according to the provisions under the PRC
                                                           laws and the Articles of Association.
(ii) Reasons for and Impact from Changes of Accounting Policies, Accounting Estimates or


                                                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report
     Correction of Major Accounting Errors
    For details of the changes in accounting policies, please refer to “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements –
    2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSS”).”


(iii) Tax Relief and Exemption Information for Holders of H Shares
                                                                                                                                        101
    The holders of H Shares of our Company shall pay relevant tax and/or enjoy tax relief and exemption in accordance with the
    following provisions:




                                                                                                                                        China International Capital Corporation Limited
    According to the Individual Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China (            ) and its
                                                                                《中華人民共和國個人所得稅法》
    implementation rules, dividends paid to individuals by PRC companies are generally subject to an individual income tax
    levied at a flat rate of 20%. For an individual who has no domicile in the PRC and is not resident in the territory of the PRC or
    who has no domicile in the PRC and has been resident in the territory of the PRC for less than 183 days cumulatively within
    a tax year, his/her receipt of dividends from a PRC company is normally subject to a PRC withholding tax of 20% unless
    specifically exempted or reduced by an applicable tax treaty and other tax laws and regulations.


    Pursuant to the Notice of the State Administration of Taxation on Issues Concerning Withholding the Enterprise Income Tax
    on Dividends Paid by Chinese Resident Enterprises to Holders of H Shares who are Overseas Non-resident Enterprises (Guo
    Shui Han [2008] No. 897) (《關於中國居民企業向境外H股非居民企業股東派發股息代扣代繳企業所得稅有關問題的
    通知》(國稅函[2008]897號)), a PRC resident enterprise, when distributing dividends for 2008 and for the years afterwards to
    holders of H Shares who are overseas non-resident enterprises, shall withhold the enterprise income tax at a flat rate of 10%.
    A non-PRC resident enterprise which is entitled to a preferential tax rate under an applicable tax treaty or arrangement may,
    directly or through its agent, apply to the competent tax authorities for a refund of the excess amount of tax withheld.


    Pursuant to the Notice on Taxation Policies concerning the Pilot Program of an Interconnection Mechanism for Transactions
    in the Shanghai and Hong Kong Stock Markets (Cai Shui [2014] No.81) (《關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試
    點有關稅收政策的通知》(財稅[2014]81號)) and the Notice on Taxation Policies concerning the Pilot Program of an
    Interconnection Mechanism for Transactions in the Shenzhen and Hong Kong Stock Markets (Cai Shui [2016] No.127) (《關
    於深港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》(財稅[2016]127號)) jointly promulgated by the Ministry
    of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, for dividends derived by Mainland individual investors from
    investing in H Shares listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange through Shanghai Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen
    Hong Kong Stock Connect, H-share companies shall withhold individual income tax at a tax rate of 20% for the investors.
    For mainland securities investment funds investing in shares listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange through Shanghai Hong
    Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen Hong Kong Stock Connect, the above rules also apply and individual income tax shall be
    levied on dividends derived therefrom. Dividends derived by mainland enterprise investors from investing in shares listed on
    Hong Kong Stock Exchange through Shanghai Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen Hong Kong Stock Connect shall be
    reported and paid by the enterprise investors themselves. H-share companies will not withhold or pay enterprise income tax
    on their behalf in the distribution of dividends. For dividends derived by mainland resident enterprises where the relevant H
    shares have been continuously held for more than 12 months, the enterprise income tax thereon may be exempt according
    to the tax law.
                                                  Directors’ Report




                                                     (iv) Reserves and Distributable Reserves


2019 Annual Report
                                                         For the movement of distributable profit, please refer to the “Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity” and the “Notes
                                                         to the Consolidated Financial Statements” of this report.


                                                     (v) Major Clients and Suppliers
                                                         We have a high-quality and diversified client base (primarily consisting of industry-leading corporations, institutional
102
                                                         investors and high-net-worth individuals). We develop and maintain long-term cooperation with clients and are dedicated
                                                         to providing them with a comprehensive suite of products and services. We have won our clients’ loyalty through our deep
                                                         engagement and our thorough knowledge and understanding of their businesses. Our clients always entrust us to handle




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                         their strategically important and structurally sophisticated transactions.


                                                         The Group’s customer base is diversified and no customer had transactions which exceeded 10% of the Group’s revenue for
                                                         the year.


                                                         By virtue of the nature of our business, we have no major suppliers.
Other Significant Events


I.    MATERIAL LITIGATION AND ARBITRATION


                                                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report
      During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have any material litigation or arbitration.


II.   MATERIAL CONTRACTS AND EXECUTION
      During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have any material custody, contracting or lease arrangements, nor were there such
      arrangements carried forward to the Reporting Period from the previous period.
                                                                                                                                            103

III. CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS




                                                                                                                                            China International Capital Corporation Limited
      The Group conducts connected transactions in strict compliance with the Listing Rules, the Policy on Information Disclosure
      Management of China International Capital Corporation Limited and the Policy on Management of Connected Transactions of
      China International Capital Corporation Limited. The Group’s connected transactions are conducted based on the principles of
      equity, openness and fairness, and the connected transaction agreements are entered into based on the principles of equality,
      voluntariness, equivalence and compensation. During the Reporting Period, the Group did not conduct any non-exempt
      connected transactions or continuing connected transactions in accordance with the Listing Rules.


      For the year ended December 31, 2019, no related party transactions as set out in “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      – 54 Related Party Relationships and Transactions” constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions
      required to be disclosed under the Listing Rules.


IV. MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
      The Company entered into a shareholders’ agreement with Tencent Digital, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Tencent
      Holdings on September 24, 2019, pursuant to which the parties agreed to establish a technological joint venture in the PRC. The
      technological joint venture is proposed to, through providing technological platform development and digitalized operational
      support services, facilitate the Company’s wealth management, retail brokerage and other businesses to provide more convenient,
      intelligent and differentiated wealth management solutions, enhance the service efficiency of investment consultants, optimize
      precision marketing and strengthen compliance and risk control. The technological joint venture is expected to drive the
      accelerated transformation and scalable development of the Company’s wealth management business with digital and fintech
      capabilities. In the future, the technological joint venture may extend its services to other financial institutions. The proposed
      registered capital of the technological joint venture will be RMB500 million. The ownership of the joint venture will be held 51%
      by the Company and 49% by Tencent Digital. For more information, please refer to the Announcement of Inside Information
      regarding Proposed Formation of a Technological Joint Venture issued by the Company on September 24, 2019.


      Save as disclosed above, the Group did not have other material acquisitions, disposals, swaps and asset reorganizations relating to
      its subsidiaries, associates, joint operations or joint ventures during the Reporting Period.


V. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS
      During the Reporting Period and up to the Latest Practicable Date, our Group had complied with the laws and regulations and
      regulatory requirements of the places where our Group operates in all material respects. None of our Group and the Directors,
      Supervisors and senior management of our Company were subject to any investigation initiated or administrative penalties
      imposed by the CSRC, banned from entering the market, identified as inappropriate candidates, publicly condemned by stock
      exchanges, subject to mandatory measures, transferred to judicial organs or held criminally responsible.
                                                  Other Significant Events




                                                  VI. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS


2019 Annual Report
                                                     For detailed information of the Group’s issuance and redemption of debt securities and information of changes in Shares in 2020
                                                     and up to the date of approving the Group’s financial statements, please refer to “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements –
                                                     62 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS”.


                                                  VII. TALENT MANAGEMENT MECHANISM
104
                                                     Since the Company’s implementation of the Participating Managing Director Program (the “PMD” Program) in 2018, during the
                                                     Reporting Period, the Company has held several PMD meetings to discuss major issues on business development, institutional
                                                     building and cultivation talent team. The CICC Institute also launched the first MD training course through PMD to provide a series




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                     of diversified internal and external courses for the directors and the general manager, thus assisting their continuous development
                                                     and growth and passing on cultures of the Company.
Changes in Shares and Information
of Substantial Shareholders



                                                                                                                                                      2019 Annual Report
As of December 31, 2019, the share capital structure of our Company is as follows:


                                                                                                           Approximate             Approximate
                                                                                                          percentage of           percentage of
                                                                                                   shareholding in the shareholding in the
                                                                                                  total share capital of       relevant class of
Name of shareholders                                       Number and class of securities                 our Company                     shares
                                                                                                                                                      105
Huijin                                                       1,936,155,680 Domestic Shares                       44.319%                 78.547%
Jianyin Investment                                                  911,600 Domestic Shares                       0.021%                  0.037%
JIC Investment                                                      911,600 Domestic Shares                       0.021%                  0.037%




                                                                                                                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited
China Investment Consulting                                         911,600 Domestic Shares                       0.021%                  0.037%
Haier Group (Qingdao) Financial Holdings Ltd.                  398,500,000 Domestic Shares                        9.122%                 16.167%
I&G                                                            127,562,960 Domestic Shares                        2.920%                  5.175%
Tencent Mobility Limited                                                216,249,059 H Shares                      4.950%                 11.359%
Des Voeux Investment Company Limited                                    202,844,235 H Shares                      4.643%                 10.655%
Mingly                                                                  122,559,265 H Shares                      2.805%                  6.438%
Public shareholders of H Shares                                       1,362,061,869 H Shares                     31.178%                 71.548%


I.       CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL
         On October 24, 2019, the Company has successfully allotted and issued an aggregate of 176,000,000 new H Shares at the Placing
         Price of HK$14.40 per Placing Share to no fewer than six professional, institutional and/or individual investors which are not
         connected parties or connected persons (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company, and accordingly, the total issued H
         Shares and the total issued Shares of the Company increased to 1,903,714,428 and 4,368,667,868 Shares, respectively.


         As at the end of the Reporting Period, the total issued Shares of our Company was 4,368,667,868 Shares, of which, 2,464,953,440
         were Domestic Shares and 1,903,714,428 were H Shares. Please refer to “Management Discussion and Analysis – V. Significant
         Investment and Financing Activities of Our Group – (ii) Equity Financing” of this report for details.


II.      SHAREHOLDERS
         As of December 31, 2019, our Company had 6 holders of Domestic Shares and 438 registered holders of H Shares.


         As of December 31, 2019, Huijin was interested in approximately 44.38% of the total capital of our Company directly and indirectly.


         Huijin is a state-owned investment company established in accordance with the PRC Company Law. Headquartered in Beijing,
         Huijin was established in December 2003 and mandated to exercise the rights and the obligations as a contributor in major
         state-owned financial enterprises on behalf of the PRC Government. In September 2007, the Ministry of Finance issued special
         treasury bonds and acquired all the shares of Huijin from the PBOC. The acquired shares were injected into China Investment
         Corporation (“CIC”) as part of its initial capital contribution. However, Huijin’s principal shareholder rights are exercised by the State
         Council. The members of the Board of Directors and Supervisory Committee of Huijin are appointed by and are accountable to
         the State Council. In accordance with authorization by the State Council, Huijin makes equity investments in major state-owned
         financial enterprises, and shall, to the extent of its capital contribution, exercise the rights and perform the obligations as a
         contributor on behalf of the PRC Government in accordance with applicable laws, so as to achieve the goal of preserving and
         enhancing the value of state-owned financial assets. Huijin does not conduct any other business or commercial activity and does
         not intervene in the day-to-day business operations of the enterprises in which it invests.
                                                  Changes in Shares and Information of
                                                  Substantial Shareholders



                                                  III. DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS


2019 Annual Report
                                                     Directors’, Supervisors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in the Shares,
                                                     Underlying Shares and Debentures of our Company and Its Associated Corporations
                                                     As of December 31, 2019, the interests or short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and chief executive of our Company in the
                                                     shares, underlying shares or debentures of our Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
                                                     SFO) as recorded in the register required to be kept by our Company under section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to our
106
                                                     Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules were as
                                                     follows:




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                                                    Approximate
                                                                                                                                                   percentage of       Approximate
                                                     Name of                                                                        Number of shareholding in         percentage of
                                                     Director/                                                                      Securities/   the total share shareholding in
                                                     Supervisor/                                                                       Type of          capital of      the relevant
                                                     Chief Executive             Class of Shares   Capacity                        shares held     our Company       class of shares
                                                     Cha Mou Daid Johnson        H Shares          Beneficial owner                  1,260,400/            0.029%            0.066%
                                                                                                                                Long positions
                                                                                                   Beneficiary of                  122,559,265/            2.805%            6.438%
                                                                                                      discretionary             Long positions
                                                                                                      trust (Note 1)
                                                                                                   Beneficiary of                    7,300,000/            0.167%            0.383%
                                                                                                      discretionary trust       Long positions
                                                                                                      and others (Note 2)
                                                     David Bonderman             H Shares          Interest of controlled           42,937,429/            0.983%            2.255%
                                                                                                      corporation (Note 3)      Long positions
                                                     Liu Haifeng David           H Shares          Founder of                          636,400/            0.015%            0.033%
                                                                                                      a discretionary           Long positions
                                                                                                      trust (Note 4)
                                                                                                   Interest of controlled              779,600/            0.018%            0.041%
                                                                                                      corporation (Note 5)      Long positions
                                                     Bi Mingjian                 H Shares          Beneficiary of                    2,252,515/            0.052%            0.118%
                                                                                                      a trust (Note 6)          Long positions
                                                     Edwin Roca Lim              H Shares          Beneficial owner                    356,000/            0.008%            0.019%
                                                                                                                                Long positions
                                                     Siu Wai Keung               H Shares          Beneficial owner                    100,000/            0.002%            0.005%
                                                                                                                                Long positions
                                                     Huang Zhaohui               H Shares          Others (Note 7)                   6,710,726/            0.154%            0.353%
                                                                                                                                Long positions
Notes:




                                                                                                                                                              2019 Annual Report
(1)      The interests deemed to be held by Mr. Cha Mou Daid Johnson consist of 122,559,265 H Shares held by Mingly. Mingly is held by certain
         discretionary trusts as to 96.12% equity interests as at December 31, 2019, of which CCM Trust (Cayman) Limited, LBJ Regents Limited and
         Dolios Limited are the corporate trustees, and Mr. Cha Mou Daid Johnson is among the members of the class of discretionary beneficiaries.

(2)      The interests deemed to be held by Mr. Cha Mou Daid Johnson consist of 7,300,000 H Shares held by CMC Master Offshore Fund, L.P..
         Each of CMC Master Fund, L.P. (as the sole limited partner of CMC Master Offshore Fund, L.P.), Cagen Holdings Limited (as limited partner
         which holds 51.10% interest in CMC Master Fund, L.P.), CMC Master Fund Partners, LLC (as general partner of CMC Master Fund, L.P.),
         Century Advantage Limited (as the sole member of CMC Master Fund Partners, LLC), CCM Trust (Cayman) Limited (as the sole member of                   107
         Century Advantage Limited and Cagen Holdings Limited) and Mr. Cha Mou Daid Johnson (who is one of the discretionary beneficiaries of a
         discretionary trust of which CCM Trust (Cayman) Limited is the trustee, and given Century Advantage Limited is accustomed to act on Mr.
         Cha Mou Daid Johnson’s direction) is deemed to be interested in the H Shares held by CMC Master Offshore Fund, L.P. under the SFO.




                                                                                                                                                              China International Capital Corporation Limited
(3)      The interests deemed to be held by Mr. David Bonderman consists of 42,937,429 H Shares held by TPG. Each of TPG Asia GenPar V, L.P.
         (as general partner of TPG), TPG Asia GenPar V Advisors, Inc. (as general partner of TPG Asia GenPar V, L.P.), TPG Holdings I, L.P. (as the sole
         member of TPG Asia GenPar V Advisors, Inc.), TPG Holdings I-A, LLC (as general partner of TPG Holdings I, L.P.), TPG Group Holdings (SBS), L.P.
         (as the sole member of TPG Holdings I-A, LLC and the sole member of TPG Holdings II-A, LLC), TPG Group Holdings (SBS) Advisors, LLC (as
         general partner of TPG Group Holdings (SBS), L.P.), TPG Group Holdings (SBS) Advisors, Inc. (as the sole member of TPG Group Holdings (SBS),
         Advisors, LLC), Mr. David Bonderman and Mr. James Coulter (each holds a 50% interest in TPG Group Holdings (SBS) Advisors, Inc.), as well
         as TPG Capital Management, L.P. (as the registered investment adviser to TPG), TPG Capital Advisors, LLC (as the sole member of TPG Capital
         Management, LLC, which is the general partner of TPG Capital Management, L.P.), TPG Holdings II Sub, L.P. (as the sole member of TPG
         Capital Advisors, LLC), TPG Holdings II, L.P. (as general partner of TPG Holdings II Sub, L.P.), TPG Holdings II-A, LLC (as general partner of TPG
         Holdings II, L.P.), is deemed to be interested in the H Shares held by TPG under the SFO. Mr. Bonderman and Mr. Coulter disclaim beneficial
         ownership of the securities held by TPG.

(4)      Mr. Liu Haifeng David is interested in 636,400 H Shares through a discretionary trust, The Liu Family Legacy Trust, of which he is the founder.

(5)      New Trace Limited is wholly-owned by Mr. Liu Haifeng David. Therefore, Mr. Liu Haifeng David is deemed to be interested in 779,600 H
         Shares held by New Trace Limited for the purpose of the SFO.

(6)      Mr. Bi Mingjian holds interests through COFCO Trust Co., Ltd. Qiyuan No.2 Collective Fund Trust Scheme, the trust scheme established by
         COFCO Trust Co., Ltd.

(7)      Mr. Huang Zhaohui indirectly held the interests through subscription of fund and asset management scheme.
                                                  Changes in Shares and Information of
                                                  Substantial Shareholders



                                                    Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and Short Positions


2019 Annual Report
                                                    As of December 31, 2019, to the knowledge of our Company and the Directors after making reasonable inquiries, the following
                                                    persons (other than the Directors, Supervisors and chief executive of our Company as disclosed above) have interests or short
                                                    positions in shares or underlying shares which would be required to be disclosed to our Company under the provisions of Divisions
                                                    2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO and recorded in the register required to be maintained by our Company under Section 336 of the
                                                    SFO:


108                                                                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                                                                    percentage of     Approximate
                                                                                                                                                  Number of       shareholding in    percentage of
                                                                                                                                                  securities/      the total share shareholding in




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                    Name of                                                                                          Type of            capital of     the relevant
                                                    Shareholders                      Class of Shares         Capacity                           Shares held        our Company class of shares
                                                    Huijin (Note 1)                   Domestic Shares         Beneficial owner                1,936,155,680/                44.319%               78.547%
                                                                                                                                              Long positions
                                                                                                              Interest of controlled              2,734,800/                 0.063%                0.111%
                                                                                                                 corporation                  Long positions
                                                    Haier Group                       Domestic Shares         Interest of controlled            398,500,000/                 9.122%               16.167%
                                                      Corporation (Note 2)                                       corporation                  Long positions
                                                    Tencent Holdings (Note 3)         H Shares                Interest of controlled            216,249,059/                 4.950%               11.359%
                                                                                                                 corporation                  Long positions
                                                    Alibaba Group Holding             H Shares                Interest of controlled            202,844,235/                 4.643%               10.655%
                                                       Limited (Note 4)                                          corporation                  Long positions
                                                    I&G (Note 5)                      Domestic Shares         Beneficial owner                  127,562,960/                 2.920%                5.175%
                                                                                                                                              Long positions
                                                    Mingly (Note 6)                   H Shares                Beneficial owner                  122,559,265/                 2.805%                6.438%
                                                                                                                                              Long positions
                                                    Invesco Advisor Inc               H Shares                Investment manager                 99,015,860/                 2.267%                5.201%
                                                                                                                                              Long positions

                                                    Notes:
                                                    (1)      Each of Jianyin Investment, JIC Investment and China Investment Consulting is wholly-owned by Huijin. Therefore, Huijin is deemed to be
                                                             interested in 2,734,800 Domestic Shares held by Jianyin Investment, JIC Investment and China Investment Consulting for the purpose of the
                                                             SFO.
                                                    (2)      According to the share transfer agreement dated June 6, 2018 between Huijin and Haier Group (Qingdao) Financial Holdings Ltd., Huijin
                                                             agreed to transfer to Haier Group (Qingdao) Financial Holdings Ltd. 398,500,000 Domestic Shares it held in the Company for a consideration
                                                             of RMB5,411.63 million. The share transfer has been approved by the CSRC and other regulatory authorities, and relevant registration
                                                             procedures of the register of members of the share transfer were completed on March 11, 2019. As of December 31, 2019, each of Haier
                                                             Electric International Co., Ltd. (as the sole member of Haier Group (Qingdao) Financial Holdings Ltd.), Qingdao Haichuangke Management
                                                             Consulting Enterprise (Limited Partnership) (holding 48.8% interest in Haier Electric International Co., Ltd.), Haier Group Corporation (holding
                                                             51.2% interest in Haier Electric International Co., Ltd.) and Qingdao Haichuangke Investment Management Co., Ltd. (as general partner of
                                                             Qingdao Haichuangke Management Consulting Enterprise (Limited Partnership) and a member holding its 10% interest) is deemed to be
                                                             interested in the Domestic Shares held by Haier Group (Qingdao) Financial Holdings Ltd. under the SFO.
                                                    (3)      As of December 31, 2019, Tencent Mobility Limited, directly interested in 216,249,059 H Shares, is a corporation controlled by Tencent
                                                             Holdings, which is therefore deemed to be interested in the H Shares held by Tencent Mobility Limited.
                                                    (4)      As at December 31, 2019, Des Voeux Investment Company Limited held 202,844,235 H Shares of the Company. Des Voeux Investment
                                                             Company Limited is wholly-owned by Alibaba Group Treasury Limited, which is wholly-owned by Alibaba Group Holding Limited. Therefore,
                                                             Alibaba Group Treasury Limited and Alibaba Group Holding Limited are deemed to be interested in 202,844,235 H Shares held by Des Voeux
                                                             Investment Company Limited under the SFO.
                                                    (5)      As of December 31, 2019, State Development & Investment Corp., Ltd. (國家開發投資集團有限公司), a PRC state-owned enterprise, holds
                                                             approximately 47.20% shares of I&G and is therefore deemed to be interested in the Domestic Shares held by I&G under the SFO.
                                                    (6)      As of December 31, 2019, Mingly is held by certain but not identical discretionary trusts as to 96.12% equity interests, of which CCM
                                                             Trust (Cayman) Limited, LBJ Regents Limited and Dolios Limited are the corporate trustees, and members of the classes of discretionary
                                                             beneficiaries of such trusts comprise the late Dr. Cha Chi Ming’s issue.
IV. SUFFICIENT PUBLIC FLOAT


                                                                                                                                      2019 Annual Report
   As at the Latest Practicable Date and based on the information available to our Company and to the knowledge of the Directors,
   our Company’s public float complies with the requirements of Rule 8.08 of the Listing Rules.


V. PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES OF OUR COMPANY
   On May 21, 2019, the Company completed a married trade of the “16 CICC 05” tranche of corporate bonds in an amount of RMB90
                                                                                                                                      109
   million on the FICC platform of the Shanghai Stock Exchange on the same day, at a purchase price of RMB91,995,595.90 and a sales
   income of RMB91,998,295.90, and the corporate bonds have been due and fully paid on December 26, 2019.




                                                                                                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited
   According to the Company’s announcement dated June 28, 2019, the Company announced to waive the option to redeem 16
   CICC 01 Bond, and opted to increase the coupon rate from 2.99% to 3.58% for the last two years of the duration of such bond,
   and hence was obligated to redeem such bond if required by the investors. The Company has redeemed part of such bond as
   requested by certain investors on July 18, 2019, and the remaining amount of such bond following the redemption was RMB2,876
   million.


   According to the Company’s announcement dated September 23, 2019, the Company has decided to exercise the option as
   the corporate bond issuer to redeem all registered 16 CICC 03 Bond on the registration date. The Company has completed all
   redemption on October 28, 2019.


   Save as disclosed above, during the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor its subsidiaries have purchased, sold or redeemed
   any of the Company’s securities.
                                                  Directors, Supervisors,
                                                  Senior Management and Employees

                                                  I.   BASIC INFORMATION ON THE DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


2019 Annual Report
                                                       As of March 30, 2020, the basic information on the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company is as follows:


                                                       Name                                  Position                              Gender         Age            Appointment date
                                                       DIRECTORS
                                                       Shen Rujun (沈如軍)                      Chairman of the Board                 Male           56             August 2019
110                                                                                          Non-executive Director                                              August 2019
                                                       Huang Zhaohui (黃朝暉)                   Executive Director                    Male           56             February 2020
                                                                                             Chief Executive Officer                                             December 2019




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                             Chairman of the                                                     December 2019
                                                                                             Management Committee
                                                       Huang Hao (黃昊)                        Non-executive Director                Male           46             February 2020
                                                       Xiong Lianhua (熊蓮花)                   Non-executive Director                Female         52             February 2020
                                                       Tan Lixia (譚麗霞)                       Non-executive Director                Female         49             February 2020
                                                       Duan Wenwu (段文務)                      Non-executive Director                Male           50             February 2020
                                                       Liu Li (劉力)                           Independent Non-executive Director Male              64             June 2016
                                                       Siu Wai Keung (蕭偉強)                   Independent Non-executive Director Male              65             May 2015
                                                       Ben Shenglin (賁聖林)                    Independent Non-executive Director Male              54             May 2015
                                                       Peter Hugh Nolan (彼得•諾蘭)              Independent Non-executive Director Male              70             February 2020




                                                       SUPERVISORS
                                                       Gao Tao (高濤)                          Chairman of the Supervisory           Male           55             June 2017
                                                                                             Committee
                                                                                             Employee Representative Supervisor                                  June 2017
                                                       Jin Lizuo (金立佐)                       Supervisor                            Male           62             May 2015
                                                       Cui Zheng (崔錚)                        Supervisor                            Male           39             February 2020
                                                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report
Name                                    Position                              Gender          Age            Appointment date
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Huang Zhaohui (黃朝暉)                     See “Directors” above
Chu Gang (楚鋼)                           Chief Operating Officer               Male            56             April 2015
                                        Member of the Management
                                        Committee                                                            April 2015
Wong King Fung (黃勁峯)                    Chief Financial Officer               Male            51             February 2017              111
                                        Member of the Management
                                        Committee                                                            February 2017




                                                                                                                                        China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                        Member of the Management
Hu Changsheng (胡長生)                     Committee                             Male            54             June 2017
                                        Member of the Management
Huang Haizhou (黃海洲)                     Committee                             Male            57             April 2015
                                        Member of the Management
Liang Hong (梁紅)                         Committee                             Female          51             April 2015
                                        Member of the Management
Cheng Qiang (程強)                        Committee                             Male            52             April 2015
                                        Member of the Management
Ding Wei (丁瑋)                           Committee                             Male            60             January 2018
                                        Member of the Management
Wu Bo (吳波)                              Committee                             Male            42             April 2018
Wang Sheng (王晟）                         Member of the Management              Male            42             March 2020
                                        Committee
Zhang Fengwei (張逢偉)                     Chief Risk Officer                    Male            52             June 2017
Chen Gang (陳剛)                          Chief Compliance Officer              Male            47             August 2016
Lu Xu (呂旭)                              Chief Technology Officer              Male            66             April 2015
Ma Kui (馬葵)                             Financial Controller                  Female          48             May 2015
Xu Yicheng (徐翌成）                        Secretary to the Board of Directors   Male            45             April 2018
                                        Assistant President                                                  March 2020
Yang Xinping (楊新平)                      Assistant President                   Female          64             February 2017


Please refer to “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 13 Directors’ and Supervisors’ Remuneration” of this report for the
remuneration of the Directors and Supervisors.
                                                  Directors, Supervisors,
                                                  Senior Management and Employees



                                                                 II.   BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR


2019 Annual Report
                                                                       MANAGEMENT
                                                                       DIRECTORS
                                                                       Mr. Shen Rujun (沈如軍), aged 56, has been appointed as the Chairman of our Company
                                                                       since August 2019, and serves as the member of the Party Committee and Vice General
                                                                       Manager of China Investment Corporation as well as the Vice Chairman, Executive Director and
112
                                                                       General Manager of Huijin Company. Mr. Shen successively served as the Deputy Section Chief,
                                                                       Section Chief, and Deputy Director of the Accounting Division, as well as Deputy Director (in
                                                                       charge of the work) and Director of the Planning Division of Jiangsu Branch of Industrial and




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                       Commercial Bank of China Limited (hereinafter referred to as “ICBC”), a company listed on the
                                                                       Shanghai Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 601398) and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock
                                                                       Code: 01398), from December 1984 to December 1998. He served as the Vice General Manager
                                                                       of the Planning and Finance Department of ICBC from December 1998 to November 2003;
                                                                       Vice President of ICBC Beijing Branch from November 2003 to July 2008; General Manager
                                                                       of the Finance and Accounting Department of ICBC from July 2008 to November 2013; and
                                                                       President of ICBC Shandong Branch from November 2013 to March 2015. Mr. Shen served
                                                                       as the Vice President of Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Bank of
                                                                       Communications”), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 601328)
                                                                       and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 03328), from March 2015 to June 2018; and
                                                                       Vice President and Executive Director of Bank of Communications from June 2018 to October
                                                                       2018. Mr. Shen obtained his doctoral degree from School of Technology and Economics of
                                                                       Hohai University in 2001.


                                                                       Mr. Huang Zhaohui (黃朝暉), aged 56, has been appointed as a Director of the Company
                                                                       since February 2020, the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Management Committee
                                                                       of our Company since December 2019. He joined the Group in February 1998 and held
                                                                       several positions, including the Head, Deputy Head and Co-Head of the Investment Banking
                                                                       Department. He also served as a member of the Management Committee of the Company
                                                                       from April 2015 to December 2019. Prior to joining our Group, he joined China Construction
                                                                       Bank Corporation, a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 939)
                                                                       and Shanghai Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 601939), and served as a clerk of the Ningbo
                                                                       branch office, an assistant research officer of the department of investment research, a senior
                                                                       economist of the department of real estate financing, deputy director of department of
                                                                       international business and director of the secretariat of the general administration office from
                                                                       July 1988 to January 1998. He currently serves as a director of CICC HK Securities. Mr. Huang
                                                                       obtained a bachelor’s degree in physics from Wuhan University (武漢大學) in July 1985 and a
                                                                       master’s degree in economics from Renmin University of China in July 1988.
Mr. Huang Hao (黃昊), aged 46, has been appointed as a Director of the Company since February



                                                                                                     2019 Annual Report
2020 and serves as a deputy director of the Leading Group Office of the Directly Managed
Enterprise/Equity Management Department II of Huijin. Mr. Huang joined Huijin in February 2005,
and successively served as the deputy director of the Capital Market Department, the deputy
director and division director of the Equity Management Office of the China Development Bank
of the General Department, managing director and deputy director of Securities Institution
Management Department and the deputy director of the Securities Institution Management
                                                                                                     113
Department/Insurance Institution Management Department of Huijin. He served as a director
of Guotai Junan Securities Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (Stock
Code: 601211) and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 02611), from September 2005




                                                                                                     China International Capital Corporation Limited
to January 2013, a director of China Development Bank and concurrently served as a director of
China Development Bank Capital Co., Ltd. from April 2012 to October 2017. Mr. Huang successively
served as the senior staff member, assistant researcher and concurrently served as the Youth
League Secretary of the Policy Research Division in the State Administration of Foreign Exchange
from July 1999 to February 2005. Mr. Huang obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from
Zhejiang University in July 1996, a master’s degree in management from Tsinghua University in
May 1999, and a doctoral degree in economics from the Finance Research Institute of People’s
Bank of China in July 2011.




Ms. Xiong Lianhua (熊蓮花), aged 52, has been appointed as a Director of the Company since
February 2020 and has been working in Huijin since January 2012. Ms. Xiong has served as a
non-executive director of New China Life Insurance Company Ltd., a company listed on the
Shanghai Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 601336) and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code:
01336), and has concurrently served as a director of New China Asset Management Co., Ltd.* (新
華資產管理股份有限公司) since July 2017. Ms. Xiong worked at Huangshi Sub-branch of Bank
of Communications in Hubei province from October 1990 to September 1993. From July 1995
to December 2011, she successively served as a deputy division director, division director and an
inspector of deputy-bureau-level of the People’s Bank of China. She served as a director candidate
and a division director of the General Management Department of Huijin from January 2012 to
December 2012 and a director of China Export & Credit Insurance Corporation* (中國出口信用保
險公司) from December 2012 to July 2019. Ms. Xiong obtained a bachelor’s degree in international
finance from Wuhan University in July 1990, and a master’s degree in monetary banking from
Renmin University of China in June 1995.
                                                  Directors, Supervisors,
                                                  Senior Management and Employees


                                                                  Ms. Tan Lixia (譚麗霞), aged 49, a Chartered Global Management Accountant, has been



2019 Annual Report
                                                                  appointed as a Director of the Company since February 2020. Ms. Tan joined Haier from August
                                                                  1992, and successively served as the director of Department of Overseas Market Development
                                                                  of Haier Group, Chief Financial Officer of Haier Group and Head of Wanchain Platform. Ms. Tan
                                                                  currently serves as the Executive Vice President of Haier Group, Chairman of Haier Group (Qingdao)
                                                                  Financing Holding Co., Ltd., Vice Chairman of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd., a company listed on the
                                                                  Shanghai Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 600690), a non-executive director of Bank of Qingdao Co.,
114
                                                                  Ltd., a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 002948) and the Hong Kong
                                                                  Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 03866), Chairman of Qingdao Haier Biomedical Co., Ltd., a company
                                                                  listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 688139) and Chairman of INKON Life




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                  Technology Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 300143). Ms.
                                                                  Tan once served as a non-executive director of Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd. Ms. Tan currently
                                                                  serves as a standing member of the 12th session of All-China Women’s Federation, Vice President
                                                                  of China Women Entrepreneurs Association, the Chairman of Shandong Women Entrepreneurs
                                                                  Association and the Vice Chairman of the 13th session of Qingdao Women’s Federation. Ms. Tan
                                                                  graduated from Central University of Finance and Economics majoring in public finance in June
                                                                  1992, and obtained an EMBA degree from the China Europe International Business School in July
                                                                  2009.


                                                                  Mr. Duan Wenwu (段文務), aged 50, a senior accountant, has been appointed as a Director of the
                                                                  Company since February 2020. Mr. Duan has served as the General Manager of I&G (NEEQ: 834777)
                                                                  from April 2019, Chairman of SDIC Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. from March 2015, and Chairman
                                                                  of Rongshi International Holding Company Limited from December 2016. Mr. Duan served as
                                                                  the Deputy Manager and Financial Chief of SDIC Yunnan Dachaoshan Hydropower Co., Ltd.
                                                                  Dachao Industrial Company from July 1998 to December 1998, and successively served as Deputy
                                                                  Manager, Manager of the Finance Department, Deputy Chief Accountant, Chief Accountant and
                                                                  Deputy Manager thereof from December 1998 to May 2008. Mr. Duan served as an assistant
                                                                  to the director of Finance and Accounting Department of State Development and Investment
                                                                  Corporation from May 2008 to November 2008, Deputy General Manager of SDIC Finance Co., Ltd.
                                                                  from November 2008 to August 2010, Deputy Director of Finance and Accounting Department of
                                                                  State Development and Investment Corporation from August 2010 to August 2014, Director and
                                                                  Deputy General Manager of China National Complete Plant Import and Export Group Corporation
                                                                  Limited from March 2013 to August 2014, Director of Finance and Accounting Department and
                                                                  Director of the Finance Department of State Development and Investment Corporation from
                                                                  August 2014 to August 2016 and from August 2016 to May 2017, respectively, General Manager of
                                                                  SDIC Essence Co., Ltd. (later renamed as SDIC Capital Co., Ltd.), a company listed on the Shanghai
                                                                  Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 600061), from May 2017 to December 2017, General Manager of SDIC
                                                                  Capital Co., Ltd. from December 2017 to March 2018, Director of Essence Securities Co., Ltd. from
                                                                  December 2017 to January 2019, and Chairman of SDIC Finance Co., Ltd. from March 2018 to April
                                                                  2019. Mr. Duan obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Xiamen University in July 1990,
                                                                  and a master’s degree in business administration from Jiangxi University of Finance and Economics
                                                                  in January 2003.
Mr. Liu Li (劉力), aged 64, has been appointed as a Director of our Company since June 2016.



                                                                                                     2019 Annual Report
He currently holds positions such as a Finance Professor in Guanghua School of Management of
Peking University and Deputy Head and Doctoral Supervisor in Finance and Securities Research
Center of Peking University. Mr. Liu has been teaching in Guanghua School of Management
(formerly known as Economic Management Department of School of Economics) of Peking
University since January 1986, and had been teaching in Beijing Institute of Iron and Steel from
September 1984 to December 1985. Mr. Liu served as an independent non-executive director of
                                                                                                     115
China Machinery Engineering Corporation, a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
(Stock Code: 1829), since January 2011, an independent non-executive director of Bank of
Communications, a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 601328) and the




                                                                                                     China International Capital Corporation Limited
Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 3328), since September 2014, an independent director of
Success Electronics Ltd., a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 002289),
since January 2016, and an independent director of CNPC Capital Company Limited, a company
listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 000617), since June 2017. Mr. Liu obtained a
master’s degree in physics from Peking University in July 1984 and MBA from Catholic University of
Louvain in Belgium in July 1989.


Mr. Siu Wai Keung (蕭偉強), aged 65, (former name: Francis Siu Wai Keung), has been appointed
as a Director of our Company since May 2015. He served for KPMG for approximately 30 years,
where he provided professional services to clients from various industries. He joined KPMG
Manchester, England in 1979 and was transferred to Hong Kong in May 1986 and became a
partner of KPMG Hong Kong in July 1993. From October 2000 to March 2002, he was a senior
partner of KPMG Huazhen LLP Shanghai Office. Prior to his retirement in March 2010, he was a
senior partner of KPMG Huazhen LLP Beijing Office and North China. He has extensive experience
in providing audit services for PRC and overseas companies, and has a sound knowledge of
advising on foreign direct investment in the PRC. Mr. Siu currently serves as an independent
non-executive director of Guoco Land Limited, a company listed on the Singapore Exchange (Stock
Code: F17), since December 2010, an independent non-executive director of CITIC Limited, a
company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 267), since May 2011, an independent
non-executive director of China Communications Services Corporation Limited, a company listed
on Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 552), since June 2012, an independent non-executive
director of CGN Power Co., Ltd., a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code:
1816) and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 003816), since March 2014, an independent
director of Beijing Gao Hua Securities Company Limited since June 2015, and an independent
non-executive director of BHG Retail Trust Management Pte. Ltd., since November 2015. Mr. Siu
has been a fellow member of the ICAEW and the HKICPA since July 1994 and September 1993. He
obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics and accounting and financial management from The
University of Sheffield, the United Kingdom, in July 1979.
                                                  Directors, Supervisors,
                                                  Senior Management and Employees


                                                                  Mr. Ben Shenglin (賁聖林), aged 54, has been appointed as a Director of our Company since



2019 Annual Report
                                                                  May 2015. He held several positions in ABN Amro in China and London, including leadership roles
                                                                  such as senior vice president and general manager of working capital business in China from
                                                                  September 1994 to January 2005. He served at HSBC China from February 2005 to March 2010 as
                                                                  a senior executive, including managing director and China country head of commercial banking
                                                                  from January 2007 to April 2010. From April 2010 to April 2014, he was with JP Morgan Chase as
                                                                  a member of the global leadership team at global corporate bank and the chief executive officer
116
                                                                  of J.P. Morgan Chase Bank (China). Mr. Ben currently serves as an independent director of Bank
                                                                  of Ningbo Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 2142), since
                                                                  September 2014, an independent non-executive director of Tsingtao Brewery Co., Ltd., a company




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                  listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 168), since June 2014, an independent director
                                                                  of Wuchan Zhongda Group Co., Ltd. (物產中大集團股份有限公司), a company listed on the
                                                                  Shanghai Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 600704), since February 2016, and a supervisor of Industrial
                                                                  Bank Co., Ltd. (興業銀行股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange
                                                                  (Stock Code: 601166), since December 2016. He joined Zhejiang University since May 2014 and
                                                                  currently serves as a full-time professor and doctoral advisor. He is also the dean of Academy of
                                                                  Internet Finance since April 2015, the dean of the International Business School since October
                                                                  2018, and the co-director of Zhejiang University- Ant FinTech Research Center since November
                                                                  2019. He also currently serves as a co-director of the International Monetary Institute in Renmin
                                                                  University of China since January 2014, the dean of Zhejiang Institute of Innovations since April
                                                                  2018, a counsellor of the Zhejiang People’s Government since August 2014, a member of Zhejiang
                                                                  Provincial Committee of the Chinese People’s Political and Consultative Conference and Vice
                                                                  Commissioner of Economic Policy Committee since January 2018, the chairman of Zhejiang
                                                                  Association of Internet Finance since September 2015, a member of the Guangdong Financial
                                                                  Experts Advisory Committee since November 2017, a member of the International Cooperation
                                                                  Committee of the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce since December 2018 and an
                                                                  expert specially invited by the FinTech Cooperation Committee of the Asian Financial Cooperation
                                                                  Association since July 2019. Mr. Ben obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering from Tsinghua
                                                                  University in July 1987, a master’s degree in economics specializing in enterprise management
                                                                  from Renmin University of China in March 1990 and a doctoral degree in economics from Purdue
                                                                  University, the United States, in August 1994.
Mr. Peter Hugh Nolan, aged 70, recipient of the Commander of the Most Excellent Order of



                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report
the British Empire, has been appointed as a Director of the Company since February 2020. He
has served as an independent non-executive director of China Everbright Group since January
2019 and the director of China Centre, Jesus College at University of Cambridge since 2017. He
has also served as the Director of the China Executive Leadership Programme (CELP) since 2005.
Professor Nolan was a lecturer of School of Economics and Politics at University of Cambridge
from 1979 to 1997 and Sinyi Professor of Chinese Management at Cambridge Judge Business
                                                                                                 117
School at University of Cambridge from 1997 to 2012. He was the founding director and Chong
Hua Professor of Chinese Development in the Centre of Development Studies at University of
Cambridge from 2012 to 2016 and Chong Hua Professor of Chinese Development (Emeritus)




                                                                                                 China International Capital Corporation Limited
since 2016. Professor Nolan also served as an independent non-executive director of Bank of
Communications (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 601328) and
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 03328)) from November 2010 to November 2017.
Professor Nolan obtained his Doctoral degree in Economics from University of London in 1981.
                                                  Directors, Supervisors,
                                                  Senior Management and Employees



                                                                  SUPERVISORS


2019 Annual Report
                                                                  Mr. Gao Tao (高濤), aged 55, has been elected as the employee representative Supervisor and
                                                                  appointed as the Chairman of the Supervisory Committee of the Company since June 2017. He
                                                                  has been the chairman of the board of directors of Former CISC (now renamed as CICC Wealth
                                                                  Management) since October 2015. From June 1991 to May 2005, he held several positions in China
                                                                  Construction Bank including vice director and general manager of the department of human
118                                                               resources of Anhui Branch, and the president of Huainan Branch. From May 2005 to September
                                                                  2005, he served as a member of the Securities Restructuring Committee of China Jianyin
                                                                  Investment Co., Ltd. From September 2005 to September 2006, he held several positions in Former




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                  CISC (now renamed as CICC Wealth Management) including general manager of the department
                                                                  of human resources and vice president. From September 2006 to September 2012, he held several
                                                                  positions in Hong Yuan Securities Co., Ltd., including vice general manager, board secretary and
                                                                  vice chairman. From September 2012 to August 2015, he served as vice president of China Jianyin
                                                                  Investment Co., Ltd. Mr. Gao graduated with a bachelor’s degree from Anhui Agricultural University
                                                                  (formerly known as “Anhui Agricultural College”) in July 1986, and an executive master of business
                                                                  administration degree from Renmin University of China in January 2009.


                                                                  Mr. Jin Lizuo (金立佐), aged 62, has been appointed as a Supervisor of our Company since May
                                                                  2015. He participated in the establishment of our Company from 1994 to 1995. Mr. Jin serves
                                                                  as an independent non-executive director of Beijing Enterprises Environment Group Limited,
                                                                  a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 154), since September 2004
                                                                  and a non-executive director of NetBrain Technologies Inc. since August 2012. Mr. Jin obtained
                                                                  a bachelor’s degree in economics from Peking University in January 1982 and a doctoral degree
                                                                  in economics from the University of Oxford, the United Kingdom, in November 1993. He is the
                                                                  founding president of the Chinese Economic Association (CEA) UK.




                                                                  Mr. Cui Zheng (崔錚), aged 39, has been appointed as a Supervisor of the Company since
                                                                  February 2020. He has been serving as head of Legal Compliance Division of the General
                                                                  Management Department of Huijin since February 2020. Mr. Cui joined Huijin in July 2011,
                                                                  successively served as the manager of the General Department, the manager and senior deputy
                                                                  manager of the General Management Department/Banking Institution Department II, head
                                                                  of Legal Compliance Division of the General Management Department/Banking Institution
                                                                  Department II, etc. From July 2003 to July 2011, Mr. Cui successively served as a business director,
                                                                  business executive and senior business executive of Corporate Strategy Department (Legal
                                                                  Department) of China Telecommunications Corporation (中國電信集團公司). Mr. Cui received a
                                                                  bachelor’s degree in law and a bachelor’s degree in economics from Peking University in July 2003,
                                                                  a master’s degree in law from Peking University in July 2009 and a master’s degree in business
                                                                  administration from Peking University in July 2010.
SENIOR MANAGEMENT


                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report
Mr. Huang Zhaohui (黃朝暉), an executive Director, the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of
the Management Committee of our Company. See “- Directors” in this section for his profile.


Mr. Chu Gang (楚鋼), aged 56, has been appointed as the Chief Operating Officer and member
of the Management Committee of our Company since April 2015. He joined the Group in May
2009 and held several positions, including Managing Director of the Research Department, Deputy        119
Head of the Capital Markets Department and Deputy Chief Operating Officer. Prior to joining
the Group, he held several positions in Citigroup, including Emerging Market Risk Manager, US




                                                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited
Local Government Bonds Proprietary Trader, Head of Latin America Stock Derivatives Trading
and Managing Director of Alternative Investment Funds from September 1993 to August 2008.
He currently serves as Director of a number of subsidiaries of our Company, including CICC HK
Securities. Mr. Chu was qualified as a Chartered Financial Analyst of the CFA Institute in September
2002. He obtained a bachelor’s degree in physics from University of Science and Technology
of China (中國科學技術大學) in July 1987 and a doctoral degree in theoretical physics from
Northeastern University, the United States, in September 1993. He also studied at Leonard N. Stern
School of Business of New York University, the United States, until June 1997.
                                                  Directors, Supervisors,
                                                  Senior Management and Employees


                                                                  Mr. Wong King Fung (黃勁峯), aged 51, has been appointed as the Chief Financial Officer and



2019 Annual Report
                                                                  member of the Management Committee of the Company since February 2017. He joined the
                                                                  Group in May 2016 and served as Managing Director in the Firm Management Department. Mr.
                                                                  Wong has over 20 years of working experience in Mainland China, Hong Kong, Japan and the UK,
                                                                  with international commercial bank, international investment bank, domestic securities firm and
                                                                  in public accounting firm. Before joining the Group, Mr. Wong worked in Goldman Sachs and
                                                                  Beijing Gao Hua Securities Company Limited from March 2000 to May 2016; during which he held
120
                                                                  a number of positions in the asset management division of Goldman Sachs (Asia) from June 2008
                                                                  to May 2016, including Asia Pacific COO, Asia Pacific ex Japan COO, Head of Product Development
                                                                  and Managing Director. From November 2006 to June 2008, he was responsible for coordinating




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                  the middle and back offices as well as risk management functions at Beijing Gao Hua Securities
                                                                  Company Limited. From March 2000 to November 2006, he served in a number of roles, including
                                                                  Head of FICC Product Financial Control, Head of Equities Product Financial Control, Head of Japan
                                                                  Product Financial Control, the Hong Kong Financial Controller and Executive Director at Goldman
                                                                  Sachs (Asia) and Goldman Sachs Japan. From July 1997 to February 2000, Mr. Wong worked
                                                                  at HSBC HK as Financial Manager of Capital Markets and Financial Manager of Money Foreign
                                                                  Exchange Markets. From September 1991 to May 1997, Mr. Wong worked in the audit department
                                                                  as Auditing and Accounting Trainee, Assistant Manager and Manager at KPMG (UK and HK). Mr.
                                                                  Wong has been a member of the HKICPA and ICAEW for over 20 years. He met the professional
                                                                  requirements by passing the exams and going through the required trainings for the ICAEW
                                                                  and officially became a member and a certified accountant of ICAEW in November 1994. He met
                                                                  the professional requirements of the HKICPA and officially became a member and a certified
                                                                  accountant of the HKICPA in October 1995. He is currently Director of CICC Hong Kong. Mr. Wong
                                                                  obtained a Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical Engineering from University of Bristol in June 1990.
Mr. Hu Changsheng (胡長生), aged 54, has been appointed as member of the Management



                                                                                                   2019 Annual Report
Committee since June 2017. He has been the Vice Chairman of CICC Wealth Management
Securities since December 2011, and the President of CICC Wealth Management Securities
since November 2011, and Chairman of the Executive Committee of CICC Wealth Management
Securities since November 2019. From December 1998 to December 2005, he has successively
served as the Deputy Director of the General Division of the Policy Research Office, member
(at cadre level) of the Planning and Development Committee, Consultant of the Institution
                                                                                                   121
Supervision Division, and Commissioner of the Shenzhen Commissioner’s Office under the CSRC.
From December 2005 to January 2008, he has served as the Deputy Director and then Director
of the capital market department of Huijin. From January 2008 to November 2011, he has acted




                                                                                                   China International Capital Corporation Limited
as the Senior Business Head and Director of Capital Market Division of the non-bank department
of Huijin. From December 2005 to April 2010, he successively held the position as Director, Vice
Chairman of the board of directors and Acting President of China Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd., a
company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 06881) and Shanghai Stock
Exchange (Stock Code: 601881). From January 2007 to September 2010, he served as Director of
China Galaxy Financial Holdings Company Limited. From November 2007 to January 2010, he
acted as a Director of China Everbright Industry Group Ltd. He also served as the Vice Chairman
of the board of directors of China Securities Co., Ltd. from March 2011 to November 2012. He has
acted as the Chairman of CISC Luckystone Investment Management Co., Ltd. since November
2011. He was the Vice Chairman of the Executive Committee of CICC Wealth Management
Securities from March 2012 to November 2019. He was the Chairman of CISC Changchun Venture
Capital Fund Management Co., Ltd. from November 2012 to August 2015. Mr. Hu graduated with
a doctor’s degree in economics from the Graduate Division of Beijing Public Finance Science
Research Institute of Ministry of Finance in June 1997.


Mr. Huang Haizhou (黃海洲), aged 57, has been appointed as member of the Management
Committee and the Head of the Equities Department of our Company since April 2015 and May
2013 respectively. He joined the Group in December 2007 and held several positions, including
the Co-head of the Sales and Trading Department, Chief Strategist and Co-Head of the Research
Department. Prior to joining the Group, he served as Research Fellow at The London School of
Economics and Political Science, the United Kingdom, from January 1995 to June 1998, Economist
and then Senior Economist at the International Monetary Fund from July 1998 to August 2005,
and Chief Economist and Head of Greater China Research of Barclays Capital from September 2005
to December 2007. He served as a member of the first session of the Hong Kong Financial Services
Development Council from March 2013 to March 2018. He currently serves as Director of a number
of subsidiaries of our Company, including CICC Hong Kong and CICC HK Securities. Mr. Huang
obtained a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from Hefei University of Technology (合肥
工業大學) in July 1983, a master’s degree in systems engineering from University of Shanghai for
Science and Technology (上海理工大學) in July 1987 and a doctoral degree from the business
school of Indiana University, the United States, in July 1994.
                                                  Directors, Supervisors,
                                                  Senior Management and Employees


                                                                  Ms. liang Hong (梁紅), aged 51, has been appointed as member of the Management Committee



2019 Annual Report
                                                                  and the Head of the Research Department of our Company since April 2015 and May 2013
                                                                  respectively. She joined the Group in November 2008 and held several positions, including
                                                                  Managing Director, the Head of the Capital Markets Department and Co-Head of the Sales and
                                                                  Trading Department. Prior to joining the Group, she served as Economist of the International
                                                                  Monetary Fund from June 1998 to August 2003 and the Chief China economist, Managing
                                                                  Director, and Co-Head of Asia Pacific Economic Research of Goldman Sachs (Asia) LLC from
122
                                                                  September 2003 to November 2008. She currently serves as Director of CICC Hong Kong and CICC
                                                                  HK Securities. Ms. Liang obtained a bachelor’s degree in law from Peking University in July 1991,
                                                                  a master’s degree in economics from University of Denver, the United States, in June 1993 and a




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                  doctoral degree in economics from Georgetown University, the United States, in July 1998.


                                                                  Mr. Cheng Qiang (程強), aged 52, has been appointed as member of the Management
                                                                  Committee and the Head of the FICC Department of our Company since April 2015. He joined the
                                                                  Group in October 2003 and held several positions, including a Vice President of the Capital Markets
                                                                  Department, Co-Head of the FICC Department, Head of the Trading Team, Head of the Product
                                                                  Division and Fixed Income Team of the Investment Banking Department. He served as Advisor to
                                                                  our Company from July 2012 to June 2014. Prior to joining the Group, he served several positions
                                                                  in other financial institutions including Associate of Barclays Capital New York from January 1998
                                                                  to May 2000, and Vice President of ING Bank (Hong Kong) from August 2003 to September 2003.
                                                                  He currently serves as the Chairman of CICC Futures and Director of a number of other subsidiaries
                                                                  of our Company, including CICC Hong Kong. Mr. Cheng obtained a bachelor’s degree in physics
                                                                  from the University of Mississippi, the United States, in August 1990, a master’s degree in physics
                                                                  and a master’s degree and a doctoral degree in economics from the University of Michigan, the
                                                                  United States, in August 1991, December 1993 and May 1998, respectively.
Mr. Ding Wei (丁瑋), aged 60, has been appointed as member of the Management Committee



                                                                                                    2019 Annual Report
of the Company since January 2018. He currently serves as Managing Director of our Company
and Chairman of CICC Capital. From November 1987 to February 1999, Mr. Ding successively
served as Economist, Project Officer, Department Manager and other positions in the Headquarter
of World Bank in Washington. During such period, from March 1993 to March 1995, Mr. Ding
seconded to the IMF as Senior Economist and Chief Representative in Albania. From March 1999
to September 2002, Mr. Ding served as Head of China Region in Deutsche Bank. From October
                                                                                                    123
2002 to December 2010, he served in the Company as Managing Director, and from 2006 to 2010,
as Executive Chairman of the Investment Banking Committee and Head of the Investment Banking
Department. From February 2011 to December 2013, Mr. Ding served as Senior Managing Director,




                                                                                                    China International Capital Corporation Limited
Head of China Region, member of the Temasek investment policy committee and member of the
Temasek senior management committee at Temasek Investment Holdings in Singapore. From
January 2014 to August 2015, Mr. Ding acted as private investor and also served as Director or
Independent Director in several companies, including Hwa Bao Investments, CAR Inc., Hundsun
Technologies Inc., Hikvision, First Trust Fund Management Company, etc. Prior to rejoining the
Company, from September 2015 to May 2016, Mr. Ding served as a Vice Chairman of Asia of
the investment banking division at Morgan Stanley. Mr. Ding obtained his bachelor’s degree in
finance and economics from Renmin University of China in June 1982, completed his doctoral
study in economics from University of Texas at Austin as a Fulbright scholar in October 1987, and
completed the World Bank executive management training program at Harvard Business School in
October 1998.


Mr. Wu Bo (吳波), aged 42, has been appointed as member of the Management Committee of
the Company since April 2018, and the Head of Wealth Management Department of the Company
since February 2017. He joined the Group in May 2004 and held several positions, including the
Head of the Sponsor Business Department, Deputy Head of the Growth Enterprise Investment
Banking Department, member of the Operations Team of the Investment Banking Department
and Secretary to the Board of Directors. Prior to joining the Group, from July 1999 to June 2002,
Mr. Wu served as Auditor of Arthur Andersen Huaqiang Certified Public Accountants and Senior
Auditor of PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP. from July 2002 to April 2004. Mr. Wu obtained
his bachelor’s degree in economics from Peking University in July 1998.
                                                  Directors, Supervisors,
                                                  Senior Management and Employees


                                                                  Mr. Wang Sheng (王晟), aged 42, has been appointed as member of the Management



2019 Annual Report
                                                                  Committee since March 2020. Mr. Wang Sheng is currently Head of the Investment Banking
                                                                  Department and Managing Director of our Company. From March 2018 to March 2020, he
                                                                  served as the Assistant President of the Company. Mr. Wang Sheng joined CICC in 2002. He
                                                                  successively participated in the reforms and restructurings of a number of industries, including
                                                                  telecommunications, finance, energy and pharmaceuticals, and led numerous landmark capital
                                                                  market transactions. Mr. Wang Sheng has been covering a number of leading domestic and
124
                                                                  foreign enterprises all the year round, and has been holding key management positions at the
                                                                  Investment Banking Department of CICC since 2010. Mr. Wang Sheng graduated from the School
                                                                  of Economics and Management of Tsinghua University, and obtained a Bachelor’s and a Master’s




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                  degree in 2000 and 2002 respectively.




                                                                  Mr. Zhang Fengwei (張逢偉), aged 52, has been appointed as the Chief Risk Officer and the
                                                                  Head of the Risk Management Department of our Company since June 2017. He joined the Group
                                                                  in April 2004 and held several positions, including Senior Associate of the Operations Department,
                                                                  Vice President, Managing Director and Deputy Head of the Risk Management Department. From
                                                                  March 2011 to February 2015, he served as the Chief Risk Officer of Zheshangjinhui Trust Co., Ltd.,
                                                                  an associated company of the Group. Prior to joining our Group, he served as a Programmer and
                                                                  Network Engineer of STONE Group from July 1991 to March 1996, and Assistant Vice President
                                                                  of Bank One N.A. Beijing Branch from April 1996 to March 2004. Mr. Zhang obtained a bachelor’s
                                                                  degree in Applied Mathematics from Tsinghua University in July 1991 and a master’s degree in
                                                                  Economics from Peking University in July 1997.
Mr. Chen gang (陳剛), aged 47, has been appointed as the Chief Compliance Officer of our



                                                                                                      2019 Annual Report
Company since August 2016. He joined the Group in April 2006 and held several positions,
including the Legal Department Coordinator of our US office as well as the Chief Compliance
Officer of CICC Investment Management (USA), Inc., and Compliance Counsel in our Beijing and
Hong Kong offices until January 2014. Prior to joining the Group, he served as a Research Associate
of the Development Research Center of the State Council from August 1996 to January 2001,
and Senior Associate of the Broad & Bright Law Firm from September 2004 to April 2006. He
                                                                                                      125
served as a Managing Director in charge of legal and compliance matters of HOPU Investment
Management Co., Ltd. from January 2014 to April 2016. He rejoined the Group in May 2016 and
served as Managing Director of our Compliance Department. Mr. Chen is a registered attorney of




                                                                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited
the New York State and has obtained the PRC legal professional qualification. Mr. Chen obtained
his bachelor of science degree in applied chemistry and master of business administration degree
from Peking University in July 1996 and July 2001 respectively. He also obtained a Juris Doctor
degree from the University of Pennsylvania Law School in May 2004.


Mr. lu Xu (呂旭), aged 66, has been appointed as Head and the Chief Technology Officer of
Information Technology Department of our Company since April 2015, and Chief Information
Officer (formerly Chief Technology Officer) since September 2015. He joined the Group in August
2000 and was the Head of Information Technology Department until March 2014. Prior to joining
the Group, he served as Software Engineer of the Information Center, Ministry of Electronics
Industry, from December 1984 to December 1987, Software Engineer of EG&G Washington
Analytical Services Center, Inc. in United States from December 1990 to May 1992, a Senior
Software Engineer of MLJ Consulting Telecommunication Engineers, Inc. in the United States from
May 1992 to March 1995, Principal Software Engineer of LCC L.L.C in the United States from March
1995 to February 1996, Project Manager of MCI WorldCom in United States from February 1996 to
August 2000 and Senior Managing Director of HOPU Investment Management Co., Ltd. from May
2014 to March 2015. Mr. Lu obtained a master’s degree in computer science from North China
Institute of Computing Technology (華北計算技術研究所) in December 1984, and a master’s
degree in computer science and technology from George Mason University, the United States, in
January 1994.


Ms. Ma Kui (馬葵), aged 48, has been appointed as the Financial Controller, Head of Entity and
Process Department of our Company since May 2015 and September 2011 respectively. She
joined the Group in April 1998 and held several positions including the Head of the Finance
Department, Head of the Market Risk Department, Head of the Planning and Analysis Department,
Head of Operation Support Department, Assistant Chief Financial Officer, and chairman of the
board of directors of CICC Pucheng. Ms. Ma has been the Director of CICC Jiacheng, a subsidiary of
our Company, since June 2014. Prior to joining the Group, she served as, among other things, an
accountant in Motorola (China) Electronics Co., Ltd. from May 1995 to August 1997. She currently
serves as Director of a number of our subsidiaries, including CICC Hong Kong, CICC Jiacheng,
CICC Futures, CICC HK Securities, CICC HK AM and CICC HK Futures. Ms. Ma obtained a bachelor’s
degree in international economic cooperation and a master’s degree in international finance from
the University of International Business and Economics (對外經濟貿易大學) in June 1993 and
June 1996 respectively.
                                                  Directors, Supervisors,
                                                  Senior Management and Employees


                                                                  Mr. Xu yicheng (徐翌成), aged 45, has been appointed as Assistant President of our Company



2019 Annual Report
                                                                  since March 2020. Mr. Xu Yicheng is now Secretary to the Board of Directors and the Head of
                                                                  Asset Management Segment of the Company. He joined the Investment Banking Department of
                                                                  the Company in January 2000, and became Managing Director in January 2008. He took several
                                                                  positions in our Company including Head of Strategic Development Department and Head of Firm
                                                                  Office. As one of China’s first batch of mergers and acquisitions (M&A) professionals, he founded
                                                                  and led the Company’s M&A business since 2005. Mr. Xu was responsible for and closed a large
126
                                                                  number of landmark M&A transactions with a total value of more than USD150 billion, and led the
                                                                  team to top the China M&A leaderboard for five consecutive years (2006-2010). In recent years, Mr.
                                                                  Xu assisted in formulating the Company’s medium and long-term strategic planning, including




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                  wealth management business strategy, asset management business strategy and other significant
                                                                  strategies, and took the lead in accomplishing important capital operations such as the acquisition
                                                                  of CISC and the introduction of Tencent as a strategic investor. Mr. Xu obtained a bachelor’s
                                                                  degree in English from Beijing Foreign Studies University in 1997 and a master’s degree in finance
                                                                  from the Graduate School of the PBOC in 2000.
Ms. Yang Xinping (楊新平), aged 64, has been appointed as the Assistant President of the



                                                                                                    2019 Annual Report
Company since February 2017. She was the Chief Compliance Officer of the Company from
December 2007 to August 2016. She joined the Company in October 1999 and had served
a number of positions, including Head of the Legal Department in 2000 and Head of the
Compliance Department in 2004. Prior to joining the Company, she served as a Lawyer in Paul
Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton and Garrison Beijing Office, C&C Law Office and held various positions
with other institutions in China, Australia and the United States from February 1980 to September
                                                                                                    127
1999. She served as a member of the Issuance Appraisal Committee of CSRC from January 2001 to
September 2003, member of the M&A Committee of the Issuance Appraisal Committee of CSRC
from March 2002 to February 2004 and member of the Disciplinary and Supervisory Committee of




                                                                                                    China International Capital Corporation Limited
SAC from February 2008 to February 2012. She has served as a Vice Chairman of the Compliance
Committee of the SAC from October 2009 to October 2017, member of the Compliance
Committee of the Securities Association of Beijing from December 2013 to February 2019, and
the Company’s representative of the exchange participants of the Shanghai Stock Exchange
and Shenzhen Stock Exchange from December 2012 to October 2016, from December 2012 to
September 2016, respectively. She has also been selected as an expert appraiser of the SAC for
innovative business of securities firms from January 2011 to January 2012. Ms. Yang obtained her
juris doctor degree from School of Law, University of Connecticut, the United States in May 1986,
LLM from Cornell University Law School, the United States, in May 1991, diploma from the Law
Extension Committee of Sydney University Law School, Australia, in May 1993, certificate from
the English Language Center, Beijing Institute of International Economics and Management (北
京國際經濟管理學院經濟英語培訓中心), in January 1981, and she graduated from the English
Department of Shanghai Institute of Foreign Languages (上海外國語學院英語系) in January
1980.
                                                  Directors, Supervisors,
                                                  Senior Management and Employees



                                                  III. CHANGES IN DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


2019 Annual Report
                                                     (i)   Change in Directors and Composition of the Special Committees of the Board
                                                           Mr. Shen Rujun was nominated by the Board as a candidate for the non-executive Director of the Company on June 24, 2019.
                                                           The term of office of Mr. Shen Rujun shall take effect from August 22, 2019 until the election of a new session of the Board at
                                                           the shareholders’ general meeting to be held by the Company, and Mr. Shen Rujun will be eligible for re-election upon expiry
                                                           of his term. In addition, as considered and approved by the Board, Mr. Shen Rujun has been appointed as the chairman of the
128                                                        Board, the chairman of the Strategy Committee and a member of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee on
                                                           the same date. Meanwhile, Mr. Bi Mingjian ceased to perform the duties of the chairman of the Board and the chairman of
                                                           the Strategy Committee. The aforesaid details of the change were disclosed in the announcements relating to the (proposed)
                                                           appointment of non-executive Director, chairman of the Board and chairman/member of the special committees of the




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                           Board dated June 24, 2019 and August 22, 2019 and the circular relating to the election of non-executive Director dated July
                                                           5, 2019 as published by the Company.

                                                           With the approval of the Company’s first extraordinary general meeting in 2020 held on February 28, 2020, the second
                                                           session of the Board of the Company was established. Mr. Shen Rujun, Mr. Huang Hao, Ms. Xiong Lianhua, Ms. Tan Lixia and
                                                           Mr. Duan Wenwu were appointed as the non-executive Directors of the Company; Mr. Huang Zhaohui was appointed as the
                                                           executive Director of the Company; Mr. Liu Li, Mr. Siu Wai Keung, Mr. Ben Shenglin and Mr. Peter Hugh Nolan were appointed
                                                           as the independent non-executive Directors of the Company. At the same time, Mr. Bi Mingjian ceased to be an executive
                                                           Director of the Company; Ms. Zhao Haiying, Mr. David Bonderman, Mr. Liu Haifeng David, Mr. Shi Jun and Mr. Cha Mou Daid
                                                           Johnson ceased to be non-executive Directors of the Company; and Mr. Edwin Roca Lim ceased to serve as an independent
                                                           non-executive Director of the Company. The term of office of the second session of the Board of Directors is three years from
                                                           February 28, 2020. Details of the foregoing changes were disclosed in the announcement dated December 30, 2019 relating
                                                           to, among other things, proposed election of new session of the Board of Directors and the circular dated January 3, 2020
                                                           relating to, among other things, election of new session of the Board of Directors as published by the Company.

                                                           On February 28, 2020, the Board of Directors elected Mr. Shen Rujun as the Chairman of the second session of the Board of
                                                           Directors of the Company. He will serve as the Chairman of Board of Directors for the same term of office as his service as the
                                                           Director. On the same day, after consideration and approval by the Board of Directors, the chairmen and compositions of the
                                                           special committees of the second session of the Board of Directors are as follows:

                                                           1.    The members of the Strategy Committee are Mr. Shen Rujun, Mr. Huang Zhaohui, Mr. Huang Hao, Ms. Xiong Lianhua,
                                                                 Ms. Tan Lixia, Mr. Duan Wenwu, and the chairman is Mr. Shen Rujun;

                                                           2.    The members of the Remuneration Committee are Ms. Tan Lixia, Mr. Siu Wai Keung, Mr. Ben Shenglin, Mr. Peter Hugh
                                                                 Nolan, and the chairman is Mr. Peter Hugh Nolan;

                                                           3.    The members of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee are Mr. Shen Rujun, Mr. Huang Hao, Mr. Liu Li,
                                                                 Mr. Ben Shenglin, Mr. Peter Hugh Nolan, and the chairman is Mr. Liu Li;

                                                           4.    The members of the Audit Committee are Mr. Huang Hao, Ms. Xiong Lianhua, Mr. Liu Li, Mr. Siu Wai Keung, Mr. Ben
                                                                 Shenglin, and the chairman is Mr. Siu Wai Keung;

                                                           5.    The members of the Risk Management Committee are Mr. Huang Zhaohui, Ms. Xiong Lianhua, Mr. Duan Wenwu, Mr.
                                                                 Liu Li, Mr. Siu Wai Keung, Mr. Ben Shenglin, and the chairman is Mr. Ben Shenglin.

                                                           The terms of office of the members of the special committees of the second session of the Board of Directors are the same as
                                                           those of their service as Directors. The aforesaid details of the change were disclosed in the announcement dated February
                                                           28, 2020 relating to, among other things, the election of the Chairman and members of the special committees of the Board
                                                           of Directors as published by the Company.
(ii) Change in Supervisors


                                                                                                                                  2019 Annual Report
    With the approval of the Company’s 2020 First Extraordinary General Meeting held on February 28, 2020, the second session
    of the Supervisory Committee of the Company was established. Mr. Jin Lizuo and Mr. Cui Zheng were appointed as the
    non-employee representative Supervisors of the Company, who jointly composed the second session of the Supervisory
    Committee of the Company together with Mr. Gao Tao, the employee representative Supervisor elected at the 2019 First
    Employees’ Representative Meeting of the Company. At the same time, Mr. Liu Haoling ceased to be a Supervisor of the
    Company. The term of office of the second session of the Supervisory Committee is three years from February 28, 2020.         129
    Details of the foregoing changes were disclosed in the announcement dated December 30, 2019 relating to, among other
    things, proposed election of new session of the Supervisory Committee and the circular dated January 3, 2020 relating to,




                                                                                                                                  China International Capital Corporation Limited
    among other things, election of new session of the Supervisory Committee as published by the Company.


    On February 28, 2020, the Supervisory Committee elected Mr. Gao Tao as the Chairman of the second session of the
    Supervisory Committee of the Company. He will serve as the Chairman of the Supervisory Committee for the same term
    of office as his service as employee representative Supervisor. The aforesaid details of the change were disclosed in the
    announcement relating to, among other things, the election of the Chairman of the Supervisory Committee dated February
    28, 2020 as published by the Company.


(iii) Change in Senior Management
    On December 30, 2019, Mr. Bi Mingjian resigned from the position of Chief Executive Officer of the Company and ceased
    to serve as chairman and member of the Management Committee. The Board of Directors considered and approved the
    appointment of Mr. Huang Zhaohui as Chief Executive Officer of the Company and chairman of the Management Committee,
    with effect from December 30, 2019. The details of the aforesaid change were disclosed in the announcement relating to,
    among other things, the change of Chief Executive Officer dated December 30, 2019 as published by the Company.


    The Board of Directors considered and approved to appoint Mr. Wang Sheng as a member of the Management Committee
    of the Company, with effect from March 30, 2020. On the same day, Mr. Wang Sheng ceased to serve as the Assistant
    President of the Company.


    The Board of Directors considered and approved to appoint Mr. Xu Yicheng as the Assistant President of the Company, with
    effect from March 30, 2020.


    The Board of Directors considered and approved to appoint Mr. Sun Nan as the Secretary to the Board of Directors and
    Joint Company Secretary of the Company, with effect from the date of filing of the appointment as Secretary to the Board
    of Directors with the securities regulatory authority. Once the appointment of Mr. Sun Nan as the Secretary to the Board of
    Directors and the Joint Company Secretary of the Company takes effect, Mr. Xu Yicheng will no longer serve as the Secretary
    to the Board of Directors and the Joint Company Secretary of the Company.


    Save from the above-mentioned changes, as at March 30, 2020, there has been no other change in Directors, Supervisors
    and senior management of our Company.
                                                  Directors, Supervisors,
                                                  Senior Management and Employees



                                                  IV. REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


2019 Annual Report
                                                     The Remuneration Committee is responsible for developing and implementing a performance evaluation system that is adaptive
                                                     to the changing market, a competitive remuneration policy, and reward and punishment measures that are linked to the operation
                                                     and performance of our Company, according to the characteristics of the financial and securities industries, the main scopes, duties
                                                     and importance of the positions of Directors and members of senior management, and the remuneration levels of the relevant
                                                     positions in comparable companies. The Remuneration Committee reviews and approves the management’s remuneration
130                                                  proposals with reference to the corporate goals and objectives formulated by the Board of Directors and makes recommendations
                                                     to the Board of Directors on our Company’s policy and structure for remuneration of all Directors and senior management and on
                                                     the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing remuneration policy. The Remuneration Committee carries




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                     out annual performance appraisals on the Directors and members of senior management and makes recommendations to the
                                                     Board of Directors on the remuneration packages of Directors and senior management (including non-monetary benefits, pension
                                                     rights and compensation payments (including any compensation payable for loss or termination of their office or appointment)).
                                                     The Remuneration Committee shall consider factors such as characteristics of the financial and securities industries, salaries paid by
                                                     comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities of the Directors and senior management, individual performance,
                                                     employment conditions elsewhere in our Company when considering remuneration packages.


                                                     The remuneration of the Directors and Supervisors is subject to approval by the Shareholders at general meetings whereas the
                                                     remuneration of members of senior management is subject to approval by the Board of Directors.


                                                     The remuneration (net of tax) our Directors and Supervisors have received (including fees, salaries, discretionary bonus,
                                                     contributions to defined contribution benefit plans (including pension), housing and other allowances, as well as other benefits in
                                                     kind) in 2019 was RMB13.4 million.


                                                     Please refer to “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 13 Directors’ and Supervisors’ Remuneration” of this report for
                                                     further details.


                                                     The aggregate amount of fees, salaries, discretionary bonus, contributions to defined contribution benefit plans (including pension),
                                                     housing and other allowances, as well as other benefits in kind paid to five highest paid individuals of our Company in 2019 was
                                                     RMB88.5 million.


                                                     Please refer to “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 14 Individuals with Highest Emoluments” of this report for further
                                                     details.
V. EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION


                                                                                                                                  2019 Annual Report
   Number and Composition of Employees
   As at December 31, 2019, we had 8,101 employees, among whom 7,443 employees were based in the Mainland China and 658
   employees were based in Hong Kong SAR, Singapore, the United States and the United Kingdom, representing 92% and 8%,
   respectively, of the total number of our employees. Approximately 43% and 42% of our employees had obtained bachelor’s
   degrees or master’s degrees and above, respectively. Moreover, approximately 26% of our employees and 47% of our managing
                                                                                                                                  131
   directors had overseas education or working experience. The breakdown details are as follows:


                                                                             The Group                     Our Company




                                                                                                                                  China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                      Number of       Percentage       Number of   Percentage
   Items                                                              employees       of total (%)     employees   of total (%)
   Business Functions       Investment banking                              1,019              13            901            27
                            Equities business                                 261                  3         165             5
                            FICC                                              453                  6         252             8
                            Wealth management                               4,064              50            717            22
                            Investment management                             658                  8         147             5
                            Research                                          170                  2         145             4
                            Middle and back offices                         1,476              18            957            29
                            Total                                           8,101             100          3,284           100


   Educational Background Doctors or above                                    127                  2          72             2
                            Masters                                         3,288              40          2,090            63
                            Bachelors                                       3,447              43          1,039            32
                            Associate degree and below                      1,239              15             83             3
                            Total                                           8,101             100          3,284           100
                                                  Directors, Supervisors,
                                                  Senior Management and Employees




2019 Annual Report
                                                                Profession Structure of Employees                           Educational Background of Employees

                                                            18%                                       13%                    15%                                    2%


                                                                                                      3%
                                                              2%                                      6%
                                                                                                                                                                    40%
132                                                          8%


                                                                                                                              43%




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                            50%


                                                                   Investment banking                                              Doctors or above
                                                                   Equities business                                               Masters
                                                                   FICC                                                            Bachelors
                                                                   Wealth management                                               Associate degree and below
                                                                   Investment management
                                                                   Research
                                                                   Middle and back offices




                                                    We consider that an outstanding and motivated talent pool is the foundation for our sustainable growth, and we have made
                                                    significant investment in human resources development. We recruit and cultivate talented professionals through a range of human
                                                    resources management tools, including a strict recruitment and selection process, a competitive remuneration structure, an
                                                    efficient performance evaluation system and long-term employee development schemes.
Remuneration of Employees


                                                                                                                                      2019 Annual Report
Consistent with market practice, the remuneration structure of our employees consists of basic salary, which is determined
according to the particular position, requirements of qualifications, working experience and market demand, and a bonus which
is determined according to the employee’s performance. We provide employees based in China with benefit plans required by
PRC laws and regulations, including pension insurance, medical insurance, workplace injury insurance, unemployment insurance,
maternity insurance and housing provident funds, and we also provide supplementary medical insurance for employees. A small
portion of our supporting employees are contracted through third-party employment agencies and we pay salaries and statutory          133
social welfare contributions for these employees. We provide employees of overseas offices with benefits in compliance with local
laws and regulations. Our Company encourages the employees to hold directly or indirectly, on a voluntary basis, the Shares of our




                                                                                                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited
Company on the premise that the requirements of applicable laws, regulations and other relevant regulatory authorities have been
complied with.


Training Plans
Our Company has adopted a comprehensive performance evaluation system to converge career development with our Company’s
development. We also provide various types of training programs for employees, including new employee orientation, professional
skills training, qualification training, management skills training and an executive development training program to improve their
skills. In addition, our Company also organized a number of thematic trainings for specific target audience during the Reporting
Period to promote the culture of risk awareness, enhance employees’ understanding of and compliance with applicable laws,
regulations, regulatory guidelines and internal policies.


Relationship with Employees
During the Reporting Period and up to the Latest Practicable Date, we had not experienced any labor strikes or other material labor
disputes of our employees that affected our operations. We have maintained good relationship with our employees.
                                                  Corporate Governance Report


                                                  I.    OVERVIEW OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


2019 Annual Report
                                                        As a premier China-based investment bank with international reach and a company incorporated in Mainland China and listed
                                                        in Hong Kong SAR, our Company has operated its business in strict compliance with the requirements of the laws, regulations
                                                        and regulatory documents issued in Mainland China and Hong Kong SAR. Our Company recognizes the importance of good
                                                        corporate governance and has established an open and transparent governance structure with checks and balances. Our Company
                                                        is of the view that upholding and attaining high standards of corporate governance differentiate us from other companies and
134                                                     foster well-built relationships with our shareholders. Our Company endeavors to maximize its shareholders’ value and ensures all
                                                        decisions of the Board are made on the principles of trust and fairness so as to protect the interests of shareholders as a whole. The
                                                        shareholders’ general meetings, Board meetings and meetings of the Supervisory Committee of our Company are convened in




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                        accordance with the Articles of Association and the relevant rules of procedures.


                                                        During the Reporting Period, save for Provision A.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code, our Company strictly complied with
                                                        the Corporate Governance Code, followed all code provisions and met the requirements of part of the recommended best
                                                        practices set out in the Corporate Governance Code. For details of Provision A.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code, please refer
                                                        to “－V. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer” in this section. As of the date of this report, the Company has complied with the
                                                        requirements under Provision A.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code.


                                                        The organization chart of our Company is set out in “Company Profile – II. Introduction to our Company – Corporate Organization
                                                        and Structure” in this report.


                                                  II.   SHAREHOLDERS AND GENERAL MEETINGS
                                                        (i)   Rights of Shareholders’ General Meetings and Shareholders
                                                              The shareholders’ general meeting is the body exercising the highest authority of our Company and shall exercise the duties
                                                              and powers in accordance with the laws, the Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedures of the Shareholders’ General
                                                              Meeting of CICC. Our Company convened the shareholders’ general meetings in strict compliance with the relevant rules
                                                              and procedures such that all shareholders are treated equally and can exercise their rights fully. During the Reporting Period,
                                                              our Company convened three shareholders’ general meetings in total.
(ii) Overview of Shareholders’ General Meetings


                                                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report
    During the Reporting Period, our Company convened three shareholders’ general meetings, the details and resolutions of
    which are as follows:


    1.       On May 28, 2019, the 2018 annual general meeting of our Company was convened and the following resolutions were
             considered and adopted: Proposal regarding the 2018 Work Report of the Board of Directors of the Company; Proposal
             regarding the 2018 Work Report of the Supervisory Committee of the Company; Proposal regarding the 2018 Annual              135
             Report of the Company; Proposal regarding the 2018 Profit Distribution Plan of the Company; Proposal regarding
             the Change of the Accounting Firms of the Company; Proposal regarding Grant of a General Mandate to the Board




                                                                                                                                         China International Capital Corporation Limited
             of Directors to Issue Shares; and Proposal regarding the Authorization on Issuances of Onshore and Offshore Debt
             Financing Instruments.


    2.       On August 22, 2019, the 2019 first extraordinary general meeting of the Company was convened, at which the
             Proposal regarding the Election of Mr. Shen Rujun as a Non-executive Director was considered and adopted.


    3.       On December 30, 2019, the 2019 second extraordinary general meeting of the Company was convened, and the
             following resolutions were considered and adopted: Proposal regarding the Amendment to the Articles of Association;
             and Proposal regarding the Further Amendment to the Articles of Association.


(iii) Attendance of the Directors at the Shareholders’ General Meetings
    During the Reporting Period, three shareholders’ general meetings were held and the attendance of the Directors at the
    shareholders’ general meetings is as follows:


                                                                                    Required attendance at       Actual attendance at
                                                                                      shareholders’ general      shareholders’ general
    Name of Directors                                                                               meetings                meetings
    Shen Rujun    Note 1
                                                                                                             1                      1
    Bi Mingjian                                                                                              3                      3
    Zhao Haiying                                                                                             3                      1
    David Bonderman                                                                                          3                      1
    Liu Haifeng David                                                                                        3                      2
    Shi Jun                                                                                                  3                      0
    Cha Mou Daid Johnson                                                                                     3                      2
    Edwin Roca Lim                                                                                           3                      2
    Liu Li                                                                                                   3                      2
    Siu Wai Keung                                                                                            3                      3
    Ben Shenglin                                                                                             3                      3


    Note 1 : Mr. Shen Rujun has served as the non-executive Director of the Company since August 22, 2019.
                                                  Corporate Governance Report




                                                  III. BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND PERFORMANCE OF DUTIES


2019 Annual Report
                                                     (i)   Duties of the Board of Directors and the Management
                                                           The Board exercises the powers and duties set out in the Articles of Association, and shall be accountable to the shareholders’
                                                           general meeting. The duties of the Board include but are not limited to being responsible for convening the shareholders’
                                                           general meetings and reporting its work thereto; implementing resolutions adopted at the shareholders’ general meetings;
                                                           deciding the business plans and investment programs of our Company; formulating profit distribution plans and loss
136                                                        recovery plans of our Company; making decisions on the establishment of our Company’s internal management bodies;
                                                           appointing or dismissing the senior management of our Company and deciding on matters concerning the remuneration of
                                                           the senior management; and other functions and powers prescribed by the relevant laws, regulations, securities regulatory
                                                           rules or the Articles of Association and authorized by the shareholders’ general meeting. The management of our Company is




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                           responsible for carrying out the resolutions or decisions of the Board and other duties specified in the Articles of Association.


                                                     (ii) Composition of the Board of Directors
                                                           Our Company strictly complies with the requirements under the Articles of Association and relevant rules in respect of the
                                                           appointment of the Directors. The Board meetings were convened in accordance with the Articles of Association and the
                                                           Rules of Procedures of the Board of Directors of CICC.


                                                           As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Board of our Company comprises eleven Directors, including one executive Director (Mr. Bi
                                                           Mingjian), six non-executive Directors (Mr. Shen Rujun, Ms. Zhao Haiying, Mr. David Bonderman, Mr. Liu Haifeng David, Mr. Shi Jun and
                                                           Mr. Cha Mou Daid Johnson) and four independent non-executive Directors (Mr. Edwin Roca Lim, Mr. Liu Li, Mr. Siu Wai Keung and
                                                           Mr. Ben Shenglin). None of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management is related to other Directors, Supervisors and members
                                                           of the senior management of our Company. For the details in the changes of Directors, please refer to “Directors, Supervisors, Senior
                                                           Management and Employees – III. Changes in Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” in this report.


                                                           Directors are elected by the shareholders’ general meeting to serve a term of three years and are eligible for re-election upon
                                                           the expiration of the term where the term of re-election shall not exceed six years for independent non-executive Directors.
                                                           Our Company has received the annual confirmation of independence from each of the independent non-executive
                                                           Directors pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. Our Company believes that each independent non-executive Director
                                                           is independent as specified in the Listing Rules. Independent non-executive Directors are able to exercise independent and
                                                           objective judgments and protect the interests of minority shareholders.


                                                           The biographies of all Directors are set out in “Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees – II. Biographies of
                                                           Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” in this report.


                                                     (iii) Meetings of the Board of Directors
                                                           During the Reporting Period, the Board of Directors convened seven meetings, and the details and resolutions passed are as follows:


                                                           1.    On January 29, 2019, the 34th meeting of the first session of the Board was convened and at the meeting: the Board
                                                                 heard the Report on the 2018 Performance Review and the Three-year Strategic Plan Objectives (2019-2021) of the
                                                                 Company; considered and adopted the Proposal regarding the 2018 Firm-wide Compensation of the Company;
                                                                 considered and adopted the Proposal regarding the 2019 Operating Plan of the Company; considered and
                                                                 adopted the Proposal regarding the Change of the Accounting Firms of the Company; considered and adopted the
                                                                 Proposal regarding Authorization for the Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors to Determine the 2018
                                                                 Compensation of the Senior Management; considered and adopted the Proposal regarding Adjustment of Internal
                                                                 Organization of the Company – establishment of CICC Institute; and heard the Report on FICC Business.
                                                                                                                                2019 Annual Report
2.   On March 29, 2019, the 35th meeting of the first session of the Board was convened and at the meeting: the Board
     heard the Report on Asset Management Business of the Company; considered and adopted the Proposal regarding
     the 2018 Work Report of the Board of Directors of the Company; considered and adopted the Proposal regarding the
     2018 Annual Report of the Company and the 2018 Annual Results Announcement of the Company; considered and
     adopted the Proposal regarding the 2018 Profit Distribution Plan of the Company; considered and adopted the Proposal
     regarding the Grant of a General Mandate by the Shareholders’ General Meeting to the Board of Directors to Issue Shares;
     considered and adopted the Proposal regarding the Authorization on Issuances of Onshore and Offshore Debt Financing
     Instruments by the Shareholders’ General Meeting to the Company; considered and adopted the Proposal regarding the
     2018 Compliance Report of the Company; considered and adopted the Proposal regarding the 2018 Internal Control             137
     Assessment Report of the Company; considered and adopted the Proposal regarding the 2018 Risk Assessment Report of
     the Company; considered and adopted the Proposal regarding Formulating the Risk Management System against Money




                                                                                                                                China International Capital Corporation Limited
     Laundering and Terrorism Financing; and considered and adopted the Proposal regarding General Authorization of
     Restructuring of Quasi-Publicly Offered Collective Investment Schemes Benchmarking to the Regulations of the Publicly
     Offering Funds; and considered and adopted the Proposal regarding the Request to Convene the 2018 Annual General
     Meeting of the Company.

3.   On April 22, 2019, the 36th meeting of the first session of the Board was convened and at the meeting: the Board
     considered and adopted the Proposal regarding Placing of New H Shares under General Mandate.

4.   On June 24, 2019, the 37th meeting of the first session of the Board was convened and at the meeting: the Board
     considered and adopted the Proposal regarding the Election of Non-executive Director; considered and adopted the
     Proposal regarding the Election of the Chairman of the Board, the Chairman of the Strategy Committee and a Member
     of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee, and considered and adopted the Proposal regarding the
     Request to Convene the 2019 First Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company.

5.   On August 23, 2019, the 38th meeting of the first session of the Board was convened and at the meeting: the Board
     considered and adopted the Proposal regarding the 2019 Interim Report and the 2019 Interim Results Announcement
     of the Company; considered and adopted the Proposal regarding the 2019 Operating Plan of the Company;
     considered and adopted the Proposal regarding Development of the Technology and Business Building; considered
     and adopted the Proposal regarding the Information Technology Management Policy of the Company; considered and
     adopted the Proposal regarding the Information Technology Strategy of the Company; considered and adopted the
     Proposal regarding Defining Management Objectives of the Professional Integrity of the Company and its Employees;
     heard the 2019 Interim Compliance Management Report of the Company; heard the 2019 Interim Risk Assessment
     Report of the Company; and heard the Report on Wealth Management Business of the Company.

6.   On November 12, 2019, the 39th meeting of the first session of the Board was convened and at the meeting: the
     Board considered and adopted the Proposal regarding the Amendment to the Articles of Association of the Company;
     considered and adopted the Proposal regarding the Amendment to Risk Management Policy of the Company;
     considered and adopted the Proposal regarding the Request to Convene the 2019 Second Extraordinary General
     Meeting of the Company; heard the Report on 2019 Q1-Q3 Performance Review; and heard the Report on the
     Investment Banking Business of the Company.

7.   On December 30, 2019, the 40th meeting of the first session of the Board was convened and at the meeting: the Board
     considered and adopted the Proposal regarding the Election of New Session of the Board of Directors; considered
     and adopted the Proposal regarding the Change of Chief Executive Officer of the Company; considered and adopted
     the Proposal regarding the Amendments to the Articles of Association of the Company; considered and adopted the
     Proposal regarding the Amendments to the Rules of Procedures of the Shareholders’ General Meeting; considered
     and adopted the Proposal regarding the Approval of Market-making Business of Exchange-Traded Equity Options;
     considered and adopted the Proposal regarding Changing the Title of Chief Technology Officer to Chief Information
     Officer; and considered and adopted the Proposal regarding the Request to Convene the 2020 First Extraordinary
     General Meeting of the Company.
                                                  Corporate Governance Report




                                                    (iv) Attendance of Directors at Board meetings


2019 Annual Report
                                                        During the Reporting Period, the Board of Directors convened seven meetings and the attendance of Directors at the Board
                                                        meetings is as follows:


                                                                                                                                       Required attendance at       Actual attendance at
                                                        Name of Directors                                                                       Board meetings          Board meetings
138                                                     Shen Rujun Note 1                                                                                       3                     3
                                                        Bi Mingjian                                                                                             7                     7
                                                        Zhao Haiying                                                                                            7                     7




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                        David Bonderman                                                                                         7                     6
                                                        Liu Haifeng David                                                                                       7                     7
                                                        Shi Jun                                                                                                 7                     7
                                                        Cha Mou Daid Johnson                                                                                    7                     7
                                                        Edwin Roca Lim                                                                                          7                     6
                                                        Liu Li                                                                                                  7                     7
                                                        Siu Wai Keung                                                                                           7                     7
                                                        Ben Shenglin                                                                                            7                     7


                                                        Note 1: Mr. Shen Rujun has served as the non-executive Director of the Company since August 22, 2019.

                                                    (v) Training for Directors
                                                        Our Company recognizes the importance of training and continuous professional development of the Directors to ensure
                                                        that the Directors are kept abreast of the latest developments of our Company and their responsibilities under the relevant
                                                        laws and regulations as well as our Company’s business and governance policies, so as to assist them in performing their
                                                        duties as Directors. In 2019, our Company arranged trainings for the Directors related to the duties and responsibilities as a
                                                        director of a company listed in Hong Kong in a variety of ways such as providing video training materials from time to time.
                                                        The training covered a broad range of topics including the latest amendments to the Listing Rules, the environmental, social
                                                        and governance report, anti-money laundering and countering financing of terrorism, etc..
IV. BOARD COMMITTEES AND PERFORMANCE OF DUTIES


                                                                                                                                                    2019 Annual Report
   In accordance with the relevant PRC laws and regulations, the Articles of Association and the corporate governance practice
   prescribed in the Listing Rules, our Company has established five Board Committees, namely, the Strategy Committee, the
   Remuneration Committee, the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee, the Audit Committee and the Risk Management
   Committee, to each of which certain responsibilities are delegated, so as to assist the Board in performing its duties from various
   aspects. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the composition of each Board Committee is listed as follows:
                                                                                                                                                    139
   Name of Committees                       Members of Committee
   Strategy Committee                       Shen Rujun (Chairman) Note 1, Bi Mingjian Note 1, Zhao Haiying, David Bonderman, Liu Haifeng




                                                                                                                                                    China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                            David, Shi Jun, Cha Mou Daid Johnson and Edwin Roca Lim


   Remuneration Committee                   Edwin Roca Lim (Chairman), Cha Mou Daid Johnson, Siu Wai Keung and Ben Shenglin


   Nomination and Corporate                 Liu Li (Chairman), Shen Rujun Note 1, Zhao Haiying, Edwin Roca Lim and Ben Shenglin
      Governance Committee


   Audit Committee                          Siu Wai Keung (Chairman), Shi Jun and Liu Li


   Risk Management Committee                Ben Shenglin (Chairman), Bi Mingjian, Shi Jun, Liu Li and Siu Wai Keung


  Note 1 : Mr. Shen Rujun has served as the non-executive Director, chairman of the Board, the chairman of the Strategy Committee and a member of
           the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee since August 22, 2019. Meanwhile, Mr. Bi Mingjian ceased to perform the duties of
           the chairman of the Board and the chairman of the Strategy Committee.

   (i)    Strategy Committee
          1.     Functions of the Committee
                 The primary duties of the Strategy Committee include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) conducting research
                 on our Company’s short-, medium- and long-term development strategies or other relevant issues; (ii) providing
                 suggestions for our Company’s long-term development strategies, major investments, reforms and other major
                 decisions; and (iii) performing other duties stipulated in laws, regulations and the Listing Rules and authorized by the
                 Board.
                                                  Corporate Governance Report




                                                       2.   Work Summaries and Meetings of the Committee



2019 Annual Report
                                                            In 2019, the Strategy Committee has convened one meeting. Details of the meeting of the Strategy Committee are set
                                                            out below:


                                                            On August 23, 2019, the 2019 first meeting of the Strategy Committee of the Board was held, at which the Strategy
                                                            Committee made a preliminary review of and agreed to submit the Proposal regarding the Information Technology
140                                                         Strategy of the Company to the Board for consideration.


                                                       3.   Attendance of Members of the Committee




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                                     Required attendance at          Actual attendance at
                                                            Name                                                                                     meetings                     meetings
                                                            Shen Rujun Note 1                                                                                  1                            1
                                                            Bi Mingjian   Note 1
                                                                                                                                                               1                            1
                                                            Zhao Haiying                                                                                       1                            1
                                                            David Bonderman                                                                                    1                            1
                                                            Liu Haifeng David                                                                                  1                            1
                                                            Shi Jun                                                                                            1                            1
                                                            Cha Mou Daid Johnson                                                                               1                            1
                                                            Edwin Roca Lim                                                                                     1                            1


                                                            Note 1: Mr. Shen Rujun has started to serve as the non-executive Director, the chairman of the Board, the chairman of the Strategy
                                                                    Committee and a member of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee since August 22, 2019, and Mr. Bi
                                                                    Mingjian ceased to perform the duties of the Chairman of the Board and the Chairman of the Strategy Committee since then.
(ii) Remuneration Committee


                                                                                                                                2019 Annual Report
    1.   Functions of the Committee
         The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) deliberating on
         the appraisal and remuneration management system for Directors and members of senior management and giving
         opinions; (ii) conducting appraisal of Directors and members of senior management and making recommendations;
         and (iii) performing other duties stipulated in laws, regulations and the Listing Rules and authorized by the Board.
                                                                                                                                141
         For details, please refer to the Terms of Reference of the Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors of CICC
         available on the websites of our Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.




                                                                                                                                China International Capital Corporation Limited
    2.   Work Summaries and Meetings of the Committee
         In 2019, the Remuneration Committee has convened four meetings. Details of the meetings of the Remuneration
         Committee are set out below:


         On January 28, 2019, the 2019 first meeting of the Remuneration Committee of the Board was held, at which the
         Remuneration Committee made a preliminary review of and agreed to submit the Proposal regarding the 2018 Firm-
         wide Compensation Pool to the Board for review.


         On March 7, 2019, the 2019 second meeting of the Remuneration Committee of the Board was held, at which the
         Remuneration Committee heard the Report on the 2018 Performance Review of the Senior Management of the
         Company and the Report on the 2019 Senior Management Work Plan of the Company.


         On March 8, 2019, the 2019 third meeting of the Remuneration Committee of the Board was held, at which the
         Remuneration Committee (i) heard the Report on the 2018 Compensation Market Trends, (ii) heard the Report on
         the 2018 Divisional Compensation Allocation Analysis of the Company, and (iii) considered and adopted the Proposal
         regarding the 2018 Compensation of the Senior Management of the Company.


         On August 22, 2019, the 2019 fourth meeting of the Remuneration Committee of the Board was held, at which the
         Remuneration Committee (i) heard the Inspection on the Proposal regarding Deferring Bonus of the Company, and (ii)
         heard the Interim Review on the 2019 Senior Management Work Plan of the Company.
                                                  Corporate Governance Report




                                                        3.   Attendance of Members of the Committee



2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                                                  Required attendance at        Actual attendance at
                                                             Name                                                                                meetings                    meetings
                                                             Edwin Roca Lim                                                                                4                          4
                                                             Cha Mou Daid Johnson                                                                          4                          4
                                                             Siu Wai Keung                                                                                 4                          4
142                                                          Ben Shenglin                                                                                  4                          4


                                                    (iii) Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                        1.   Functions of the Committee
                                                             The primary duties of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee include, but are not limited to, the
                                                             following: (i) deliberating on selection and appointment standards and procedures of Directors and members of senior
                                                             management and giving opinions, searching for qualified candidates of Directors and members of senior management
                                                             and reviewing the qualification criteria of the candidates for Directors and members of senior management and
                                                             making recommendations; (ii) promoting the formulation and enhancement of the corporate governance standards;
                                                             (iii) conducting appraisal of corporate governance structure and governance standards and making recommendations;
                                                             and (iv) performing other duties stipulated in laws, regulations and the Listing Rules and authorized by the Board. For
                                                             details, please refer to the Terms of Reference of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee under the
                                                             Board of Directors of CICC available on the websites of our Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


                                                             With respect to nomination for new Directors and re-election of Directors, our Company follows a considered and
                                                             transparent nomination policy. Under the nomination policy for Directors, the Nomination and Corporate Governance
                                                             Committee shall nominate suitable candidates to the Board for consideration and make recommendations to the
                                                             Shareholders regarding election and re-election of Directors. The nomination of Directors shall be made in accordance
                                                             with the nomination policy for Directors and all appointments of Directors will be merit-based with due regard for the
                                                             objective criteria (including gender, age, cultural and educational background, relevant or professional experience,
                                                             ethnicity, skills, knowledge, etc.) as set out under the Board of Directors Diversity Policy. The ultimate decision will be
                                                             made based on meritocracy and contribution that the selected candidates can bring to the Company and the Board.


                                                             The factors used as reference by the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee in assessing the suitability
                                                             of a proposed candidate include, but are not limited to, integrity and character; accomplishment and experience in
                                                             the financial services industry; professional qualifications, skills and knowledge that are relevant to our Company’s
                                                             business and corporate strategy; commitment in respect of available time; diversity; independent criteria as required
                                                             under the Listing Rules for candidates for independent non-executive Directors; etc.. These factors are not meant to be
                                                             exhaustive and decisive. The Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee has the discretion to nominate any
                                                             person, as it considers appropriate.
                                                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report
     In short, proposed candidates will be asked to submit the necessary personal information, together with their written
     consent to be appointed as a Director and to the public disclosure of their personal data on any documents or
     the relevant websites for the purpose of their standing for election as a Director. The Nomination and Corporate
     Governance Committee will review such information of the potential candidates and may request candidates to
     provide additional information and documents if it considers necessary. A meeting of Nomination and Corporate
     Governance Committee will be called for the members to discuss the credentials of the proposed candidates and
     assess their qualifications based on the factors set out above. The Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee
                                                                                                                                            143
     may also invite nominations of suitable candidates (if any) from the Board members for consideration by the
     Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee prior to its meeting. For filling a casual vacancy, the Nomination
     and Corporate Governance Committee shall make recommendations for the Board’s consideration and approval.




                                                                                                                                            China International Capital Corporation Limited
     For proposing candidates to stand for election and re-election at a general meeting, the Nomination and Corporate
     Governance Committee shall make nominations to the Board for its consideration and recommendation.


2.   Work Summaries and Meetings of the Committee
     In 2019, the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee has convened three meetings. Details of the meetings
     of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee are set out below:


     On June 17, 2019, the 2019 first meeting of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board was
     held, at which the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee made a preliminary review of and agreed to
     submit the Proposal regarding the Election of Non-executive Director to the Board for consideration.


     On November 12, 2019, the 2019 second meeting of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee of the
     Board was held, at which the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee heard and discussed the Report on
     the Composition of the Board and the Diversity of the Board Members of the Company.


     On December 27, 2019, the 2019 third meeting of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board
     was held, at which the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee made a preliminary review of and agreed
     to submit the following proposals to the Board for consideration: (i) the Proposal regarding Proposed Candidates for
     Members of the Second Session of the Board of Directors of the Company and (ii) the Proposal regarding the Change
     of Chief Executive Officer of the Company.


3.   Attendance of Members of the Committee
                                                                               Required attendance at          Actual attendance at
     Name                                                                                       meetings                     meetings
     Liu Li                                                                                               3                            3
     Shen Rujun Note 1                                                                                    2                            2
     Zhao Haiying                                                                                         3                            3
     Edwin Roca Lim                                                                                       3                            2
     Ben Shenglin                                                                                         3                            3


     Note 1:   Mr. Shen Rujun has started to serve as the chairman of the Board, the non-executive Director, the chairman of the Strategy
               Committee and a member of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee since August 22, 2019.
                                                  Corporate Governance Report




                                                    (iv) Audit Committee


2019 Annual Report
                                                        1.   Functions of the Committee
                                                             The primary duties of the Audit Committee include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) supervising annual
                                                             audit work, making judgment on the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of audited financial information and
                                                             submitting the same to our Board for consideration; (ii) proposing engagement or replacement of external audit firm
                                                             and supervising the practice of external audit firm; (iii) being responsible for communication between internal and
144
                                                             external auditors; and (iv) performing other duties stipulated in laws, regulations and the Listing Rules and authorized
                                                             by the Board. For details, please refer to the Terms of Reference of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of
                                                             the Company available on the websites of our Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                        2.   Work Summaries and Meetings of the Committee
                                                             In 2019, the Audit Committee has convened seven meetings. Details of the meetings of the Audit Committee are set
                                                             out below:


                                                             On January 8, 2019, the 2019 first meeting of the Audit Committee of the Board was held, at which the Audit
                                                             Committee made a preliminary review of and agreed to submit the Proposal regarding the Change of the Accounting
                                                             Firms of the Company to the Board for consideration.


                                                             On March 27, 2019, the 2019 second meeting of the Audit Committee of the Board was held, at which the Audit
                                                             Committee (i) heard the report on the progress of the internal control of CISC, (ii) considered and adopted the
                                                             Proposal regarding the 2018 Audit Report of the Company, (iii) made a preliminary review of and agreed to submit
                                                             the Proposal regarding the 2018 Annual Report and the 2018 Annual Results Announcement of the Company to the
                                                             Board for review, (iv) made a preliminary review of and agreed to submit the Proposal regarding the 2018 Internal
                                                             Control Assessment Report of the Company to the Board for consideration, (v) considered and adopted the Proposal
                                                             regarding the 2018 Report on the Effectiveness Evaluation of the Internal Control, Comprehensive Risk Management
                                                             and Compliance Work of the Company, (vi) considered and adopted the Proposal regarding the Proposal regarding
                                                             the 2018 Work Report of the Internal Audit Department of the Company, (vii) heard the Work Report from January to
                                                             February 2019 of the Internal Audit Department of the Company, and (viii) heard the Report on the Progress of transfer
                                                             work between the retired and proposed accounting firms.


                                                             On May 8, 2019, the 2019 third meeting of the Audit Committee of the Board was held, at which the Audit Committee
                                                             considered and adopted the Proposal regarding Results Announcement for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2019
                                                             of the Company.


                                                             On May 27, 2019, the 2019 fourth meeting of the Audit Committee of the Board was held, at which the Audit
                                                             Committee (i) considered and adopted the Proposal regarding the Review Schedule for 2019 Interim Financial
                                                             Statements of the Company, and (ii) heard the Work Report from March to April 2019 of the Internal Audit Department
                                                             of the Company.


                                                             On August 21, 2019, the 2019 fifth meeting of the Audit Committee of the Board was held, at which the Audit
                                                             Committee (i) made a preliminary review of and agreed to submit the Proposal regarding the 2019 Interim Report and
                                                             the 2019 Interim Results Announcement of the Company to the Board for review, and (ii) heard the Work Report from
                                                             May to July 2019 of the Internal Audit Department of the Company.
                                                                                                                                    2019 Annual Report
        On November 11, 2019, the 2019 sixth meeting of the Audit Committee of the Board was held, at which the Audit
        Committee (i) considered and adopted the Proposal regarding the 2019 Audit Plan of the Company, (ii) considered
        and adopted the Proposal regarding the 2020 Work Plan of Internal Audit Department of the Company, (iii) heard the
        2019 Report on the Progress of the Effectiveness Evaluation of the Internal Control, Comprehensive Risk Management
        and Compliance Management of the Company, and (iv) heard the Work Report from August to October 2019 of the
        Internal Audit Department of the Company.

                                                                                                                                    145
        On November 18, 2019, the 2019 seventh meeting of the Audit Committee of the Board was held, at which the Audit
        Committee considered and adopted the Proposal regarding Results Announcement for the Nine Months Ended
        September 30, 2019 of the Company.




                                                                                                                                    China International Capital Corporation Limited
   3.   Attendance of Members of the Committee
                                                                           Required attendance at        Actual attendance at
        Name                                                                            meetings                    meetings
        Siu Wai Keung                                                                               7                          7
        Shi Jun                                                                                     7                          6
        Liu Li                                                                                      7                          7


(v) Risk Management Committee
   1.   Functions of the Committee
        The primary duties of the Risk Management Committee include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) considering
        and making recommendations on the overall goals and policies for compliance management and risk management;
        (ii) considering and making recommendations on the establishment and duties of compliance management and risk
        management organizations; (iii) evaluating and making recommendations on the risks of important decisions and
        solutions for significant risks requiring consideration of the Board; (iv) reviewing and making recommendations on
        compliance reports and risk assessment reports requiring consideration of the Board; and (v) performing other duties
        stipulated in laws, regulations and the Listing Rules and authorized by the Board. For details, please refer to the Terms
        of Reference of the Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors of CICC available on the websites of our
        Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


   2.   Work Summaries and Meetings of the Committee
        In 2019, the Risk Management Committee has convened four meetings. Details of the meetings of the Risk
        Management Committee are set out below:


        On March 27, 2019, the 2019 first meeting of the Risk Management Committee of the Board was held, at which the
        Risk Management Committee made a preliminary review of and agreed to submit the following proposals to the Board
        for review: (i) the Proposal regarding the 2018 Compliance Report of the Company, (ii) the Proposal regarding the 2018
        Risk Assessment Report of the Company, and (iii) the Proposal regarding the formulating the Risk Management System
        of Money Laundering and Financing of Terrorism of the Company.


        On May 27, 2019, the 2019 second meeting of the Risk Management Committee of the Board was held, at which the
        Risk Management Committee (i) considered and adopted the Proposal regarding the 2019 First Quarter Compliance
        Management Report of the Company, and (ii) considered and adopted the Proposal regarding the 2019 First Quarter
        Risk Assessment Report of the Company.
                                                  Corporate Governance Report




2019 Annual Report
                                                                 On August 21, 2019, the 2019 third meeting of the Risk Management Committee of the Board was held, at which
                                                                 the Risk Management Committee (i) considered and adopted the Proposal regarding the 2019 Interim Compliance
                                                                 Management Report of the Company, and (ii) considered and adopted the Proposal regarding the 2019 Interim Risk
                                                                 Assessment Report of the Company.


                                                                 On November 11, 2019, the 2019 fourth meeting of the Risk Management Committee of the Board was held, at
                                                                 which the Risk Management Committee (i) considered and adopted the Proposal regarding the 2019 Third Quarter
146                                                              Compliance Management Report of the Company, (ii) considered and adopted the Proposal regarding the 2019 Third
                                                                 Quarter Risk Assessment Report of the Company, and (iii) made a preliminary review of and agreed to submit the
                                                                 Proposal regarding Amendments to the Risk Management Policy of the Company to the Board for review.




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                           3.    Attendance of Members of the Committee
                                                                                                                                      Required attendance at          Actual attendance at
                                                                 Name                                                                                 meetings                   meetings
                                                                 Ben Shenglin                                                                                     4                     4
                                                                 Bi Mingjian                                                                                      4                     4
                                                                 Shi Jun                                                                                          4                     4
                                                                 Liu Li                                                                                           4                     4
                                                                 Siu Wai Keung                                                                                    4                     4


                                                  V. CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
                                                     Mr. Ding Xuedong has resigned from the office of the Chairman of the Board and legal representative of the Company due to work
                                                     rearrangement, with effect from February 27, 2017. As approved by the Board, Mr. Bi Mingjian, the executive Director and Chief
                                                     Executive Officer, has started to perform the duties of the Chairman of the Board and legal representative since March 1, 2017 and
                                                     till the new Chairman of the Board is elected (hereinafter referred to as the “Transitional Arrangement”).


                                                     Although the aforesaid Transitional Arrangement deviates from the requirements of Provision A.2.1 of the CG Code, in order
                                                     to avoid any disruption to the operation of the Board and the daily operation of the Company, the Board considers that the
                                                     Transitional Arrangement is appropriate until the nomination and election of the candidate for the Chairman of the Board is
                                                     completed, and that such arrangement will not undermine the balance of power and authority between the Board and the
                                                     management of the Company. Given that (i) the nomination and election of the candidate for the Chairman of the Board require
                                                     a certain period of time and is subject to statutory procedures; (ii) Mr. Bi Mingjian has approximately 30 years of experience in the
                                                     financial industry and has participated in the establishment of our Company and has an in-depth understanding of the operation,
                                                     management and culture of the Company; (iii) Board resolutions are required to be approved by at least a majority of the
                                                     Directors while Mr. Bi Mingjian is the only executive Director among the Board members and two-fifth of the Board members are
                                                     independent non-executive Directors, there is sufficient balance of power; and (iv) the strategies, business, operation, finance and
                                                     other material aspects of the Company are decided collectively by the Board and the management, including but not limited to
                                                     the Strategy Committee, the Audit Committee and the Management Committee, upon discussion.


                                                     Mr. Shen Rujun was nominated by the Board as a candidate for the non-executive Director of the Company on June 24, 2019.
                                                     The term of office of Mr. Shen Rujun shall take effect from August 22, 2019. In addition, as considered and approved by the Board,
                                                     Mr. Shen Rujun has been appointed as the chairman of the Board, the chairman of the Strategy Committee and a member of the
                                                     Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee on the same date. Meanwhile, Mr. Bi Mingjian ceased to perform the duties
                                                     of the chairman of the Board and the chairman of the Strategy Committee. The details of the aforesaid change were disclosed in
                                                                                                                                              2019 Annual Report
   the announcements relating to the appointment of non-executive Director, chairman of the Board and chairman/member of the
   special committees of the Board dated June 24, 2019 and August 22, 2019 and the circular relating to the election of non-executive
   Director dated July 5, 2019 as published by the Company.


   As of the date of this report, the Company has complied with the requirements under Provision A.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code.


   For the details in the change of Directors, please refer to “Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees – III. Changes
                                                                                                                                              147
   in Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” in this report.


VI. SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE AND PERFORMANCE OF DUTIES




                                                                                                                                              China International Capital Corporation Limited
   (i)   Powers and Duties of the Supervisory Committee
         The Supervisory Committee is the supervisory body of our Company and is accountable to the shareholders’ general meeting. The
         powers and duties of the Supervisory Committee include but are not limited to reviewing financial reports and profits distribution
         plans to be submitted by the Board at the shareholders’ general meeting; examining the financial affairs of our Company;
         supervising the performance of duties by the Directors and senior management; and other duties and powers prescribed by
         relevant regulations and the Articles of Association or authorized by shareholders’ general meetings. The Supervisory Committee is
         also entitled to engage professional institutions such as accounting firms and law firms to assist its work when necessary.

         The Supervisory Committee strictly complied with the relevant laws and regulations and the Articles of Association, lawfully
         and diligently performed its duties, observed the relevant procedures, attended all on-site Board meetings, shareholders’
         general meetings and most of the regular meetings of the management and on-site meetings of the special committees of
         the Board of the Company held during the Reporting Period.

   (ii) Composition of the Supervisory Committee
         Our Company strictly complied with the Articles of Association and relevant rules in respect of the appointment of the
         Supervisors. The meetings of the Supervisory Committee shall be held in accordance with the Articles of Association and the
         Rules of Procedures of the Supervisory Committee of CICC. As at the end of the Reporting Period, our Company’s Supervisory
         Committee comprised three Supervisors, including one employee representative Supervisor (Mr. Gao Tao) and two non-
         employee representative Supervisors (Mr. Liu Haoling and Mr. Jin Lizuo). For the details in the changes of Supervisors,
         please refer to “Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees – III. Changes in Directors, Supervisors and Senior
         Management” in this report.

         Biographies of all the Supervisors are set out in “Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees – II. Biographies
         of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” in this report.

   (iii) Meetings of the Supervisory Committee
         During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee convened four formal meetings, the details of which are as follows:

         On March 29, 2019, the fourteenth meeting of the first session of the Supervisory Committee was convened and at the
         meeting: the Supervisory Committee heard the Report on the 2018 Work Summary and 2019 Work Plan of the Supervisory
         Committee of the Company; and considered and adopted: the Proposal regarding the 2018 Work Report of the Supervisory
         Committee of the Company; the Proposal regarding the 2018 Annual Report and the 2018 Annual Results Announcement
         of the Company; the Proposal regarding the 2018 Profit Distribution Plan of the Company; the Proposal regarding the 2018
         Compliance Report of the Company; the Proposal regarding the 2018 Internal Control Assessment Report of the Company;
         the Proposal regarding the 2018 Risk Assessment Report of the Company; and heard the Report on the Formulation of Risk
         Management Policies against Money Laundering and Terrorism Financing.
                                                  Corporate Governance Report




2019 Annual Report
                                                           On August 23, 2019, the fifteenth meeting of the first session of the Supervisory Committee was convened and at the
                                                           meeting: the Supervisory Committee considered and adopted the Proposal regarding the 2019 Interim Report and the 2019
                                                           Interim Results Announcement of the Company; heard the Report on the 2019 Interim Compliance Management Report of
                                                           the Company; and heard the Report on the 2019 Interim Risk Assessment Report of the Company.

                                                           On November 12, 2019, the sixteenth meeting of the first session of the Supervisory Committee was convened and at the
                                                           meeting: the Supervisory Committee heard the Report on the 2019 Third Quarter Compliance Management Report of the
                                                           Company and the Report on the 2019 Third Quarter Risk Assessment Report of the Company.
148

                                                           On December 30, 2019, the seventeenth meeting of the first session of the Supervisory Committee was convened and at
                                                           the meeting: the Supervisory Committee considered and adopted the Proposal regarding the Election of New Session of the




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                           Supervisory Committee.

                                                     (iv) Attendance of Supervisors at the Meetings of the Supervisory Committee
                                                           During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee convened four meetings, the Supervisors’ attendance of which is as
                                                           follows:

                                                                                                                                    Required Attendance at
                                                           Name of Supervisor                                                                    Meetings           Actual Attendance
                                                           Gao Tao                                                                                          4                          4
                                                           Liu Haoling                                                                                      4                          4
                                                           Jin Lizuo                                                                                        4                          4


                                                  VII. OTHER RELEVANT MATTERS
                                                     (i)   Rights of Shareholders
                                                           Our Company convenes and holds shareholders’ general meetings according to the Articles of Association and the Rules of
                                                           Procedures of the Shareholders’ General Meeting of CICC to guarantee all Shareholders enjoy equal rights and can exercise
                                                           their rights fully and transparently. The Directors, Supervisors and the senior management of the Company shall attend the
                                                           shareholders’ general meeting and answer the questions raised by the Shareholders.

                                                     (ii) Compliance with the Model Code for Securities Transactions
                                                           Our Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding Directors’ securities transactions on terms no less exacting than
                                                           the required standard set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions. Our Company has made specific enquiries to all
                                                           Directors and Supervisors concerning their compliance with the Model Code. All Directors and Supervisors confirmed that
                                                           they had strictly observed all standards set out in our Company’s code of conduct regarding Directors’ securities transactions
                                                           during the Reporting Period.

                                                     (iii) Responsibilities of Directors for the Financial Statements
                                                           The following responsibility statement of Directors regarding the financial statements shall be read in conjunction with
                                                           the responsibility statement of the independent auditor included in the independent auditor’s report. Each responsibility
                                                           statement shall be interpreted separately.

                                                           All Directors acknowledge and confirm their responsibilities of preparing the financial statements which truly reflect the
                                                           business and operating results of our Company for each financial year. To the best knowledge of all Directors, there are no
                                                           events or situations which may cause any material adverse impact on the ongoing operations of our Company.
(iv) Appointment and Remuneration of Auditing Firm


                                                                                                                                     2019 Annual Report
    Change in the accounting firm appointed during the Reporting Period: Yes.

    The shareholders of the Company have approved at the annual general meeting the non-renewal of the appointment of
    KPMG Huazhen LLP and KPMG (together “KPMG”) as the domestic accounting firm and international accounting firm of the
    Company respectively, and the appointment of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte
    Touche Tohmatsu as the domestic accounting firm and international accounting firm respectively, for the year of 2019,
    with effect from May 28, 2019. To the best of the Company’s knowledge and as confirmed by KPMG, there are no matters             149
    regarding the retirement of KPMG as the domestic and international accounting firms of the Company that need to be
    brought to the attention of the shareholders and investors of the Company, and there are no disagreements or unresolved
    matters between the Company and KPMG, in relation to the change of accounting firms.




                                                                                                                                     China International Capital Corporation Limited
    The Company continues to appoint KPMG Huazhen LLP to perform the agreed-upon procedure over the financial statements
    for the three months ended March 31, 2019 to the Company as the transitional arrangement for change of accounting firms.


    Remuneration for accounting firms: Our Company has agreed on the payment of RMB5.10 million to Deloitte Touche
    Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as fees for the auditing of the statutory financial
    statements, the reviewing of the interim financial statements and performing the agreed-upon procedures over quarterly
    financial statements for 2019.


(v) Review by Audit Committee
    The Audit Committee has reviewed the 2019 consolidated financial statements of our Company


(vi) Joint Company Secretaries
    Mr. Xu Yicheng, the Secretary to the Board and the Joint Company Secretary of our Company, is responsible for making
    recommendations and proposals to the Board on issues related to corporate governance, and ensuring that Board policies
    and procedures as well as applicable laws, rules and regulations are strictly followed. In order to maintain sound corporate
    governance and to ensure compliance with the Listing Rules and applicable Hong Kong laws, Mr. Zhou Jiaxing, a managing
    director of the legal and compliance department of our Company, has previously been appointed, and will continue to be
    the other Joint Company Secretary, to assist Mr. Xu Yicheng in discharging the duties of a company secretary.


    Both Mr. Xu Yicheng and Mr. Zhou Jiaxing have confirmed that they received not less than 15 hours of relevant professional
    training during the year ended December 31, 2019.


    On March 30, 2020, due to work rearrangement of Mr. Xu Yicheng, the Board resolved to appoint Mr. Sun Nan as the
    Secretary to the Board of Directors and Joint Company Secretary of the Company. The term of office of Mr. Sun Nan shall take
    effect from the date of filing of the appointment as Secretary to the Board of Directors with securities regulatory authority.
    Once the appointment of Mr. Sun Nan as the Secretary to the Board and Joint Company Secretary of the Company takes
    effect, Mr. Xu Yicheng will no longer hold these positions.
                                                  Corporate Governance Report




                                                    (vii) Communication with Shareholders


2019 Annual Report
                                                         The shareholders’ general meeting is the body exercising the authority of our Company and shall exercise the duties and
                                                         powers in accordance with the law, the Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedures of the shareholders’ general
                                                         meeting of the Company. The rights of the Shareholders are clearly specified in the Articles of Association. Our Company
                                                         convened the shareholders’ general meetings in strict compliance with the relevant rules and procedures such that all
                                                         Shareholders are treated equally and can exercise their rights fully.
150
                                                         The shareholders’ general meeting provides opportunities of constructive communications between our Company and our
                                                         Shareholders. Shareholders are encouraged to attend the shareholders’ general meetings in person, or if they fail to attend such




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                         meetings, they can appoint proxies to attend and vote at the meetings for and on their behalves. Our Company highly values
                                                         the opinions, suggestions and concerns of the Shareholders and has assigned dedicated persons to proactively carry out various
                                                         types of investor relation activities to keep in contact with the Shareholders and timely meet their reasonable demands.


                                                         Our Company’s website (www.cicc.com) provides the Shareholders with Group information, such as major business activities
                                                         and the latest developments of the Group, the Group’s corporate governance, the structure and functions of the Board and
                                                         each of the committees of our Company. To serve as a channel promoting effective communication with the Shareholders,
                                                         our Company also publishes announcements, circulars, notices of the shareholders’ general meeting, financial data and
                                                         other information of our Company required to be disclosed under the Listing Rules from time to time through the “Investor
                                                         Relations” section on our Company’s website. Shareholders are encouraged to make enquiries by phone or email or write
                                                         directly to the office address of our Company, which will be dealt with appropriately in a timely manner. Please refer to
                                                         “Company Profile – I. Company Overview” of this report for the contact details.


                                                         Our Company welcomes all Shareholders to attend shareholders’ general meetings and makes appropriate arrangement
                                                         for the shareholders’ general meetings to encourage Shareholders’ participation. Our Company’s Directors, Supervisors and
                                                         senior management will attend the shareholders’ general meetings, and shall also ensure that the external auditors will
                                                         attend annual general meetings to answer the relevant questions raised by the Shareholders.


                                                         The Shareholders may propose to convene an extraordinary general meeting or shareholders’ class meeting or put forward
                                                         proposals pursuant to the Articles of Association. The Shareholders may attend and vote at the shareholders’ general
                                                         meetings in person or by proxy. The resolutions and the attendance records signed by the attending Shareholders and
                                                         instruments of proxy shall be kept at our Company’s principal address. The Shareholders may inspect the copy of the
                                                         resolutions of the meetings during our Company’s business hours free of charge. The Articles of Association is set out on the
                                                         websites of our Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


                                                         Our Company shall arrange the Directors, Supervisors and senior management to answer the questions raised by the
                                                         Shareholders during the 2019 annual general meeting. Detailed procedures of voting and resolutions to be voted by way of
                                                         poll will be contained in the circular to be dispatched to the Shareholders.


                                                    (viii) Investor Relations
                                                         Our Company emphasizes on the importance of protecting the interests of investors and endeavors to provide
                                                         comprehensive and effective investor relations services. Our Company has actively performed the duties of a listed company.
                                                         We have established an investor relations service and management system, formed an investor relations service team led
                                                         by the Secretary to the Board of Directors, set up a hotline and mail box for investor relations services and set up an investor
                                                         relations sector on the official website of our Company, to ensure the true, effective and timely communication of corporate
                                                         information to investors, endeavoring to safeguard the interests of Shareholders and ensure their rights to information.
                                                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report
    In 2019, our Company actively received visits from domestic and overseas institutional investors and analysts, organized
    various forms of investor and analyst exchanges, communicated with investors and analysts for more than 300 person times,
    and participated in more than 115 times of the group/one-to-one telephone/video conference with investors and analysts,
    effectively enhancing the investor’s understanding of our Group’s strategic layout and growth prospects; continuously
    upgraded and improved the investor relations sector on the official website of our Company so that investors could be kept
    updated of the latest strategic layout and business developments of our Group comprehensively.


    On May 28, 2019, the Company held the Annual General Meeting; on August 22, 2019, the Company held the 2019 First                   151
    Extraordinary General Meeting; on December 30, 2019, the Company held the 2019 Second Extraordinary General Meeting,
    during which Directors, Supervisors and senior management of our Company attended and answered questions from




                                                                                                                                        China International Capital Corporation Limited
    investors. In conjunction with the announcement of the annual and interim reports, the Company held the 2018 annual
    result press conference and analysts’ conference, conducted 2018 Annual Report and 2019 Interim Results Roadshow in
    Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Hong Kong, Singapore, etc. and participated in the Company’s Investment Forum and the
    Corporate Day activities in New York.


(ix) Board of Directors Diversity Policy
    The Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee has adopted a Board of Directors Diversity Policy concerning the
    diversity of Board members pursuant to Provision A.5.6 of the Corporate Governance Code. Our Company sees increasing
    diversity at the Board level as an essential element in supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives and sustainable
    development. In designing the composition of the Board, diversity of the Board members has been considered from a
    number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural, educational background, professional experience
    and other factors. All appointments of the Board will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against
    objective criteria with due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. Selection of candidates will be based on a
    range of diversity perspectives, the ultimate decision will be made based on meritocracy and contribution that the selected
    candidates can bring to the Board. The composition of the Board will be disclosed in the Corporate Governance Report
    annually. For further details about the Board of Directors Diversity Policy, please refer to Appendix I to the Terms of Reference
    of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors of our Company, which has been
    published on the websites of our Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


    The Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee annually reviews and monitors the implementation of the Board
    of Directors Diversity Policy to ensure its effectiveness. The Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee heard and
    discussed about the Report on the Composition of the Board and the Diversity of the Board Members of the Company on
    November 12, 2019 and no revision was needed out of the diversity considerations.


(x) Amendments to the Articles of Association
    On October 24, 2019, the Company has successfully allotted and issued an aggregate of 176,000,000 new H Shares to no
    fewer than six professional, institutional and/or individual investors which are not connected parties or connected persons of
    the Company. In order to reflect the corresponding change in the registered capital of the Company as a result thereof, the
    Board of the Company has amended the corresponding provisions of the Articles of Association relating to share capital and
    shareholdings under the mandate approved at the 2018 annual general meeting held on May 28, 2019. Such amendments
    took effect on October 24, 2019. Moreover, the Company amended the Articles of Association for the purpose of establishing
    an information technology subsidiary, and the article regarding the business scope of subsidiaries of the Company has been
    amended accordingly. Meanwhile, in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations including the Company Law of the
    People’s Republic of China, drawing reference from market precedents and taking into account the actual conditions of the
    Company, a new article relating to establishing the organization of the Communist Party of China is added as Article 9 in
                                                  Corporate Governance Report




2019 Annual Report
                                                        the Articles of Association. Such amendments has been considered and approved by the Shareholders at the 2019 Second
                                                        EGM on December 30, 2019. In addition, according to the Company Law, the Reply of the State Council on the Adjustment
                                                        of the Notice Period of the General Meeting and Other Matters Applicable to the Overseas Listed Companies (Guo Han
                                                        [2019] No. 97) (《國務院關於調整適用在境外上市公司召開股東大會通知期限等事項規定的批復》(國函[2019]97號)),
                                                        the Provisions on the Administration of Equities of Securities Companies (《證券公司股權管理規定》), the Measures for
                                                        Administration of Information Technology Management of Securities Fund Trading Institutions (《證券基金經營機構信息
                                                        技術管理辦法》) and other relevant laws and regulations and regulatory provisions, based on the actual conditions of the
152                                                     Company, the Company adjusted the current procedures for notice of shareholders’ general meetings and other contents
                                                        under the Articles of Association and added relevant contents including equity administration of securities companies and
                                                        duties of the Chief Information Officer to the Articles of Association. Such amendments have been considered and approved




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                        by the Shareholders at the 2020 First EGM on February 28, 2020.

                                                    (xi) Internal Control
                                                        1.    Establishment of the Internal Control System
                                                              Our Company has been emphasizing on building a corporate internal control system since its establishment. Our Company’s
                                                              corporate internal control system has been gradually taking shape and enhanced in compliance with the PRC requirements
                                                              of the “Guidelines for Internal Control of Securities Companies” and the “Basic Norms of Internal Control for Enterprises”, and
                                                              has taken the development of internal control throughout the operational development of our Company.

                                                              As of the end of the Reporting Period, our Company has established an internal control system suitable for its business
                                                              nature, scale and complexity, and has achieved results in ensuring the legality of operations, the safety of assets and
                                                              the authenticity and completeness of financial reports and relevant information, and improving operational efficiency
                                                              and effectiveness.


                                                        2.    Major Characteristics of the Internal Control System
                                                              Our Company has established a reasonable, effective and balanced internal control system, with clear division of
                                                              work among the Board of Directors, the Supervisory Committee, the Management, functional departments, business
                                                              departments and their branches within the structure of the entire internal control system and their duties and
                                                              responsibilities are as follows:


                                                              •     The Board of Directors is responsible for the sound establishment and effective implementation of internal
                                                                    control. The Board has established the Audit Committee which is responsible for reviewing the internal control
                                                                    of our Company, supervising the effective implementation of internal control and conducting self-evaluation on
                                                                    internal control, coordinating internal control audits and other relevant matters.


                                                              •     The Supervisory Committee supervises the establishment and implementation of internal control by the Board.


                                                              •     The management is responsible for organizing and steering the daily operation of the internal control of our Company.


                                                              •     Each of the business departments and their branches will formulate and implement its business policy,
                                                                    internal process and control. Our Company requires all employees who participate in business operations to
                                                                    comply with the policies and processes in the ordinary course of business. Each of the business departments
                                                                    will conduct self-evaluation and assessment on the specific internal control procedures and measures for its
                                                                    scope of business, and will be responsible for reporting deficiencies of the internal control procedures to the
                                                                    management of our Company.
                                                                                                                                2019 Annual Report
     •     The internal audit department is independent of the business departments of our Company and will report
           directly to the Audit Committee of the Board. The internal audit department will conduct reviews, appraisals,
           make reports and recommendations, independently and objectively, on the overall internal control environment,
           the design and implementation of the internal control measures and risk assessment measures in various
           business departments of our Company on a regular basis, in order to prevent risks, enhance the internal control
           standards and utilize resources properly and effectively.


     •     The functional departments participating in the internal control system including the Risk Management                153
           Department, Legal and Compliance Department and other middle and back office departments, will actively
           manage market risk, credit risk, operational risk, liquidity risk, compliance risk and legal risk faced by our
           Company’s businesses and identify risks in the implementation of internal control and make recommendations




                                                                                                                                China International Capital Corporation Limited
           to improve internal control deficiencies.


3.   Procedures for Evaluating the Effectiveness of the Internal Monitoring System and Rectifying
     Material Internal Control Deficiencies
     Our Company has established an internal audit department which is independent of other departments in our
     Company and report directly to the Audit Committee of the Board. The internal audit department will conduct reviews,
     appraisals, make reports and recommendations independently on risk management and the adequacy of the design
     and the effectiveness of the implementation of internal control for various business lines. For issues discovered during
     internal audits, the internal audit department will formulate improvement measures jointly with various departments
     and on a regular basis will assist the management in following up on the issues which are discovered in the audits and
     require improvement and on the implementation progress of improvement measures. As for continuing connected
     transactions of the Company, the Company implements a complete series of internal control measures to ensure legal
     compliance, while the internal audit department will also conduct regular reviews of relevant internal control measures
     over the continuing connected transactions.


     During 2019, the internal audit department has conducted internal audits on the performance of CICC’s committees
     with decision-making functions, and mainly on the investment banking business, brokerage business, financial product
     sales business, FICC business, asset management business, wealth management business, margin financing and
     securities lending business, stock-based lending business, OTC derivative trading business, private equity investment
     funds business, custody business, and fund services business; and the design and implementation of internal control
     of brokerage business, credit business, structured products business, financial product sales business of CICC Futures,
     CICC Fund Management and the US, UK and Singapore subsidiaries of CICC and CICC Wealth Management. It has also
     conducted resignation audit and off-post audits on employees of CICC and CICC Fund Management in Mainland China
     according to relevant regulatory requirements. Meanwhile, the internal audit department has also conducted audits
     on the application control of the relevant IT systems relating to the above Mainland China and overseas business
     as and on the IT general control of information systems. According to the relevant audit results of the internal audit
     department, no material abnormalities or material deficiencies in the internal control system have been discovered.


     Through reviewing the work and investigation results of the internal audit department on a regular basis, the Audit
     Committee appraised on behalf of the Board the effectiveness of risk management and internal control system on a
     regular basis.
                                                  Corporate Governance Report




                                                       4.   Procedures for Processing and Releasing Inside Information



2019 Annual Report
                                                            With approval from the Board and pursuant to the requirements of domestic and foreign laws and regulations,
                                                            Listing Rules and Articles of Association as well as the practical conditions of our Company, the “Policy on Information
                                                            Disclosure Management of China International Capital Corporation Limited” has been formulated by our Company
                                                            to determine the division of duties and responsibilities on information disclosure, the procedures for processing and
                                                            releasing inside information and other information required to be disclosed. Pursuant to this system, our Company
154                                                         must, as soon as any inside information comes to its knowledge or a false market may be established, disclose the
                                                            information to the public to the reasonable and practicable extent.




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                            During the Reporting Period, our Company has truthfully, accurately, legally and timely disclosed information in strict
                                                            compliance with the requirements of domestic and foreign laws and regulations, the Listing Rules, the Articles of
                                                            Association and the Policy on Information Disclosure Management of our Company without any false statements,
                                                            misleading statements or material omissions, to ensure investors will be able to receive the disclosed information fairly,
                                                            timely and effectively.


                                                       5.   Appraisal of Internal Control
                                                            The Board and the management of our Company are jointly responsible for the establishment, the effective
                                                            implementation and improvement of a sound internal control system. The objectives of internal control of our
                                                            Company are: guaranteeing the legality of operations of our Company and the execution of internal regulatory system,
                                                            protecting against operational risk and moral risk, securing the safety and completeness of the assets of the clients and
                                                            our Company, ensuring the reliability, completeness and timeliness of the business records, financial information and
                                                            other information of our Company and improving the operational efficiency and effectiveness of our Company.


                                                            As internal control has inherent restrictions, we can only reasonably guarantee that the above objectives may be
                                                            achieved. Furthermore, the effectiveness of internal control may also change according to our Company’s internal and
                                                            external environment and operating conditions. Our Company has set up an inspection and supervision mechanism
                                                            through which our Company can take measures to rectify deficiencies in the internal control once identified.


                                                            The Board concluded that, pursuant to the requirements of the relevant laws, regulations and regulatory rules of the
                                                            “Guidelines for Internal Control for Securities Companies” and with reference to the requirements of the “Basic Norms
                                                            of Internal Control for Enterprises” and the provisions of its ancillary guidelines, an appraisal on the internal control of
                                                            the Group was conducted as at the reference date (as of December 31, 2019) of the “2019 Internal Control Assessment
                                                            Report of China International Capital Corporation Limited”, and the Group was not aware of any material defect in
                                                            internal control of the Group. The Board is of the view that the Group has established an effective internal control
                                                            system, which achieves our objectives of internal control and is free of material defect and significant defect.


                                                            Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP performed tests on the design and implementation of the
                                                            internal controls over financial statements of our Company as at December 31, 2019 in accordance with “Guideline
                                                            Opinions on Internal Control Audit” issued by the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Based on the above
                                                                                                                                      2019 Annual Report
          understanding, testing and evaluation of the internal controls during the audit, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified
          Public Accountants LLP believed that the Company maintained effective internal controls over financial statements in
          all material aspects in accordance with the requirements of the “Basic Internal Control Standards for Enterprises” issued
          by the Ministry of Finance and the “Internal Control Guidelines for Securities Firms” issued by the CSRC as at December
          31, 2019.


(xii) Dividend Policy
                                                                                                                                      155
    Our Board of Directors is responsible for submitting proposals in respect of dividend payments, if any, to the shareholders’
    general meeting for approval. The determination of whether to pay a dividend and in what amount is based on factors




                                                                                                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited
    including our results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, capital adequacy ratio, dividends we receive from our
    subsidiaries, future business prospects, statutory and regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends by us and other
    factors that our Board of Directors deems relevant.


    According to our Articles of Association, we will distribute dividends by way of cash or Shares out of our distributable profit
    after tax of the year only after we have made the following allocations from our profit after tax of the year:


    •     recovery of losses, if any;


    •     allocations to the statutory reserve fund equivalent to 10% of our profit after tax, and, when the statutory reserve fund
          reaches and is maintained at or above 50% of our registered capital, no further allocations to this statutory reserve
          fund will be required;


    •     allocations to the general risk reserve in accordance with the relevant requirements in the PRC;


    •     allocations to the trading risk reserve in accordance with the relevant requirements in the PRC; and


    •     allocation to discretionary reserve fund according to resolutions of the shareholders’ general meeting.


    In accordance with our Articles of Association, dividends may be paid only out of distributable profits.
Environmental, Social and
Governance Report
Environmental, Social and
Governance Report


      Environmental,
      Social and
      Governance
      Report
                                                  Environmental, Social and
                                                  Governance Report

                                                  1.   ABOUT THIS SECTION


2019 Annual Report
                                                       a.   Reporting Standard and Scope
                                                            This Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Section is prepared in accordance with the requirements of the ESG
                                                            Reporting Guide, Appendix 27 (2015) to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                                                            Limited issued by the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (“HKEx”).

158
                                                            To fully reflect the Group’s ESG impact, this section includes data from CICC and the significant and relevant operations of its
                                                            wholly-owned subsidiary CICC Wealth Management. The following is an overview of the operational scope covered in this
                                                            section:




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                The Group



                                                                  CICC                                                         CICC Wealth Management



                                                                       Operations in:
                                                                       Mainland China
                                                                       Hong Kong SAR
                                                                       Singapore
                                                                       UK                                                       Operations in:
                                                                                                                                Mainland China
                                                                       US
                                                                                                                                Hong Kong SAR




                                                            This section offers an overview of the Group’s policies, sustainability initiatives and performance highlights for the period
                                                            from 1 January to 31 December 2019 (the “reporting year”).


                                                            Information relating to corporate governance and financial metrics can be found in the relevant sections of this annual
                                                            report. To aid readers in navigating the related content, a detailed HKEx ESG content index is included at the end of this
                                                            section.
    b.     Materiality Assessment


                                                                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report
                                                                                            Step 2: Prioritisation
           In preparation for this ESG section, an independent                              Results from step 1 were consolidated to identify a
           consultant was commissioned to conduct an internal                               prioritised list of potential material ESG issues.
           stakeholder engagement exercise. This year, the
           Group distributed an online survey to all CICC and                               Step 3: Validation
           CICC Wealth Management staff members to gather
                                                                                            The findings from steps 1 and 2 were consolidated
           their views and suggestions on various sustainability                                                                                           159
                                                                                            into a list of prospective material issues. The Group’s
           issues. Employees were also asked to rank the
                                                                                            management confirmed a finalised list of material
           importance of ESG topics as well as express their
                                                                                            issues with consideration of relevance in relation to




                                                                                                                                                           China International Capital Corporation Limited
           views and expectations on the Group’s sustainability
                                                                                            business operations. A total of 18 Key Performance
           performance.
                                                                                            Indicators (“KPIs”)i were confirmed for disclosure.

           HKEx recommends that issuers disclose information
                                                                              2.     GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE FOR
           on sustainability topics which are “material” to
                                                                                     SUSTAINABILITY
           the company’s operations. Materiality is defined
           by HKEx as “the threshold at which ESG issues                             a)     Anti-corruption
           become sufficiently important to investors and
                                                                                            As part of our core values, we maintain the utmost
           other stakeholders that they should be reported”. To
                                                                                            professional integrity and highest ethical standards
           identify material sustainability issues for disclosure,
                                                                                            in conducting business. Under our Employee Code
           the Group undertook a three-step materiality
                                                                                            of Conduct (“Code”), employees are expected to act
           assessment.
                                                                                            with distinction and in line with the requirements
                                                                                            for financial industry practitioners who are required
           Step 1: Identification                                                           to conduct their duties in a moral, honest and
           A comprehensive peer benchmarking was                                            fair manner. Our Code prohibits employees from
           conducted. The independent consultant reviewed                                   engaging in corruption, bribery, money laundering,
           the ESG disclosures of local and international peer                              and deceitful or fraudulent behaviour. Our Code
           companies to identify the material issues faced by                               also provides whistle-blowing channels for our
           the industry.                                                                    employees at all levels to report violations or
                                                                                            suspected violations and raise concerns of any
           CICC and CICC Wealth Management’s employees                                      improper behaviours.
           were invited to complete an online survey to rank
           the importance of ESG issues faced by the Group.                                 Moreover, to further minimise the risk of the
                                                                                            aforementioned fraudulent behaviour and
                                                                                            other unethical conduct, we implemented our
                                                                                            “Anti-commercial Bribery Policy”, “Anti-Money
                                                                                            Laundering Policy”, “Procurement Policy” and
                                                                                            counter-terrorist financing policies.




i
    Appendix 27 “Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide” of the Listing Rules issued by the HKEx is organised into two ESG subject
    areas – Environmental and Social. There are various Aspects under the two subject areas and each Aspect sets out key performance indicators (“KPIs”)
    for listed companies to disclose so as to demonstrate their performance.
                                                  Environmental, Social and
                                                  Governance Report


                                                       In our “Anti-Commercial Bribery Policy”, we set out



2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                                   During the reporting year, there were no legal cases
                                                       our commitment in eliminating bribe-offering,               regarding corrupt practices brought against the
                                                       bribery-taking, and duty encroachment or                    Group.
                                                       corruption. Additionally, the policy also stipulates
                                                       procedures on ex-ante approval, whistle-blowing,       b)   Product Responsibility and Consumer
                                                       corporate investigation and accountability                  Data Protection
                                                       mechanisms for excessive gifts and entertainment.
160                                                                                                                To maintain customer information confidentiality,
                                                                                                                   we have formulated a series of guidelines and
                                                       Our “Anti-Money Laundering Policy” clearly
                                                                                                                   procedures. The Group’s “Information Security
                                                       defines money laundering behaviour, clarifies
                                                                                                                   Management System” and “Information System Data




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                       the anti-money laundering responsibilities of our
                                                                                                                   Management System” strictly control back-end data
                                                       employees, and makes provisions on the basic
                                                                                                                   access permissions to prevent improper access to
                                                       working rules of four aspects including: client
                                                                                                                   customer information.
                                                       identity identification, data custody, large amount
                                                       and suspicious transaction reports, and cash
                                                                                                                   CICC Wealth Management’s “Brokerage Business
                                                       and third-party deposits and withdrawals. We
                                                                                                                   Practices” clearly defines the process for account
                                                       empower our Compliance Department to revise
                                                                                                                   information transfers, filings and access. The
                                                       and interpret our Anti-Money Laundering Policy in
                                                                                                                   account information is saved at a dedicated
                                                       order to maintain consistency with international and
                                                                                                                   location, managed by qualified professionals,
                                                       domestic regulatory trends.
                                                                                                                   and only authorised personnel have the right to
                                                                                                                   access this information. Furthermore, CICC Wealth
                                                       Under our “Procurement Policy”, our employees
                                                                                                                   Management’s “Measures for the Administration of
                                                       are required to follow guidance related to product
                                                                                                                   Access Permission to Centralised Over-the-counter
                                                       and service provider selections, price comparisons,
                                                                                                                   Trading System” stipulates the principles of access
                                                       and contract signings. The policy also provides
                                                                                                                   permissions, the scope of personnel to which such
                                                       the reporting mechanism for fraudulent behaviour
                                                                                                                   permission can be granted, and the application,
                                                       and establishes a complete and fully monitored
                                                                                                                   granting, and approval of access permissions. Bulk
                                                       procurement system to prevent corruption and
                                                                                                                   downloading of customer information is managed
                                                       other non-compliance issues that may arise during
                                                                                                                   by our data minimisation principles. In cases where
                                                       the procurement process.
                                                                                                                   our employees need to download customer
                                                                                                                   information for preparing reports, they are required
                                                       Our counter-terrorist financing policies provide
                                                                                                                   to apply for such rights and permissions. The heads
                                                       guidance to employees on the identification
                                                                                                                   of the branch office and headquarters shall approve
                                                       of high-risk transactions and specify follow up
                                                                                                                   and authorise designated personnel to oversee
                                                       procedures including client on-boarding and data
                                                                                                                   this process. In addition, we require regulatory
                                                       management. The policies also specify the duties
                                                                                                                   authorities, public security organs and other
                                                       and accountabilities of senior management and
                                                                                                                   authorities to hold legal instruments and complete
                                                       front-office staff to minimise the risk of the Group
                                                                                                                   registration before copying customer information.
                                                       being used as a platform for financing terrorist
                                                       activities.
3.   OUR HUMAN CAPITAL


                                                                                                                                                    2019 Annual Report
                                                                                     We believe that the health and well-being of our
                                                                                     employees is essential in creating a positive and
     a)    Working Conditions
                                                                                     caring workplace. CICC Wealth Management’s
           Employees are the foundation for the continuous                           staff club arranges a wide range of activities for
           growth of the Group and we are fully committed to                         our employees to enhancement communications
           creating a supportive, harmonious and collaborative                       between departments and accommodate
           work environment in which everyone is treated                             employees’ interests. To promote a healthy lifestyle,
                                                                                                                                                    161
           fairly and with respect. When recruiting new staff,                       we regularly arrange numerous sports training
           we make hiring decisions without consideration                            sessions and competitions such as tennis, ping-pong,
           of age, gender, pregnancy, marital status, family                         football and basketball. As a caring company, we




                                                                                                                                                    China International Capital Corporation Limited
           status, disability, sexual orientation, religion and                      celebrate special occasions and birthdays with cakes
           race. The Group provides attractive remuneration                          and fruits. If an unfortunate situation which requires
           packages and other benefits commensurate with                             hospitalisation befalls one of our employees, we will
           experience and responsibilities. We act beyond                            organise visits and provide the necessary support.
           the statutory requirements of purchasing “Five
           Social Insurance and One Housing Fund”ii providing                        For the reporting year, the Group had a total of
           additional complementary insurance plans for our                          8,030 full-time employees; within this figure, 52%
           employees, such as critical illness insurance and                         are female. An additional detailed breakdown of
           accident and disability insurance. To ensure that                         employee data for each operation is presented in
           our staff management is transparent and fair, we                          the Performance Data Summary of this section.
           outline expectations for professional conduct in
           the Staff Manual and ensure that all employees
           are familiarised with the document. Employee
           performance is assessed by following a stringent
           performance appraisal system.




ii
     Which includes Endowment Insurance, Medical Insurance, Unemployment Insurance, Occupational Health and Safety Insurance, Maternity Insurance
     and Housing Fund.
                                                  Environmental, Social and
                                                  Governance Report


                                                                   Total workforce by age                                           Total workforce by gender



2019 Annual Report
                                                       4500                                                             4500


                                                       4000                                                             4000


                                                       3500                                                             3500


                                                       3000                                                             3000

162
                                                       2500                                                             2500

                                                       2000                                                             2000




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                       1500                                                             1500


                                                       1000                                                             1000


                                                        500                                                              500


                                                          0                                                                0
                                                                    CICC             CICC Wealth                                         CICC            CICC Wealth
                                                                                     Management                                                          Management

                                                                Below 30        30-50           Over 50                              Female                   Male


                                                                                               Employee turnover rate by age and gender
                                                       40%


                                                       35%


                                                       30%


                                                       25%


                                                       20%


                                                       15%


                                                       10%


                                                        5%


                                                        0%
                                                                                        CICC                                             CICC Wealth Management

                                                                                 Overall         Below 30      30-50           Over 50          Female     Male

                                                       All business divisions within the Group are in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations related to employment
                                                       practices and prohibit the employment of child or forced labour. For the reporting year, there have been no confirmed cases
                                                       of non-compliance with national and regional economic and labour laws and regulations. CICC Hong Kong manages its tax
                                                       affairs in compliance with all Hong Kong tax laws and pays all Hong Kong taxes, duties and levies for which it is liable, and
                                                       expects the same of all employees, both in Hong Kong and in other countries in which they have tax liabilities.
b)   Staff Development and Training                          CASE STUDY 1 – TALENT


                                                                                                                                2019 Annual Report
     To support our employees in achieving their full        DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMME
     potential and to remain competitive in the industry,
     we encourage and arrange job-specific learning
     and development opportunities. We believe
     that this strategy will help us attract and retain
     talented individuals in an ever-changing business                                                                          163
     environment. Our “CICC Training Management
     Regulations” describe our training and development




                                                                                                                                China International Capital Corporation Limited
     objectives as well as training plans and programmes.
     Specific requirements for the division of labour and
     responsibility, training cost management and resource
     management are also detailed in the policies.
     CICC Wealth Management’s “Interim Measures on
     Staff Training Management” provides guidance on          It is our belief that helping our employees to reach their full
     establishing and continuously improving the training     potentials is critical to the Group’s business development. In
     system, formulating the annual plan and budgeting,       2019, 259 new recruits across 23 departments participated
     coordinating and planning specific training              in a six-month talent development programme. Through
     programmes and courses, organising and building          the training, our new employees explored different aspects
     the company’s internal trainer team, and collecting      of their career pathways and gained a more comprehensive
     training information and resources.                      view of the Group’s business strategy. This helps our new
                                                              colleagues develop a sense of belonging and a deeper
     To nurture a lifelong learning mindset, “CICC            understanding of CICC’s company culture.
     Academy” provides a range of training courses
     covering topics such as business development and
     strategy, leadership skills, and company culture
                                                                       3)     Junior Staff Training through the CICC Open
     and history. At present, we have six main training
                                                                              Class is held once every two months; all
     programmes covering all levels of staff and a wide
                                                                              employees are eligible to participate. The
     range of topics, including industry research, and
                                                                              curriculum covers numerous topics including
     compliance and regulatory qualification examinations.
                                                                              front-line business knowledge, compliance
                                                                              and regulations, human resources and office
     1)    Senior Management Training includes
                                                                              skills.
           executive in-house training, and Executive
           Development Programme courses for the
                                                                       4)     New Staff Induction Training is an annual
           company’s Executive Director/Managing
                                                                              one-week programme required for all new
           Director. The curriculum focuses on corporate
                                                                              recruits. The content covers a comprehensive
           strategy and leadership.
                                                                              introduction of the company and its relevant
                                                                              departments. Upon completion of the training
     2)    Key Middle-Level Management Personnel
                                                                              at the company level, the departments will
           Training focuses on communication skills,
                                                                              conduct work-related skills training covering
           leadership skills and management skills for
                                                                              Investment Banking, Equities, Research, FICC,
           the company’s new VPs as representatives of
                                                                              Asset Management and Mutual Funds.
           middle-level management.
                                                  Environmental, Social and
                                                  Governance Report



                                                  CASE STUDY 2 – FUTURE LEADERSHIP


2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                                                6)      Compliance and Regulatory Personnel
                                                                                                                                        Qualification Examination and Follow-up
                                                  DEVELOPMENT TRAINING
                                                                                                                                        Training include training and examination to
                                                                                                                                        expand staff knowledge on legal compliance.
                                                                                                                                        We apply for futures qualification examination
                                                                                                                                        5 or more times per year. We also provide
                                                                                                                                        follow-up training for securities, fund, futures
164
                                                                                                                                        and insurance practitioners.


                                                                                                                                        In addition to these training programmes, we




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                                        also encourage employees to participate in
                                                                                                                                        other work-related qualification examinations.
                                                                                                                                        The company reimburses employees for the
                                                                                                                                        examination, registration and membership
                                                                                                                                        fees required to maintain the validity of the
                                                   We understand that the development of future leadership is
                                                                                                                                        qualification.
                                                   key to the Group’s continued success. In order to strengthen
                                                   employees’ management skills, CICC held a 5-month training
                                                                                                                          c)    Occupational Health & Safety
                                                   programme, “Becoming a Manager”, in 2019. During the
                                                   training, 150 participants across 21 departments engaged                     As a caring company, ensuring staff occupational
                                                   in various simulated workplace scenarios and prepared for                    health and safety is a foremost task. We actively
                                                   the challenges that managers may face. We will continue to                   organise lectures and training on related topics, and
                                                   provide tailor-made training programmes for our future leaders’              provide our staff with medical insurance, annual
                                                   professional development.                                                    physical examinations, psychological counselling
                                                                                                                                and influenza vaccinations. In 2019, CICC Wealth
                                                                                                                                Management encouraged preventative healthcare
                                                                                                                                by arranging medical check-ups for over 3,000
                                                            5)     Department Training covers internal
                                                                                                                                employees. To help our employees maintain their
                                                                   training on business knowledge according
                                                                                                                                fitness, and to facilitate the use of fitness facilities,
                                                                   to business needs. Amongst all, the
                                                                                                                                CICC provides significant membership discounts
                                                                   internal training of the investment banking
                                                                                                                                every year for employees to join fitness clubs.
                                                                   department and the industry research
                                                                   training of the research department stand
                                                                                                                     4.   OUR ENVIRONMENT
                                                                   out. The training covers all business line
                                                                   related personnel. In addition to internal             The Group is mindful of the environmental impacts that
                                                                   programmes, departments will send relevant             may arise from its operations. We aim to enhance energy
                                                                   personnel to participate in training provided          efficiency, conserve resources, manage waste and promote
                                                                   by regulators, associations and industry.              environmental awareness throughout our business
                                                                                                                          operations.
a)   Emissions and Energy Use


                                                                                                                                2019 Annual Report
                                                                     •      Replaced water-cooled air conditioning
                                                                            systems with energy efficient models in CICC
     Recognising the importance of environmental
                                                                            data centres.
     protection, we have established a working
     group to focus on internal energy saving and
                                                                     •      Arranged building security teams to check
     waste reduction initiatives. The working group
                                                                            that all electrical switches and appliances are
     monitors the effectiveness of energy and waste
                                                                            turned off on weekends.
     reduction measures, and initiates plans for further                                                                        165
     environmental performance enhancement. We also
                                                                     •      Installed systems to automatically turn off light
     submit the “CICC Energy Conservation and Emission
                                                                            fixtures and air conditioners after office hours.




                                                                                                                                China International Capital Corporation Limited
     Reduction Summary Report” to the Beijing Municipal
     Bureau of Financial Work on an annual basis.
                                                                     •      Implemented a permission system to control
                                                                            the usage of air conditioners during overtime
     Since electricity consumption accounts for
                                                                            hours.
     a significant proportion of our greenhouse
     gases emissions, we have implemented energy
                                                                     •      Restricted temperature settings to above 26°C
     efficiency enhancements in our offices through
                                                                            in summer and below 20°C in winter using air
     various initiatives. The following initiatives were
                                                                            conditioning temperature control systems.
     implemented in 2019:

                                                               We are aware that our air business travel is a key
     •     Replaced obsolete light fixtures with LED
                                                               contributor to carbon emissions. In 2019, we continued
           lighting in public areas, offices and control
                                                               to promote “sustainable commutes” to our employees.
           rooms to save 10,000 kWh.
                                                               Instead of using private vehicles, we encourage employees
                                                               to adopt public transportation, carpooling, cycling or
     •     Placed reminder notices near light switches to
                                                               walking. Through this initiative, we are able to reduce
           reduce unnecessary energy consumption.
                                                               emissions as well as contribute to better air quality in
                                                               urban areas. Our Beijing office runs company bus lines,
     •     Provided reminders to employees to switch
                                                               which provides a more convenient way for employees
           their computers off or to ‘standby mode’ when
                                                               to come to work while reducing the carbon footprint of
           not in-use.
                                                               their daily lives. We advocate the use of video conferences,
                                                               telephones, e-mail and other means of communication in
     •     Installed light sensor controls within certain
                                                               place of face-to-face meetings to minimise non-essential
           areas of the office to minimise electricity use.
                                                               business trips.
           Lights are turned off automatically after a fixed
           time period.
                                                               During the Reporting Period, our total GHG emissions
                                                               equated to 43,623 tonnes of CO2e, arising mainly from
     •     Procured ENERGY STAR certified products for
                                                               electricity consumption. Our total energy consumption was
           all IT facilities in CICC’s US offices.
                                                               31,479,565 kWh.
                                                  Environmental, Social and
                                                  Governance Report


                                                                                  Greenhouse gas emissions                                                    Energy consumption



2019 Annual Report
                                                                     20,000.00                                                              20,000.00

                                                                     18,000.00                                                              18,000.00

                                                                     16,000.00                                                              16,000.00

                                                                     14,000.00                                                              14,000.00

                                                                     12,000.00                                                              12,000.00




                                                    Tonnes of CO2e
166

                                                                                                                                 1000 kWh
                                                                     10,000.00                                                              10,000.00

                                                                      8,000.00                                                               8,000.00




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                      6,000.00                                                               6,000.00

                                                                      4,000.00                                                               4,000.00

                                                                      2,000.00                                                               2,000.00

                                                                          0.00                                                                   0.00
                                                                                     CICC              CICC Wealth                                            CICC                   WMS
                                                                                                       Management
                                                                                                                                                   Indirect energy consumption (electricity)
                                                                                 Scope 1 emissions
                                                                                 Scope 2 emissions                                                 Direct energy consumption (fuel)
                                                                                 Scope 3 emissions


                                                            b)           Waste Management                                                    CASE STUDY 1 – GOING PAPERLESS
                                                                         Proper waste management is vital to enhance
                                                                         resource efficiency and avoid waste generation.                                                            We advocate a paperless
                                                                         We continue to explore the types of items we                                                               workplace by systemising
                                                                         can collect for reuse and recycling at our offices.                                                        and digitalising our workflow
                                                                         Working with our office cleaners, we work to                                                               as much as possible which
                                                                                                                                                                                    also encourages the recycling
                                                                         identify office waste and follow the proper recycling
                                                                                                                                                                                    and reuse of paper. Last year,
                                                                         procedures. Specialised agencies and vendors are
                                                                                                                                                                                    we developed an IT system
                                                                         employed to handle toner cartridges and other
                                                                                                                                                                                    which migrated some of our
                                                                         consumables in a safe and proper manner.                                                                   workflow online and reduced
                                                                                                                                                                                    the use and circulation of
                                                                         The Group implemented a number of waste                                                                    printed materials. The system
                                                                         reduction initiatives to manage our resources
                                                                                                                                                 has capabilities to handle human resources registration for new
                                                                         responsibly. During our procurement processes,                          employees and to store e-documents on a company online
                                                                         we strive to utilise all available office equipment                     platform. We also started using facial recognition technology as
                                                                         and supplies before purchasing new ones. We                             a replacement for paper registrations of visitors and employees.
                                                                         encourage our employees to minimise waste                               Furthermore, e-greeting cards are used in place of traditional
                                                                         by re-using stationery such as envelopes, letter                        paper cards.
                                                                         heads, courier bags and other office materials.
                                                                                                                                                                         Facial Recognition Technology Adopted
                                                                   5.   OUR COMMUNITY


                                                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report
          Recyclable collection points for used batteries and
          non-hazardous wastes are provided in the offices.
                                                                        a)   Objectives, Scope and Vision
          In addition, CICC organises regular “Earth Recycling
          Station Project” donation activities to collect used               The Group is dedicated to contributing to the local
          clothes, books and stationery. The collected items                 community through a variety of charity events.
          are sent to less fortunate communities in rural                    In 2019, we contributed a total of RMB40,695,000
          China. These initiatives aim to encourage staff to                 as donations to bolster numerous community
                                                                                                                                       167
          reduce waste throughout business operations and                    engagement projects within the PRC.
          to be mindful in their daily lives.
                                                                             Objectives




                                                                                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited
    c)    Building Awareness
                                                                             •     Uphold the principles of corporate social
          Enhancing awareness is essential in driving                              responsibility
          environmental sustainability in the community.
                                                                             •     Promote the development of social welfare
          Therefore, we regularly organise environmental
          programmes to strengthen the awareness of our                      Scope
          employees and community members.                                   •     Poverty alleviation in the financial, industrial,
                                                                                   education, charity and consumption areas

                                                                             •     Help sick and injured individuals
CASE STUDY 2 – SUPPORTING AN                                                 •     Help victims of natural disasters and
AWARDING-WINNING GREEN INITIATIVE                                                  large-scale emergencies

                                                                             •     Assist the government to improve medical
 The Group recognise the importance of ecosystem restoration
                                                                                   and health conditions in poverty-stricken areas
 in reducing the emissions contributing to climate change.
 In 2019, CICC donated to a tree planting programme of the                   •     Assist the government to improve conditions
 award-winning green initiative “Ant Forest”. Over 36,000 Scots                    of schools in poverty-stricken areas
 Pines will be planted at Hebei province in Spring 2020. We will
                                                                             •     Subsidise and support education programmes
 continue to explore opportunities in driving environmental
 awareness in the community.                                                 •     Protect the environment and natural resources

                                                                             Vision
                                                                             •     Focus on education and future development
                                                                                   of students
                                                  Environmental, Social and
                                                  Governance Report



                                                    b)   CICC Charity Foundation                                    2019 Poverty Alleviation and Charity



2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                                    Projects
                                                         The Group’s approaches to poverty alleviation
                                                         include financial support for industrial development       Improve the quality of education and subsidise costs
                                                         in poverty-stricken areas, educational support to          for less-fortunate students:
                                                         equip beneficiaries with knowledge and strength
                                                         and tailor-made measures to help registered                •     Primary and Secondary School Education
168                                                      poor households. We make contributions to the                    Subsidy Project – Ning County in Gansu
                                                         development of poor regions by providing support                 Province – Donation of RMB200,000
                                                         in multiple areas including financial services,




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                         industrial development, education, public welfare                CICC Wealth Management is committed
                                                         and consumption.                                                 to helping students complete their studies
                                                                                                                          and lightening their financial pressure
                                                         The CICC Charity Foundation was established in                   by subsidising a total of 200 students in
                                                         Beijing, which serves as a community hub for the                 poverty. Coupled with the funding, a series of
                                                         Group to organise charity events and motivate our                educational events, such as speech contests,
                                                         employees to participate in social welfare activities            writing tournaments, and festival performance
                                                         and engagements. We initiated various CICC                       showcase were organised for them.
                                                         Charity Foundation projects to support community
                                                         development, improve the quality of education,             •     Rural Kindergartens Educational Funding
                                                         renovate medical and sanitation facilities, as well as           Project – Donation of RMB250,000
                                                         protect the natural environment.
                                                                                                                          CICC established funding for kindergarten
                                                         In 2019, we focused our efforts on poverty alleviation           teachers to enhance the quality of education
                                                         and childhood development. CICC actively fulfilled its           in rural kindergartens.
                                                         social responsibilities by assisting poverty alleviation
                                                         to Huining and Weiyuan Counties of Gansu                   •     Primary School Education Subsidy Project
                                                         Province, Guzhang County of Hunan Province and                   – Shanxi and Yunnan Provinces – Donation
                                                         Yuexi County of Anhui Province. CICC is currently                of RMB330,000
                                                         joining efforts with CICC Wealth Management for a
                                                         programme in Huining County of Gansu Province.
                                                        •   Insurance Investment Programme – Ning



                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report
      CICC provided subsidies to support the
      education of less-fortunate students in two           County Donation of RMB1,500,000
      local primary schools located in Shanxi and
      Yunnan Provinces.                                     In order to secure sufficient food supply
                                                            and a stable commodify price, CICC Wealth
•     Education Subsidy Project – Huining                   Management procured price and index
      County – Donation of RMB100,000                       insurance services for 13 local towns in Ning
                                                                                                            169
                                                            County.
      In order to support local producers, CICC
      Wealth Management purchased winter                •   Local Agricultural Product Procurement




                                                                                                            China International Capital Corporation Limited
      clothing and stationery for Huining County’s          Programme – Donation of RMB2,580,000
      local students in need.
                                                        •   Fund-raising Trekking Event in Beijing –
•     CICC Teacher Development Foundation –                 Donation of RMB90,000
      Beijing – Donation of RMB400,000
                                                        •   Lamb Farming Collaboration Programme –
      CICC Teacher Development Foundation                   Huining County Donation of RMB1,000,000
      sponsored a nonprofit educational institute to
      further enhance the quality of education.             CICC Wealth Management supported the
                                                            lamb breeding, farming and management
Subsidising underprivileged families in                     programme to boost the economy in the
poverty-stricken areas:                                     villages of Huining County.


•     Local Specialties Procurement
      Programme – Huining County Donation of
      RMB3,300,000


      To promote the local specialties in the Huining
      County, CICC Wealth Management purchased
      unique souvenirs as gifts distributed to
      employees for festival celebrations.
                                                  Environmental, Social and
                                                  Governance Report



                                                  CASE STUDY 1 – ENHANCING                                              CASE STUDY 3 – SPONSORING


2019 Annual Report
                                                  INDUSTRIALISATION IN GANSU PROVINCE                                   INSURANCE FOR FAMILIES UNDER
                                                                                                                        POVERTY IN NING COUNTY
                                                   In 2019, CICC donated RMB17,000,000 to the Huining County
                                                   government in Gansu province, China to initiate an industrial         CICC Wealth management sponsored insurance packages of
                                                   water plant construction project. By assimilating advanced            families living in poverty in Ning County valued at RMB315,000.
170                                                technologies, we aim to develop a sustainable water plant             The tailored insurance plans include injuries from accidents,
                                                   system for industrial use. This project promotes the economic         medical treatment and hospitalisation, as well as acute death
                                                   growth of 40 villages in Huining County.                              due to accidents. The project covered a total of 217 households




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                         and 984 local citizens.




                                                  CASE STUDY 2 – PROMOTING
                                                  EARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION IN                                          CASE STUDY 4 – ENHANCING
                                                  RURAL REGIONS                                                         HEALTHCARE STANDARDS IN TIBET
                                                                                                                        AUTONOMOUS REGION




                                                   CICC is a supporting partner for the charity organisation
                                                   “China Reach”. This year, we contributed RMB2,000,000 to an
                                                                                                                         In 2019, CICC donated RMB350,000 in support of medical
                                                   early childhood education programme in rural regions. This
                                                                                                                         programmes which provide maternity and childcare
                                                   programme aims to promote early childhood education in
                                                                                                                         training to local doctors in Tibet’s rural areas. The project
                                                   the underprivileged families by using international teaching
                                                                                                                         also raises villagers’ awareness and consciousness of health
                                                   materials, including toys and jigsaw puzzles. Monthly home
                                                                                                                         management. We believe that this programme can help to
                                                   visits for children from six months to 3 years old are arranged by
                                                                                                                         minimise the maternal and infant mortality rate in the region.
                                                   social workers. This project has been successfully implemented
                                                   in three areas located in Guzhang County in Hunan province,
                                                   Huining County in Gansu province and Nyêmo County in
                                                   Tibet Autonomous Region. We believe this programme can
                                                   bring positive benefits in early childhood development in rural
                                                   regions.
CASE STUDY 5 – SUPPORTING                                                        CASE STUDY 6 – COLLABORATING


                                                                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report
INFRASTRUCTURE NEEDS IN THE                                                      WITH THE GOVERNMENT ON POVERTY
HUINING COUNTY                                                                   ALLEVIATION

                                                                                    In response to the Huining County government’s 1+15 poverty
                                                                                    alleviation implementation plan, CICC Wealth Management
                                                                                    donated RMB2,386,400 to support urban development and                    171
                                                                                    building transformation. The project covered 17 suburbs
                                                                                    and 108 households, in which the beneficiaries were offered




                                                                                                                                                             China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                    subsidies for home upgrades. We believe this programme
                                                                                    helps to build a safer and more resilient local community.




      Citizens in the Huining County have been suffering from
      water shortages which affect economic growth. CICC Wealth
      Management invested RMB2,523,600 to construct water
      infrastructure for agricultural use. This construction project can
      help the local community in Huining County to solve water
      shortage issues.




6.       PERFORMANCE DATA SUMMARY
         KPI A1.2 – Greenhouse gas emissions data in total and intensity
                                                                                               CICC                    CICC Wealth Management
                                                                                                       Tonnes of                            Tonnes of
                                                                               Tonnes of CO2e CO2e per FTEiii Tonnes of CO2e CO2e per FTE
         Scope 1 emissions (Fuel use)                                                    114.32               0.03            742.44                  0.19
         Scope 2 emissions (Electricity use)                                          12,217.57               2.99         12,589.45                  3.19
         Scope 3 emissions (Business air travel)                                      17,194.00               4.21            785.82                  0.20
         Total                                                                        29,525.88               7.23         14,117.71                  3.58




iii
         FTE: Full time equivalent employees. The total number of CICC’s and CICC Wealth Management’s FTE in 2019 are 4,082 and 3,948 respectively.
                                                  Environmental, Social and
                                                  Governance Report



                                                    KPI A2.1 – Direct and indirect energy consumption and intensity


2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                                                   CICC                               CICC Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                            Consumption                                     Consumption
                                                                                                                      Consumption                  Intensity Consumption                        Intensity
                                                                                                                      (in 1,000 kWh) (kWh per FTE) (in 1,000 kWh) (kWh per FTE)
                                                    Total direct energy consumption from fuel use                                384.43                   0.09               2,496.70                0.63
172                                                 Total indirect energy consumption from the use of electricity              14,151.00                  3.47              14,447.44                3.66


                                                    KPI A2.2 – Water consumption in total and intensity




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                                   CICC                               CICC Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                   Intensity                                    Intensity
                                                                                                                              Total (m )
                                                                                                                                       3
                                                                                                                                             (m per FTE)
                                                                                                                                                  3
                                                                                                                                                                        Total (m ) 3
                                                                                                                                                                                             (m per FTE)
                                                                                                                                                                                               3


                                                    Water consumption                                                          78,145.36                 19.14               6,889.60                1.75


                                                    KPI B1.1 – Total workforce by gender, age group, employment type and geographical location
                                                    CICC                                                                        Age Group                                          Gender
                                                                                                     Total     Below 30             30 – 50              Over 50              Female               Male
                                                    Mainland China          Full-time                3,564            1,464            2,062                     38              1,886             1,678
                                                                            Part-time                   0                0                   0                    0                     0              0
                                                    Hong Kong SAR           Full-time                 427              134                 269                   24               222                205
                                                                            Part-time                   0                0                  0                    0                      0              0
                                                    Singapore               Full-time                  19                2                 16                    1                  12                 7
                                                                            Part-time                   0                0                  0                    0                      0              0
                                                    UK                      Full-time                  26                4                 21                    1                  15                11
                                                                            Part-time                   0                0                  0                    0                      0              0
                                                    US                      Full-time                  46                7                 35                    4                  26                20
                                                                            Part-time                   0                0                  0                    0                      0              0
                                                    Total                                            4,082            1,611            2,403                     68              2,161             1,921




                                                    CICC Wealth Management                                                             Age Group                                        Gender
                                                                                                              Total     Below 30            30 – 50         Over 50             Female             Male
                                                    Mainland China                       Full-time            3,869          796              2,853             220               1,879            1,990
                                                                                         Part-time                0            0                  0               0                   0                0
                                                    Hong Kong SAR                        Full-time               79           23                 51               5                  32               47
                                                                                         Part-time                0            0                  0               0                   0                0
                                                    Total                                                     3,948              819             2,904                225          1,911           2,037
KPI B1.2 – Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region


                                                                                                   2019 Annual Report
CICC                                                Age Group                    Gender
                                         Below 30      30 – 50   Over 50     Female       Male
Mainland China                                12%         10%        3%        10%        11%
Hong Kong SAR                                 13%         10%        8%        11%        11%
Singapore                                    150%         25%        0%        33%        43%
UK                                            25%          5%        0%        13%         0%
US                                            57%          9%       25%        15%        20%      173
All locations                                 12%         10%        6%        10%        11%
CICC overall rate                                                11%




                                                                                                   China International Capital Corporation Limited
CICC Wealth Management                              Age Group                    Gender
                                         Below 30      30 – 50   Over 50     Female       Male
Mainland China                               34%          12%        2%        11%        21%
Hong Kong SAR                                17%          47%       20%        47%        30%
All locations                                34%          12%        3%        11%        21%
CICC Wealth Management overall rate                              16%


KPI B3.1 – Percentage of employees trained by employee category and gender
                                                                    CICC CICC Wealth Management
General Staff                                                          79%                 96%
Middle Managers                                                        85%                 97%
Senior Managers                                                        79%                100%
Female                                                                 83%                 96%
Male                                                                   79%                 97%
Overall                                                                81%                 96%


KPI B3.2 – Average training hours completed per employee by employee category and gender
                                                                    CICC CICC Wealth Management
General Staff                                                     208.00                  105.08
Middle Managers                                                   176.00                  106.09
Senior Managers                                                   102.00                  142.28
Female                                                            162.00                  116.44
Male                                                              162.00                  118.38
Overall                                                           162.00                  117.44
                                                  Environmental, Social and
                                                  Governance Report



                                                  7.   HKEX ESG GUIDE CONTENT INDEX


2019 Annual Report
                                                                                      HKEx
                                                       Aspect                         KPI    Description                                                   Page Number/Remarks
                                                       A. Environmental
                                                       A1 Emissions                   A1     General Disclosure                                       p165-166
                                                                                      A1.1   The type of emissions and respective emissions data      According to the materiality
174                                                                                                                                                     assessment result, this topic
                                                                                                                                                        is regarded as not material
                                                                                                                                                        to the Group.
                                                                                      A1.2   Greenhouse gas emissions in total and intensity          p171




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                      A1.3   Total hazardous waste produced                           According to the materiality
                                                                                                                                                        assessment result, this topic
                                                                                                                                                        is regarded as not material
                                                                                                                                                        to the Group.
                                                                                      A1.4   Total non-hazardous waste produced                       According to the materiality
                                                                                                                                                        assessment result, this topic
                                                                                                                                                        is regarded as not material
                                                                                                                                                        to the Group.
                                                                                      A1.5   Description of measures to mitigate emissions and        According to the materiality
                                                                                             results                                                    assessment result, this topic
                                                                                                achieved                                                is regarded as not material
                                                                                                                                                        to the Group.
                                                                                      A1.6   Description of how hazardous & non- hazardous wastes According to the materiality
                                                                                                are handled, reduction initiatives & results achieved   assessment result, this topic
                                                                                                                                                        is regarded as not material
                                                                                                                                                        to the Group.
                                                       A2 Use of Resources            A2     General Disclosure                                       p165-166
                                                                                      A2.1   Direct and indirect energy consumption by type in total p172
                                                                                                and intensity
                                                                                      A2.2   Water consumption in total and intensity                 p172
                                                                                      A2.3   Energy use efficiency initiatives and results achieved   According to the materiality
                                                                                                                                                        assessment result, this topic
                                                                                                                                                        is regarded as not material
                                                                                                                                                        to the Group.
                                                                                      A2.4   Issue in sourcing water, water efficiency initiatives    According to the materiality
                                                                                                                                                        assessment result, this topic
                                                                                                                                                        is regarded as not material
                                                                                                                                                        to the Group.
                                                                                      A2.5   Total packaging material used for finished products      According to the materiality
                                                                                                                                                        assessment result, this topic
                                                                                                                                                        is regarded as not material
                                                                                                                                                        to the Group.
                                                       A3 The Environment and Natural A3     General Disclosure
                                                          Resources
                                                                                                                                                           p164-166
                                                                                      A3.1   Description of the significant impacts of activities on the
                                                                                               environment and natural resources
                                                                                                                              2019 Annual Report
                              HKEx
Aspect                        KPI    Description                                            Page Number/Remarks
B. Social
B1 Employment                 B1     General Disclosure                                     p161-162
                              B1.1   Total workforce by gender, employment type,            p172
                                       age group and geographical region
                              B1.2   Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and        p173                              175
                                       geographical region
B2 Health and Safety          B2     General Disclosure                                     p164




                                                                                                                              China International Capital Corporation Limited
                              B2.3   Occupational health & safety measures                  p164
B3 Development and Training   B3     General Disclosure                                     p163-164
                              B3.1   Percentage of employees trained by gender and          p173
                                       employee category
                              B3.2   Average training hours completed per employee by       p173
                                       gender and employee category
B4 Labour Standards           B4     General Disclosure                                     We abide by relevant
                                                                                              employment ordinances
                                                                                              and statutory requirements
                                                                                              in all locations of our
                                                                                              operations. No relevant
                                                                                              cases of non-compliance
                                                                                              were recorded.
B5 Supply Chain Management B5        General Disclosure                                     According to the materiality
                                                                                              assessment result, this topic
                                                                                              is regarded as not material
                                                                                              to the Group.
B6 Product Responsibility     B6     General Disclosure                                     p160
                              B6.4   Description of quality assurance process and recall    p160
                                       procedures
                              B6.5   Description of consumer data protection and privacy    p160
                                       policies, how they are implemented and monitored
B7 Anti-corruption            B7     General Disclosure                                     p159-160
                              B7.1   Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt      We abide by relevant
                                       practices brought against the issuer its employees     employment ordinances
                                       during the reporting period and the outcomes           and statutory requirements
                                       of the cases                                           in all locations of our
                                                                                              operations. No relevant
                                                                                              cases of non-compliance
                                                                                              were recorded.
                              B7.2   Preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures,    p159-160
                                       how they are implemented and monitored
B8 Community Investment       B8     General Disclosure                                     p167-171
                              B8.1   Focus areas of contribution                            p167
                              B8.2   Resources contributed to the focus area                p168-171
Independent
Auditor’s
Report
                                                  Independent Auditor’s Report




2019 Annual Report                                To the Shareholders of China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                  (Incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)


                                                  Opinion
178
                                                  We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China International Capital Corporation Limited (“the Company”) and its
                                                  subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “the Group”) set out on pages 185 to 332, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                  position as at 31 December 2019, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
                                                  comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended,
                                                  and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.


                                                  In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at
                                                  31 December 2019, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance
                                                  with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been
                                                  properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


                                                  Basis for Opinion
                                                  We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
                                                  Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the
                                                  Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s
                                                  Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the
                                                  Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Key Audit Matters


                                                                                                                                               2019 Annual Report
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.


 Key Audit Matter                                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter
                                                                                                                                               179
 Valuation of financial instruments measured at Level III fair value

 We identified the valuation of financial instruments measured           Our procedures in relation to valuation of financial instruments




                                                                                                                                               China International Capital Corporation Limited
 at Level III fair value as a key audit matter. As at 31 December        measured at Level III fair value included:
 2019, the Group holds financial instruments of RMB4,858 million
 measured at Level III fair values as disclosed in Note 56, which are    •     Understanding the Group’s valuation models for financial
 significant to the consolidated financial statements.                         instruments at Level III fair value and key controls over
                                                                               selection of valuation methods and determining the
 For the valuation of these financial instruments measured at                  valuation of such financial instruments;
 Level III fair value, the selection of valuation techniques, the key
 assumptions and unobservable inputs used in the valuation               •     Selecting financial instruments at Level III fair value on a
 techniques involve significant estimation of the management as                sample basis and:
 disclosed in Note 4(a) and Note 56.
                                                                               –      Reviewing the investment agreements to
 Owing to the above reasons, we identified the valuation of                           understand the relevant investment terms and
 financial instruments measured at Level III fair value as a key audit                identifying any conditions that were relevant to the
 matter in our audit of the consolidated financial statements.                        valuation of the selected financial instruments;


                                                                               –      Evaluating the appropriateness of the model
                                                                                      adopted by management in the valuation of
                                                                                      the selected financial instruments, based on our
                                                                                      knowledge of current industry practice;


                                                                               –      Evaluating the appropriateness of the unobservable
                                                                                      and observable inputs used by the management
                                                                                      for measuring the fair value of the selected financial
                                                                                      instruments with reference to relevant market data;


                                                                         •     For the samples selected in above procedures, involving
                                                                               our internal valuation specialists to develop expected fair
                                                                               values and sensitivity analysis of the selected financial
                                                                               instruments, on a sample basis, and investigating if the
                                                                               expected fair values are significantly deviated from the
                                                                               corresponding fair value adopted by the Group.
                                                  Independent Auditor’s Report




                                                  Key Audit Matters (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                   Key Audit Matter                                                    How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                                                   Consolidation of structured entities

                                                   We identified the consolidation of structured entities as a key     Our procedures in relation to consolidation of structured entities
                                                   audit matter. As disclosed in Note 52(a) to the consolidated        included:
180
                                                   financial statements, as at 31 December 2019, the carrying
                                                   amount of interests held by the Group amounted to RMB7,947          •     Evaluating the design and implementation of
                                                   million, which is significant to the consolidated financial               management’s key controls over determining the




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                   statements.                                                               consolidation of structured entities;


                                                   As disclosed in Note 4(b) to the consolidated financial             •     Reviewing, on a sample basis, the related investment
                                                   statements, in accordance with the principle of control in IFRS           contracts and service agreements of investments in
                                                   10 Consolidated Financial Statements , to determine whether               structured entities to assess whether the management
                                                   structured entities should be consolidated, a combination                 has appropriately considered the following factors in
                                                   of factors need to be assessed by management to make a                    determining the consolidation of structured entities:
                                                   comprehensive judgment on whether the Group has controlled
                                                   the structure entities, according to the terms of the related             –     The purpose of establishment, the major activities
                                                   contracts, including the purpose of establishment, the Group’s                  and decision-making process of these structured
                                                   power over the structured entities, all variable returns obtained               entities;
                                                   including investment income and management remuneration,
                                                   that the Group is a principal or an agent and etc. The assessment         –     All variable returns entitled, primarily investment
                                                   above involves significant judgement and estimation of the                      income and management remuneration, by the
                                                   management.                                                                     Group;


                                                   Owing to the above reasons, we identified the consolidation               –     The Group’s substantive power over these structured
                                                   of structured entities as a key audit matter in our audit of the                entities and how it can affect the variable returns;
                                                   consolidated financial statements.                                              and


                                                                                                                             –     Whether the Group makes investment decision as
                                                                                                                                   the principal.


                                                                                                                       •     Checking and evaluating, on a sample basis, management’s
                                                                                                                             quantitative analysis on the Group’s exposure or right
                                                                                                                             to variable returns with its economic interests in the
                                                                                                                             structured entity and examining the data used in these
                                                                                                                             calculations by reference to the related contracts.
Key Audit Matters (continued)


                                                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report
 Key Audit Matter                                                      How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Impairment assessment of goodwill

 We identify the impairment assessment of goodwill as a key            Our procedures in relation to the impairment assessment of
 audit matter. As disclosed in Note 23, the Company acquired           goodwill included:
                                                                                                                                          181
 China CICC Wealth Management Securities Company Limited
 (formerly known as China Investment Securities Company                •     Evaluating the design and implementation of
 Limited, hereinafter referred to as “CICC Wealth Management“)               management’s key controls over impairment assessment




                                                                                                                                          China International Capital Corporation Limited
 in 2017 and paid the consideration of RMB16,701 million as the              of goodwill, including the preparation of cash flow
 cost of the acquisition. The difference between the consideration           projections, discount rate and growth rate;
 and the fair value of the net identifiable assets attributable to
 the Company was RMB1,583 million, which was recognised                •     Evaluating the competence, capabilities and objectivity of
 as goodwill, which is significant to the consolidated financial             the external appraiser appointed by the management;
 statements.
                                                                       •     Challenging the assumptions and critical judgements
 As disclosed in Note 4(c) to the consolidated financial statements,         adopted in the discounted cash flow forecasts by
 the carrying amount of goodwill may be exposed to the risk                  comparing the key inputs, including forecasted income,
 that it cannot be entirely recoverable through the expected                 long-term growth rate and forecasted margins with
 future cash flows to be generated from the cash-generating                  reference to the past performance and the financial
 units relevant to the goodwill. As further disclosed in Note 23,            budgets approved by the board of directors and industry
 in assessing the impairment of the goodwill, management                     statistics, and checking against the available supporting
 calculated the present value of the expected future cash flows              documents; and
 of the relevant cash-generating units by using the discounted
 cash flow model so as to determine the recoverable amount.            •     Obtaining management sensitivity analysis around the
 Key assumptions adopted by the model including cash flow                    key assumptions, to ascertain the extent to which adverse
 projection, discount rate and growth rate are of inherent                   changes, both individually or in aggregate, would indicate
 uncertainties and affected by the management bias.                          that the goodwill may be impaired and considering
                                                                             whether there were any indicators of management bias in
 Owing to the above reasons, we identified the impairment                    the selection of key assumptions.
 assessment of goodwill as a key audit matter in our audit of the
 consolidated financial statements.
                                                  Independent Auditor’s Report




                                                  Other Information


2019 Annual Report
                                                  The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the
                                                  annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


                                                  Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance
                                                  conclusion thereon.
182
                                                  In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so,
                                                  consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                  in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a
                                                  material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


                                                  Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated Financial
                                                  Statements
                                                  The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
                                                  accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and for such internal
                                                  control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material
                                                  misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


                                                  In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going
                                                  concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors
                                                  either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


                                                  Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                                               2019 Annual Report
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in
accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability
to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud
or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic         183
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                               China International Capital Corporation Limited
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism throughout the
audit. We also:


•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design
      and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
      basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
      error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
      circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.


•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures
      made by the directors.


•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence
      obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s
      ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our
      auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify
      our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
      events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and
      whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
      presentation.


•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the
      Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and
      performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
                                                  Independent Auditor’s Report




                                                  Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                  We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
                                                  significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.


                                                  We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
                                                  independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
184                                               independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.


                                                  From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                  audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in
                                                  our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we
                                                  determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be
                                                  expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


                                                  The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Mr. Man Kai Sze.




                                                  Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                  Certified Public Accountants


                                                  Hong Kong, China
                                                  30 March 2020
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
for the Year ended 31 December 2019 (Expressed in Renminbi (“RMB”), unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               Notes            2019               2018


 Revenue:
 Fee and commission income                                                                      6      10,733,052,264    8,820,404,216
 Interest income                                                                                7       4,800,188,053    4,586,925,312
 Investment income                                                                              8       6,958,642,800    4,541,066,436    185


 Total revenue                                                                                         22,491,883,117   17,948,395,964




                                                                                                                                          China International Capital Corporation Limited
 Other income, net                                                                              9        290,627,436       591,257,896


 Total revenue and other income                                                                        22,782,510,553   18,539,653,860


 Expenses:
 Fee and commission expenses                                                                    10      1,186,330,727      868,605,501
 Interest expenses                                                                              11      5,895,513,419    4,870,885,014
 Staff costs                                                                                    12      7,202,881,554    5,737,844,920
 Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                                         15       913,235,412       301,902,598
 Tax and surcharges                                                                                       84,392,616        72,320,091
 Other operating expenses and costs                                                             16      2,099,330,393    2,345,135,899
 Impairment losses under expected credit loss model                                             17       159,597,831        74,176,168


 Total expenses                                                                                        17,541,281,952   14,270,870,191


 Operating profit                                                                                       5,241,228,601    4,268,783,669
 Share of profits of associates and joint ventures                                                        60,403,081       118,564,684


 Profit before income tax                                                                               5,301,631,682    4,387,348,353
 Less: Income tax expense                                                                       18      1,053,804,852      852,726,740


 Profit for the year                                                                                    4,247,826,830    3,534,621,613


 Attributable to:
    Shareholders of the Company and holders of other equity instruments                                 4,238,719,317    3,492,157,669
    Non-controlling interests                                                                               9,107,513       42,463,944
 Basic earnings per share (in RMB per share)                                                    20               0.99              0.83




The notes on pages 195 to 332 form part of these financial statements.
                                                  Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                                                  Other Comprehensive Income
                                                  for the year ended 31 December 2019 (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                                      2019               2018


                                                   Profit for the year                                                                        4,247,826,830    3,534,621,613


                                                   Other comprehensive income
186                                                Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
                                                   Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income:
                                                      – Net gains from changes in fair value                                                   370,839,097       408,925,202




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                      – (Reversal of)/provision for expected credit losses                                       (3,108,166)       6,834,257
                                                      – Tax effect                                                                              (17,850,298)     (69,959,604)
                                                      – Net gains transferred to profit or loss on disposals                                   (200,589,971)    (184,090,116)
                                                   Interests in associates and joint ventures:
                                                      – Share of other comprehensive income                                                        (103,278)               –
                                                   Foreign currency translation difference of financial statements of overseas subsidiaries    165,151,703       274,812,565


                                                   Total other comprehensive income for the year, net of income tax                            314,339,087       436,522,304


                                                   Total comprehensive income for the year                                                    4,562,165,917    3,971,143,917


                                                   Attributable to:
                                                      Shareholders of the Company and holders of other equity instruments                     4,553,058,404    3,928,679,973
                                                      Non-controlling interests                                                                   9,107,513       42,463,944




                                                  The notes on pages 195 to 332 form part of these financial statements.
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
as at 31 December 2019 (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report
                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                     Notes            2019               2018


 Non-current assets:
 Property and equipment                                               21        729,506,720        597,207,220
 Right-of-use assets                                                  22       2,603,508,871                –
 Goodwill                                                             23       1,582,678,646     1,582,678,646   187
 Intangible assets                                                    24        285,100,659        272,225,643
 Interests in associates and joint ventures                           25       1,168,476,657     1,266,950,588




                                                                                                                 China International Capital Corporation Limited
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                26       3,719,607,275     2,471,319,697
 Financial assets held under resale agreements (“reverse REPOs”)      27        241,608,278        739,070,482
 Refundable deposits                                                  28       6,502,093,854     3,489,936,509
 Deferred tax assets                                                  29       1,089,945,732     1,156,997,727
 Other non-current assets                                             30       1,315,599,799     1,813,311,700


 Total non-current assets                                                     19,238,126,491    13,389,698,212


 Current assets:
 Accounts receivable                                                  31      17,876,559,376    11,368,761,807
 Receivable from margin clients                                       32      23,189,950,890    17,716,209,967
 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income    33      28,985,823,339    35,699,665,877
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                26     164,472,286,846   112,313,583,432
 Reverse REPOs                                                        27      14,057,328,635    18,841,937,712
 Derivative financial assets                                          34       4,502,204,258     5,529,536,148
 Cash held on behalf of clients                                       35      48,458,799,900    37,902,902,736
 Cash and bank balances                                               36      23,958,928,670    22,424,488,162
 Other current assets                                                           231,234,510        233,756,299


 Total current assets                                                        325,733,116,424   262,030,842,140


 Total assets                                                                344,971,242,915   275,420,540,352
                                                  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                  as at 31 December 2019 (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                                                       Notes            2019               2018


                                                   Current liabilities:
                                                   Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss           38      26,570,318,854    15,094,248,271
                                                   Derivative financial liabilities                                     34       6,362,192,001     3,381,209,869
188                                                Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                39      48,337,872,171    41,317,904,126
                                                   Placements from financial institutions                               40      24,082,382,130     8,533,803,872
                                                   Short-term debt securities issued                                    41      21,240,334,869    14,061,377,785




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                   Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements (“REPOs”)          42      24,708,257,231    48,650,756,322
                                                   Employee benefits payable                                            43       4,843,433,026     3,938,854,639
                                                   Income tax payable                                                             991,893,266        759,950,938
                                                   Long-term debt securities issued due within one year                 45      21,806,085,676    12,993,890,883
                                                   Lease liabilities                                                    46        487,672,398                 –
                                                   Contract liabilities                                                 47        339,489,435        214,441,996
                                                   Other current liabilities                                            44      56,957,135,623    31,914,725,434


                                                   Total current liabilities                                                   236,727,066,680   180,861,164,135


                                                   Net current assets                                                           89,006,049,744    81,169,678,005


                                                   Total assets less current liabilities                                       108,244,176,235    94,559,376,217


                                                   Non-current liabilities:
                                                   Non-current employee benefits payable                                43        636,478,779        834,544,875
                                                   Long-term debt securities issued                                     45      57,585,268,714    48,998,790,985
                                                   Deferred tax liabilities                                             29        361,389,177        270,866,094
                                                   Lease liabilities                                                    46        972,322,130                 –
                                                   Other non-current liabilities                                        48        157,182,000      2,078,437,686


                                                   Total non-current liabilities                                                59,712,640,800    52,182,639,640


                                                   Net assets                                                                   48,531,535,435    42,376,736,577
                                                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                    Notes                2019                  2018


 Equity:
 Share capital                                                                       49          4,368,667,868         4,192,667,868
 Other equity instruments                                                            50          1,000,000,000         1,000,000,000
 Reserves                                                                            49        31,144,523,534         27,863,594,595     189
 Retained profits                                                                              11,780,607,940          9,127,261,314




                                                                                                                                         China International Capital Corporation Limited
 Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Company
    and holders of other equity instruments                                                    48,293,799,342         42,183,523,777
 Non-controlling interests                                                                        237,736,093           193,212,800


 Total equity                                                                                  48,531,535,435         42,376,736,577


The notes on pages 195 to 332 form part of these financial statements.


The consolidated financial statements on pages 185 to 332 were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 30 March
2020.




                 Shen Rujun                                 Huang Zhaohui
             Chairman of Board                          Chief Executive Officer                        Company chop
                                                  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                  For The Year Ended 31 December 2019 (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                                 Attributable to shareholders of the Company and holders of other equity instruments
                                                                                                                                                         Reserves
                                                                                                                                                                                             Foreign
                                                                                                           Other                                                         Investment         currency                                       Non-
                                                                                              Share        equity         Capital         Surplus          General       revaluation      translation      Retained                  controlling
                                                                                             capital instruments          reserve         reserve          reserves           reserve         reserve        profits     Subtotal      interests Total equity
190                                                                                      (Note 49(a))    (Note 50) (Note 49(b)(i)) (Note 49(b)(ii)) (Note 49(b)(iii)) (Note 49(b)(iv)) (Note 49(b)(v))


                                                   At 1 January 2019                   4,192,667,868 1,000,000,000 24,822,602,955 532,495,676 2,547,710,127               41,820,298     (81,034,461) 9,127,261,314 42,183,523,777 193,212,800 42,376,736,577




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                   Changes in equity for the year
                                                   Profit for the year                             –            –               –                –                –                 –               – 4,238,719,317 4,238,719,317     9,107,513 4,247,826,830
                                                   Other comprehensive income
                                                     for the year                                  –            –               –                –                –     149,187,384 165,151,703                   – 314,339,087               – 314,339,087


                                                   Total comprehensive income
                                                     for the year                                  –            –               –                –                –     149,187,384 165,151,703 4,238,719,317 4,553,058,404           9,107,513 4,562,165,917


                                                   Appropriation to surplus reserve                –            –               – 204,062,803                     –                 –               – (204,062,803)             –             –              –
                                                   Appropriation to general reserves               –            –               –                –     653,483,029                  –               – (653,483,029)             –             –              –
                                                   Distributions to holders
                                                     of perpetual
                                                     subordinated bonds                            –            –               –                –                –                 –               –    (57,000,000) (57,000,000)            –    (57,000,000)
                                                   Dividends to shareholders
                                                     of the Company                                –            –               –                –                –                 –               – (670,826,859) (670,826,859)             – (670,826,859)
                                                   Issuance of H shares                 176,000,000             – 2,109,044,020                  –                –                 –               –             – 2,285,044,020             – 2,285,044,020
                                                   Acquisition of a subsidiary
                                                     (Note 60(b))                                  –            –               –                –                –                 –               –             –             –    44,411,965    44,411,965
                                                   Liquidation of subsidiaries                     –            –               –                –                –                 –               –             –             –    (8,996,185)    (8,996,185)


                                                   At 31 December 2019                 4,368,667,868 1,000,000,000 26,931,646,975 736,558,479 3,201,193,156             191,007,682       84,117,242 11,780,607,940 48,293,799,342 237,736,093 48,531,535,435
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report
                                                                   Attributable to shareholders of the Company and holders of other equity instruments
                                                                                                        Reserves
                                                                                                                                              Foreign
                                                          Other                                                          Investment         currency                                          Non-
                                            Share         equity         Capital         Surplus           General       revaluation       translation      Retained                    controlling
                                           capital   instruments         reserve          reserve         reserves           reserve          reserve          profits      Subtotal       interests   Total equity
                                      (Note 49(a))     (Note 50) (Note 49(b)(i)) (Note 49(b)(ii)) (Note 49(b)(iii)) (Note 49(b)(iv)) (Note 49(b)(v))                                                                   191



 At 31 December 2017                 3,985,130,809 1,000,000,000 22,721,145,372      347,068,722     2,030,134,969      (135,103,088) (355,847,026) 7,114,159,008 36,706,688,766        185,748,856 36,892,437,622




                                                                                                                                                                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited
 Adjustment on initial application
   of IFRS 9 (net of tax)                       –             –                –               –                   –      15,213,647                –     (48,226,392)   (33,012,745)             –     (33,012,745)


 At 1 January 2018                   3,985,130,809 1,000,000,000 22,721,145,372      347,068,722     2,030,134,969      (119,889,441) (355,847,026) 7,065,932,616 36,673,676,021        185,748,856 36,859,424,877


 Changes in equity for the year
 Profit for the year                            –             –                –               –                   –               –                – 3,492,157,669 3,492,157,669        42,463,944 3,534,621,613
 Other comprehensive income
   for the year                                 –             –                –               –                   –     161,709,739     274,812,565                –    436,522,304              –    436,522,304


 Total comprehensive income
   for the year                                 –             –                –               –                   –     161,709,739     274,812,565 3,492,157,669 3,928,679,973         42,463,944 3,971,143,917


 Appropriation to surplus reserve               –             –                –     185,426,954                   –               –                –    (185,426,954)             –              –               –
 Appropriation to general reserves              –             –                –               –       572,974,932                 –                –    (572,974,932)             –              –               –
 Distributions to holders of
   perpetual subordinated bonds                 –             –                –               –                   –               –                –     (57,000,000)   (57,000,000)             –     (57,000,000)
 Dividends to shareholders
   of the Company                               –             –                –               –                   –               –                –    (670,826,859) (670,826,859)              –    (670,826,859)
 Dividends to non-controlling
   shareholders                                 –             –                –               –                   –               –                –               –              –    (36,000,000)    (36,000,000)
 Issuance of H shares                 207,537,059             – 2,101,457,583                  –                   –               –                –               – 2,308,994,642               – 2,308,994,642
 Contribution by non-controlling
   interests                                    –             –                –               –                   –               –                –               –              –      1,000,000       1,000,000
 Others                                         –             –                –               –       (55,399,774)                –                –     55,399,774               –              –               –


 At 31 December 2018                 4,192,667,868 1,000,000,000 24,822,602,955      532,495,676     2,547,710,127        41,820,298      (81,034,461) 9,127,261,314 42,183,523,777     193,212,800 42,376,736,577




The notes on pages 195 to 332 form part of these financial statements.
                                                  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                  for the year ended 31 December 2019 (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                          2019                   2018
                                                                                                                                                                                            (Restated)


                                                   Cash flows from operating activities:


192                                                Profit before income tax                                                                                    5,301,631,682            4,387,348,353
                                                   Adjustments for:
                                                   Net interest expenses on debt securities issued and others                                                  3,611,755,518            2,996,954,181




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                   Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                                                        913,235,412              301,902,598
                                                   Impairment losses under expected credit loss model                                                            159,597,831               74,176,168
                                                   Net losses on disposal of property, equipment and other assets                                                   6,165,220              11,934,189
                                                   Foreign exchange gains                                                                                       (128,163,134)            (434,989,176)
                                                   Losses/(gains) on changes in fair value of financial instruments
                                                      at fair value through profit or loss                                                                     2,764,522,596             (942,601,713)
                                                   Interest income from financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                     (1,160,481,477)            (915,365,620)
                                                   Dividend income from investments in financial assets,
                                                      and share of profits of associates and joint ventures                                                     (183,934,701)            (160,969,378)
                                                   Net gains on disposal of investment                                                                          (329,902,783)            (251,009,220)


                                                   Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                                                  10,954,426,164             5,067,380,382


                                                   (Increase)/decrease in receivables from margin clients                                                     (5,402,373,306)           4,528,628,700
                                                   Increase in accounts receivable, other receivables and prepayments                                         (6,852,979,642)          (2,726,753,528)
                                                   Decrease/(increase) in reverse REPOs                                                                        5,251,248,559           (5,004,233,345)
                                                   Increase in financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss                                    (39,788,859,553)         (10,619,210,123)
                                                   (Increase)/decrease in cash held on behalf of clients                                                     (10,553,418,153)           6,328,630,073
                                                   (Increase)/decrease in restricted bank deposits                                                              (400,882,159)             305,593,849
                                                   Increase in refundable deposits                                                                            (3,012,242,820)            (704,340,551)
                                                   Increase/(decrease) in accounts payable to brokerage clients                                                7,019,714,725           (6,036,229,946)
                                                   (Decrease)/increase in REPOs                                                                              (23,930,577,902)          17,937,809,498
                                                   Increase in other liabilities                                                                             39,738,432,988             2,442,128,629


                                                   Cash (used in)/generated from operating activities, before tax                                            (26,977,511,099)          11,519,403,638
                                                   Income taxes paid                                                                                            (680,321,278)            (463,310,352)


                                                   Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities                                                    (27,657,832,377)          11,056,093,286



                                                  Note: From 2019 onwards, the cash flows of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”) are presented under “Cash flows
                                                        from investing activities” in the consolidated statement of cash flows. Accordingly, the comparative figures of cash flows of FVTOCI, which were
                                                        presented under “Cash flows from operating activities” in the prior year, has been reclassified to conform with the current year presentation.
                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report
                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                           2019               2018
                                                                                         (Restated)


Cash flows from investing activities:


Receipts from disposal of investments                            45,813,119,051     34,605,206,672     193
Investment returns received                                       1,005,047,284        689,602,248
Cash and cash equivalents from acquisition of subsidiaries           25,251,681                   –




                                                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited
Proceeds from disposal of property, equipment and other assets        1,752,207            745,164
Purchase of investments                                          (39,902,385,252)   (53,877,144,126)
Purchase of property, equipment and other assets                   (490,421,396)      (447,657,156)


Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities            6,452,363,575     (19,029,247,198)


Cash flows from financing activities:


Proceeds from issuance of beneficiary certificates               64,479,473,418     49,066,845,400
Proceeds from issuance of structured notes                       10,350,739,565      6,416,379,004
Proceeds from issuance of subordinated bonds                      9,500,000,000      2,500,000,000
Proceeds from issuance of medium-term notes (“MTNS”)              6,734,400,000      7,152,300,000
Proceeds from corporate bonds issued                              6,500,000,000      9,500,000,000
Proceeds from issuance of financial bonds                         2,500,000,000                   –
Proceeds from issuance of shares                                  2,285,044,020      2,308,994,642
Capital contribution from non-controlling interests                            –         1,000,000
Repayment of beneficiary certificates                            (61,273,122,933)   (46,919,649,400)
Repayment of structured notes                                     (5,822,951,719)    (5,056,301,166)
Repayment of MTNS                                                 (3,449,400,000)    (1,769,912,000)
Cash paid for interest                                            (3,407,297,145)    (2,800,781,718)
Repayment of corporate bonds                                      (3,224,000,000)    (3,500,000,000)
Repayment of subordinated bonds                                   (2,200,000,000)    (4,000,000,000)
Dividends paid to shareholders of the Company                      (670,826,859)      (670,826,859)
Repayment of lease liabilities                                     (532,004,072)                  –
Distribution to holders of other equity instruments                  (57,000,000)       (57,000,000)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                    –        (36,000,000)
Cash outflows associated with other financing activities             (36,182,940)       (33,210,310)


Net cash generated from financing activities                     21,676,871,335     12,101,837,593
                                                  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                  for the year ended 31 December 2019 (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                    Note            2019               2018
                                                                                                                                                                 (Restated)


                                                   Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                 471,402,533      4,128,683,681
                                                   Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                  21,954,987,644    17,412,367,179
194                                                Effect of exchange rate                                                                   671,205,079       413,936,784


                                                   Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                  37    23,097,595,256    21,954,987,644




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                   Net cash used in operating activities including:
                                                      Interest received                                                                     5,443,865,416     5,193,845,327
                                                      Interest paid                                                                        (1,887,262,091)   (1,923,341,141)




                                                  The notes on pages 195 to 332 form part of these financial statements.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




1.     GENERAL INFORMATION


                                                                                                                                              2019 Annual Report
       China International Capital Corporation Limited (中國國際金融股份有限公司) (the “Company”) was established on 25 June
       1995 in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) as approved by the People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”). On 31 July 1995, it obtained
       the Business License for Enterprise Legal Person (Qi He Guo Zi No.000599) issued by the State Administration for Industry and
       Commerce of the PRC.


       Pursuant to a conversion completed on 1 June 2015, the Company was converted into a joint stock company with limited liability.        195


       The Company was listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 9 November 2015.




                                                                                                                                              China International Capital Corporation Limited
       The Company acquired 100% equity interests of China CICC Wealth Management Securities Company Limited (formerly known
       as China Investment Securities Company Limited) (“CICC Wealth Management”) in March 2017 and issued 1,678,461,809 domestic
       shares to Central Huijin investment Ltd. (“Huijin”) as a consideration of the acquisition. After the completion of the issuance, the
       registered capital and share capital of the Company increased to RMB3,985,130,809.


       The Company issued 207,537,059 new H shares to Tencent Mobility Limited in March 2018. After the completion of the issuance,
       the registered capital and share capital of the Company increased to RMB4,192,667,868.


       The Company completed general mandate of placement and issuance of 176,000,000 new H shares in October 2019. After the
       completion of the issuance, the registered capital and share capital of the Company increased to RMB4,368,667,868.


       The Company’s unified social credit code is 91110000625909986U, and the registered address of the Company is the 27th and 28th
       Floor, China World Trade Center 2, 1 Jian Guo Men Wai Avenue, Beijing, the PRC. As at 31 December 2019, the Company has 23
       securities business offices and 7 branches. Please refer to Note 60 for details of subsidiaries of the Company.


       The Company and its subsidiaries (together “the Group”) are principally engaged in investment banking business, equities business,
       fixed-income, currency and commodity (“FICC”) business, investment management business, wealth management business and
       other business activities.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  2.     APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL


2019 Annual Report
                                                         REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)
                                                         (a) New and Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
                                                                The Group has applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
                                                                (“IASB”) for the first time in the current year:

196
                                                                IFRS 16                                               Leases
                                                                IFRIC 23 (Note)                                       Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments
                                                                Amendments to IAS 28                                  Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                Amendments to IAS 19                                  Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement
                                                                Amendments to IFRSs                                   Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2015-2017 Cycle

                                                                Note:     IFRIC: Interpretations issued by the IFRS Interpretations Committee of the IASB.

                                                                Except as described below, the application of the new and amendments to IFRSs in the current year has had no material
                                                                effect on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior periods and/or on the disclosures set out
                                                                in these consolidated financial statements.


                                                                (i)     Impacts and changes in accounting policies of application of IFRS 16
                                                                        The Group has applied IFRS 16 for the first time in the current year. IFRS 16 superseded IAS 17 Leases (“IAS 17”) and the
                                                                        related interpretations.


                                                                        Definition of a lease
                                                                        The Group has elected the practical expedient to apply IFRS 16 to contracts that were previously identified as leases
                                                                        applying IAS 17 and IFRIC 4 Determining whether an Arrangement contains a Lease and not to apply IFRS 16 to
                                                                        contracts that were not previously identified as containing a lease. Therefore, the Group has not reassessed, on the
                                                                        date of initial application, whether the contracts, which already existed prior to the date of initial application, were or
                                                                        contained a lease.


                                                                        For contracts entered into or modified on or after 1 January 2019, the Group applies the definition of a lease set out in
                                                                        IFRS 16 in assessing whether a contract contains a lease.
2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL


                                                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report
     REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (continued)
     (a) New and Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year (continued)
         (i)   Impacts and changes in accounting policies of application of IFRS 16 (continued)
               As a lessee
               The Group has applied IFRS 16 retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying the standard recognised      197

               at the date of initial application, 1 January 2019.




                                                                                                                                           China International Capital Corporation Limited
               As at 1 January 2019, the Group recognised additional lease liabilities and right-of-use assets at amounts equal to the
               related lease liabilities adjusted by any prepaid or accrued lease payments by applying IFRS 16.C8(b)(ii) transition. Any
               difference at the date of initial application is recognised in the opening retained profits and comparative information
               has not been restated.


               When applying the modified retrospective approach under IFRS 16 at transition, the Group applied the following
               practical expedients to leases previously classified as operating leases under IAS 17, on a lease-by-lease basis, to the
               extent relevant to the respective lease contracts:


               (1)   elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for leases with lease term ends within 12 months
                     of the date of initial application;


               (2)   excluded initial direct costs from the measurement of the right-of-use assets at the date of initial application;


               (3)   used hindsight based on facts and circumstances as at date of initial application in determining the lease term
                     for the Group’s leases with extension or termination options.


               When recognising the lease liabilities for leases previously classified as operating leases, the Group has applied the
               incremental borrowing rates of the relevant entities at the date of initial application. The weighted average lessee’s
               incremental borrowing rate applied is 4.80%.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  2.     APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL


2019 Annual Report
                                                         REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (continued)
                                                         (a) New and Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year (continued)
                                                                (i)    Impacts and changes in accounting policies of application of IFRS 16 (continued)
                                                                       As a lessee (continued)

198
                                                                                                                                                                         Lease
                                                                                                                                                                     liabilities


                                                                         Operating lease commitments disclosed as at 31 December 2018                            1,499,512,935




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                         Lease liabilities discounted at relevant incremental borrowing rates                    1,215,486,474
                                                                         Add: Extension options reasonably certain to be exercised                                 360,030,291
                                                                         Less: Recognition exemption – short-term leases                                           (20,620,529)


                                                                         Lease liabilities relating to operating leases recognised upon application of IFRS 16   1,554,896,236
                                                                         Add: Obligations under finance leases recognised as at 31 December 2018                     1,922,057


                                                                         Lease liabilities as at 1 January 2019                                                  1,556,818,293


                                                                         Analysed as:
                                                                         – Current                                                                                 461,551,936
                                                                         – Non current                                                                           1,095,266,357


                                                                                                                                                                 1,556,818,293
2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL


                                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report
     REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (continued)
     (a) New and Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year (continued)
         (i)   Impacts and changes in accounting policies of application of IFRS 16 (continued)
               As a lessee (continued)
               The carrying amount of right-of-use assets as at 1 January 2019 comprises the following:                      199


                                                                                                              Right-of-use




                                                                                                                             China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                                     Notes          assets


                Right-of-use assets in relation to operating leases recognised upon application
                   of IFRS 16                                                                                1,554,896,236
                Reclassified from prepaid lease payments                                              (1)    1,190,265,456
                Amounts included in property and equipment under IAS 17
                – Assets previously under finance leases                                              (2)       1,743,476


                Right-of-use assets as at 1 January 2019                                                     2,746,905,168


                Analysed by type:
                – Buildings                                                                                  1,597,467,973
                – Leasehold land                                                                             1,147,558,409
                – Equipment                                                                                      1,878,786


                                                                                                             2,746,905,168
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  2.     APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL


2019 Annual Report
                                                         REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (continued)
                                                         (a) New and Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year (continued)
                                                                (i)    Impacts and changes in accounting policies of application of IFRS 16 (continued)
                                                                       As a lessee (continued)
200                                                                    The following adjustments were made to the amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position
                                                                       as at 1 January 2019. Line items that were not affected by the changes have not been included.




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                                    Carrying amounts
                                                                                                                                            previously                         Carrying amounts
                                                                                                                                              reported                            under IFRS 16
                                                                                                                                      at 31 December                                at 1 January
                                                                                                                           Notes                  2018        Adjustments                  2019


                                                                         Non-current assets
                                                                         Right-of-use assets                                                         –       2,746,905,168        2,746,905,168
                                                                         Property and equipment                              (2)           597,207,220           (1,743,476)        595,463,744
                                                                         Other non-current assets                            (1)         1,813,311,700      (1,147,558,409)         665,753,291
                                                                         Current assets
                                                                         Other current assets                                (1)           233,756,299         (42,707,047)         191,049,252
                                                                         Current liabilities
                                                                         Lease liabilities                                                           –        (461,551,936)        (461,551,936)
                                                                         Other current liabilities                                     (31,914,725,434)            560,398       (31,914,165,036)
                                                                         Non-current liabilities
                                                                         Lease liabilities                                                           –      (1,095,266,357)       (1,095,266,357)
                                                                         Other non-current liabilities                                  (2,078,437,686)          1,361,659        (2,077,076,027)


                                                                       (1)    As at 31 December 2018, the land use rights of RMB1,147,558,409 were recognised as other non-current assets
                                                                              and prepaid rental deposits of RMB42,707,047 were recognised as other current assets. The land use rights
                                                                              represented upfront payments for leasehold in Mainland China. Upon application of IFRS 16, the prepaid lease
                                                                              payments amounting to RMB1,190,265,456 was reclassified to right of-use assets.


                                                                       (2)    In relation to assets previously under finance leases, the Group recategorised the relevant assets which were still
                                                                              under finance leases as at 1 January 2019 with a carrying amount RMB1,743,476 as right-of-use assets.


                                                                       (3)    For the purpose of reporting cash flows from operating activities under indirect method for the year ended
                                                                              31 December 2019, movements in working capital have been computed based on the opening consolidated
                                                                              statement of financial position as at 1 January 2019 as disclosed above.
2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL


                                                                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report
     REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (continued)
     (b) New and Amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective
         The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective:


         IFRS 17                                                       Insurance Contracts i
                                                                                                                                                       201
         Amendments to IFRS 3                                          Definition of a Business ii
         Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                              Sale or Contribution of Assets between an
                                                                          Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture iii




                                                                                                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited
         Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8                                 Definition of Material iv
         Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7                       Interest Rate Benchmark Reform iv
         Amendments to IAS 1                                           Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current v

         (i)     Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022.

         (ii)    Effective for business combinations and asset acquisitions for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the first
                 annual period beginning on or after 1 January 2020.

         (iii)   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.

         (iv)    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020.

         (v)     Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022.

         In addition to the above new and amendments to IFRSs, a revised Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting was issued
         in 2018. Its consequential amendments, the Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards, will
         be effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020.


         The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of the above new and amendments to IFRSs will have no
         material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES


2019 Annual Report
                                                         The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards issued
                                                         by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable
                                                         disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (“Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
                                                         and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (“CO”).


202                                                      The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain financial instruments that
                                                         are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting policies set out below.




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                         Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.


                                                         Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
                                                         participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation
                                                         technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or
                                                         liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement
                                                         date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on
                                                         such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment , leasing
                                                         transactions that are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 16 (since 1 January 2019) or IAS 17 (before application of IFRS 16), and
                                                         measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in IAS 2 Inventories or
                                                         value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets .


                                                         In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level I, II or III based on the degree to
                                                         which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in
                                                         its entirety, which are described as follows:


                                                         •      Level I inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access at
                                                                the measurement date;


                                                         •      Level II inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level I, that are observable for the asset or liability, either
                                                                directly or indirectly; and


                                                         •      Level III inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.


                                                         The principal accounting policies are set out below.
3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                                                                                                                              2019 Annual Report
     (a) Basis of consolidation
         (i)   Business combinations
               The Group accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when control is transferred to the Group.
               The consideration transferred in the acquisition is generally measured at fair value, as well as the identifiable net assets
               acquired. Any goodwill that arises is tested annually for impairment. Any gain on a bargain purchase is recognised in          203
               profit or loss immediately. Transaction costs are expensed as incurred, except if related to the issue of debt or equity
               securities.




                                                                                                                                              China International Capital Corporation Limited
               At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair value,
               except that:


               •      deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are recognised
                      and measured in accordance with IAS 12 Income Taxes and IAS 19 Employee Benefits respectively;


               •      assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held
                      for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that standard; and


               •      lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments (as defined
                      in IFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except for leases for which (a) the
                      lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the underlying asset is of low value. Right-of-use
                      assets are recognised and measured at the same amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect
                      favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when compared with market terms.


               The consideration transferred does not include amounts related to the settlement of pre-existing relationships. Such
               amounts are generally recognised in profit or loss.


               Any contingent consideration is measured at fair value at the date of acquisition. If an obligation to pay contingent
               consideration that meets the definition of a financial instrument is classified as equity, then it is not remeasured and
               settlement is accounted for within equity. Otherwise, other contingent consideration is remeasured at fair value at
               each reporting date and subsequent changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration are recognised in profit
               or loss.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (a) Basis of consolidation (continued)
                                                                (ii)   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests
                                                                       Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to
                                                                       variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over
204                                                                    the entity. When assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties)
                                                                       are considered.




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                       An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the financial statements from the date that control commences until
                                                                       the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any unrealised gains arising from
                                                                       intra-group transactions are eliminated in full when preparing the financial statements. Unrealised losses resulting
                                                                       from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains but only to the extent that there is
                                                                       no evidence of impairment.


                                                                       Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the Group, and
                                                                       in respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those interests which would
                                                                       result in the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meets the definition of
                                                                       a financial liability. For each business combination, the Group can elect to measure any non-controlling interests either
                                                                       at fair value or at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets.


                                                                       Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately
                                                                       from equity attributable to shareholders of the Company. Non-controlling interests in the results of the Group are
                                                                       presented on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as an allocation
                                                                       of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between holders of non-controlling interests
                                                                       and shareholders of the Company.


                                                                       Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity
                                                                       transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within
                                                                       consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain
                                                                       or loss is recognised. Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and
                                                                       the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the
                                                                       Company.
3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                                                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report
     (a) Basis of consolidation (continued)
         (ii)   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (continued)
                When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that subsidiary.
                A gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss and is calculated as the difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair
                value of the consideration received and the fair value of any retained interest and (ii) the carrying amount of the assets       205
                (including goodwill), and liabilities of the subsidiary attributable to the owner of the Company. All amounts previously
                recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary are accounted for as if the Group had directly
                disposed of the related assets or liabilities of the subsidiary (i.e. reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another




                                                                                                                                                 China International Capital Corporation Limited
                category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable IFRSs). Any interest retained in that former subsidiary at the
                date when control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition
                of a financial asset (see Note 3(e)) or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate
                or a joint venture. (see Note 3(a)(iii)).


                In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less impairment losses
                (see Note 3(k)), unless the investment is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as
                held for sale).


         (iii) Associates and joint ventures
                An associate is an entity in which the Group has significant influence, but not control or joint control, over its
                management, including participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.


                A joint venture is an arrangement whereby the Group and other parties contractually agree to share control of the
                arrangement, and have rights to the net assets of the arrangement.


                An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for in the financial statements under the equity
                method, unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as held for sale). Under
                the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share of the
                acquisition-date fair values of the investee’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if any). The cost
                of the investment includes purchase price, other costs directly attributable to the acquisition of the investment, and
                any direct investment into the associate or joint venture that forms part of the Group’s equity investment. Thereafter,
                the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the investee’s net assets and any
                impairment loss relating to the investment (see Note 3(k)). Any acquisition-date excess over cost, the Group’s share
                of the post-acquisition post-tax results of the investees and any impairment losses for the year are recognised in
                the Group’s profit or loss, whereas the Group’s share of the post-acquisition post-tax items of the investee’s other
                comprehensive income is recognised in the Group’s other comprehensive income.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (a) Basis of consolidation (continued)
                                                                (iii) Associates and joint ventures (continued)
                                                                       When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or the joint venture, the Group’s interest is
                                                                       reduced to nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred
206                                                                    legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose, the Group’s interest is
                                                                       the carrying amount of the investment under the equity method together with any other long-term interests that in
                                                                       substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate or the joint venture.




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                       Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates or joint ventures are
                                                                       eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an
                                                                       impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.


                                                                       If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained interest is not
                                                                       remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method.


                                                                       In all other cases, when the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over a joint
                                                                       venture, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being
                                                                       recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when significant influence or joint
                                                                       control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial
                                                                       asset (see Note 3(e)).


                                                                       In the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position, investments in associates and joint ventures are accounted
                                                                       for under the equity method, unless classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as held
                                                                       for sale).


                                                         (b) Goodwill
                                                                Goodwill represents the excess of:


                                                                (i)    the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the
                                                                       acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree; over


                                                                (ii)   the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition date.


                                                                When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a bargain purchase.


                                                                Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill arising on a business combination is allocated to
                                                                each cash-generating unit (“CGU”), or groups of cash-generating units (“CGUs”), that is expected to benefit from the synergies
                                                                of the combination and is tested annually for impairment (see Note 3(k)).


                                                                On disposal of a CGU during the year, any attributable amount of purchased goodwill is included in the calculation of the
                                                                profit or loss on disposal.
3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                                                                                                                               2019 Annual Report
     (c) Foreign currency
         (i)    Translation of foreign currencies
                When the Group receives capital in foreign currencies from investors, the capital is translated to RMB at the spot
                exchange rates ruling at the date of receipt. Other foreign currency transactions are, on initial recognition, translated to
                RMB at the exchange rates that approximate the spot exchange rate ruling at the transaction dates.                             207


                A spot exchange rate is quoted by the PBOC, the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or a cross rate determined




                                                                                                                                               China International Capital Corporation Limited
                based on quoted exchange rates. A rate that approximates the spot exchange rate is determined by a systematic and
                rational method, normally the average exchange rate of the current period.


                Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rates
                ruling at the end of the year. Exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss, except those arising from
                foreign currency used to hedge a net investment in a foreign operation that are recognised in other comprehensive
                income.


                Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated to
                RMB using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated
                in foreign currencies that are stated at fair value are translated to RMB using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the
                dates the fair value is measured. The exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss, except for the exchange
                differences arising from the translation of non-monetary financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
                income which are recognised in other comprehensive income.


         (ii)   Foreign operations
                The results of foreign operations are translated to RMB at the exchange rates approximating the spot exchange rate
                ruling at the transaction dates. Statement of financial position items are translated to RMB at the closing foreign
                exchange rates at the end of the year. The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive
                income and accumulated separately in equity in the foreign currency translation reserve.


                Upon disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the exchange differences relating to that foreign
                operation is reclassified from equity to profit or loss when the profit or loss on disposal is recognised.


     (d) Cash and cash equivalents
         Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash and bank balances, demand deposits with banks and other institutions, and
         short-term, highly liquid investments which are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and which are subject to an
         insignificant risk of change in value.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (e) Financial instruments
                                                                (i)    Recognition and initial measurement
                                                                       Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual
                                                                       provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised
208                                                                    on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of
                                                                       assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                       A financial asset (unless it is a trade receivable without a significant financing component) or financial liability is initially
                                                                       measured at fair value plus, for an item not at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), transaction costs that are
                                                                       directly attributable to its acquisition or issue. A trade receivable without a significant financing component is initially
                                                                       measured at the transaction price.


                                                                       The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability and
                                                                       of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that
                                                                       exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form
                                                                       an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected
                                                                       life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on
                                                                       initial recognition.


                                                                       For purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, a credit-adjusted effective interest rate is calculated
                                                                       by discounting the estimated future cash flows, including expected credit losses, to the amortised cost on initial
                                                                       recognition.


                                                                (ii)   Classification and subsequent measurement
                                                                       (1)    Financial assets
                                                                              On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as measured at: amortised cost; fair value through other
                                                                              comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”) (including debt investment and equity investment); or FVTPL.


                                                                              Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition unless the Group changes its business
                                                                              model for managing financial assets, in which case all affected financial assets are reclassified on the first day of
                                                                              the first reporting period following the change in the business model.


                                                                              A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated
                                                                              as at FVTPL:


                                                                              –       it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows; and


                                                                              –       its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
                                                                                      interest on the principal amount outstanding (“SPPI”).
3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                                                                                                                                2019 Annual Report
     (e) Financial instruments (continued)
         (ii)   Classification and subsequent measurement (continued)
                (1)   Financial assets (continued)
                      A debt investment is measured at FVTOCI if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as
                      at FVTPL:                                                                                                                 209


                      –        it is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows




                                                                                                                                                China International Capital Corporation Limited
                               and selling financial assets; and


                      –        its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
                               interest on the principal amount outstanding (“SPPI”).


                      On initial recognition of an equity investment that is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration
                      recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 Business Combinations applies, the Group
                      may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in the investment’s fair value in other comprehensive
                      income (OCI). This election is made on an investment-by-investment basis.


                      All financial assets not classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI as described above are measured at
                      FVTPL. This includes all derivative financial assets (see Note 34). On initial recognition, the Group may irrevocably
                      designate a financial asset that otherwise meets the requirements to be measured at amortised cost or at
                      FVTOCI as at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would otherwise
                      arise.


                      Financial assets – Business model assessment


                      The Group makes an assessment of the objective of the business model in which a financial asset is held at
                      a portfolio level because this best reflects the way the business is managed and information is provided to
                      management. The information considered includes:


                      –        the stated policies and objectives for the portfolio and the operation of those policies in practice. These
                               include whether management’s strategy focuses on earning contractual interest income, maintaining a
                               particular interest rate profile, matching the duration of the financial assets to the duration of any related
                               liabilities or expected cash outflows or realising cash flows through the sale of the assets;


                      –        how the performance of the portfolio is evaluated and reported to the Group’s management;


                      –        the risks that affect the performance of the business model (and the financial assets held within that
                               business model) and how those risks are managed;
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (e) Financial instruments (continued)
                                                                (ii)   Classification and subsequent measurement (continued)
                                                                       (1)    Financial assets (continued)
                                                                              Financial assets – Business model assessment (continued)
210

                                                                              –      how managers of the business are compensated – e.g. whether compensation is based on the fair value
                                                                                     of the assets managed or the contractual cash flows collected; and




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                              –      the frequency, volume and timing of sales of financial assets in prior periods, the reasons for such sales
                                                                                     and expectations about future sales activity.


                                                                              Transfers of financial assets to third parties in transactions that do not qualify for derecognition are not
                                                                              considered sales for this purpose, consistent with the Group’s continuing recognition of the assets.


                                                                              Financial assets that are held for trading or are managed and whose performance is evaluated on a fair value
                                                                              basis are measured at FVTPL.


                                                                              Financial assets – The “SPPI” assessment


                                                                              For the purposes of this assessment, ‘principal’ is defined as the fair value of the financial asset on initial
                                                                              recognition. ‘Interest’ is defined as consideration for the time value of money and for the credit risk associated
                                                                              with the principal amount outstanding during a particular period of time and for other basic lending risks and
                                                                              costs (e.g. liquidity risk and administrative costs), as well as a profit margin.


                                                                              In assessing whether the contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest, the Group
                                                                              considers the contractual terms of the instrument. This includes assessing whether the financial asset contains a
                                                                              contractual term that could change the timing or amount of contractual cash flows such that it would not meet
                                                                              this condition. In making this assessment, the Group considers:


                                                                              –      contingent events that would change the amount or timing of cash flows;


                                                                              –      terms that may adjust the contractual coupon rate, including variable-rate features;


                                                                              –      prepayment and extension features; and


                                                                              –      terms that limit the Group’s claim to cash flows from specified assets (e.g. non-recourse features).
3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                                                                                                                               2019 Annual Report
     (e) Financial instruments (continued)
         (ii)   Classification and subsequent measurement (continued)
                (1)   Financial assets (continued)
                      Financial assets – Business model assessment (continued)
                                                                                                                                               211

                      A prepayment feature is consistent with the solely payments of principal and interest criterion if the prepayment
                      amount substantially represents unpaid amounts of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding,




                                                                                                                                               China International Capital Corporation Limited
                      which may include reasonable additional compensation for early termination of the contract. Additionally, for a
                      financial asset acquired at a discount or premium to its contractual paramount, a feature that permits or requires
                      prepayment at an amount that substantially represents the contractual par amount plus accrued (but unpaid)
                      contractual interest (which may also include reasonable additional compensation for early termination) is treated
                      as consistent with this criterion if the fair value of the prepayment feature is insignificant at initial recognition.


                      Financial assets – Subsequent measurement and gains and losses

                      Financial assets classified                  These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Net gains and
                        as at FVTPL                                losses, including any interest or dividend income, are recognised in
                                                                   profit or loss. See Note 34(a) for derivatives designated as hedging
                                                                   instruments.


                      Financial assets classified                  These assets are subsequently measured at amortised cost using
                        as at amortised cost                       the effective interest method. The amortised cost is reduced by
                                                                   impairment losses. Interest income, foreign exchange gains and
                                                                   losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or
                                                                   loss on derecognition is recognised in profit or loss. For purchased
                                                                   or originated credit-impaired financial assets, the Group recognises
                                                                   interest by applying the credit-adjusted effective interest rate to the
                                                                   amortised cost of the financial asset from initial recognition. The
                                                                   calculation does not revert to the gross basis even if the credit risk of
                                                                   the financial asset subsequently improves so that the financial asset is
                                                                   no longer credit-impaired.


                      Debt investments classified                  These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Interest income
                        as at FVTOCI                               calculated using the effective interest method, foreign exchange gains
                                                                   and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Other net
                                                                   gains and losses are recognised in OCI. On derecognition, gains and
                                                                   losses accumulated in OCI are reclassified to profit or loss.


                      Equity investments classified                These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Dividends are
                        as at FVTOCI                               recognised as income in profit or loss unless the dividend clearly
                                                                   represents a recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Other net
                                                                   gains and losses are recognised in OCI and are never reclassified to
                                                                   profit or loss.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (e) Financial instruments (continued)
                                                                (ii)   Classification and subsequent measurement (continued)
                                                                       (2)    Impairment of financial assets
                                                                              The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model and recognises loss
212                                                                           allowances on the following items:


                                                                              –      financial assets measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents, reverse REPOs, trade




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                     and other receivables in accordance with IFRS 15 and loans to associates);


                                                                              –      debt investment measured at FVTOCI; and


                                                                              –      contract assets in accordance with IFRS 15.


                                                                              The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, except for the following, which are
                                                                              measured at 12-month ECLs:


                                                                              –      debt securities that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date; and


                                                                              –      other debt securities and bank balances for which credit risk (i.e. the risk of default occurring over the
                                                                                     expected life of the financial instrument) has not increased significantly since initial recognition.


                                                                              The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables and contract assets that result from transactions
                                                                              that are within the scope of IFRS 15, and that do not contain a significant financing component in accordance
                                                                              with IFRS 15 (or when the group applies the practical expedient in accordance with IFRS 15). The ECL on these
                                                                              assets are assessed individually for debtors with significant balances and/or collectively using a provision matrix
                                                                              with appropriate groupings.


                                                                              The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.


                                                                              When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition
                                                                              and when estimating ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and
                                                                              available without undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis,
                                                                              based on the Group’s historical experience and informed credit assessment and including forward-looking
                                                                              information.
3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                                                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report
     (e) Financial instruments (continued)
         (ii)   Classification and subsequent measurement (continued)
                (2)   Impairment of financial assets (continued)
                      In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased
                      significantly:                                                                                                             213


                      •      significant changes in external market indicators of credit risk for a particular financial instruments or




                                                                                                                                                 China International Capital Corporation Limited
                             similar financial instruments with the same expected life;


                      •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external or internal (if available)
                             credit rating;


                      •      an actual or expected internal credit rating downgrade for the borrower;


                      •      existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to
                             cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;


                      •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;


                      •      an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                             environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt
                             obligations;


                      •      significant deterioration in the value of the collateral supporting the obligation or the quality of third-party
                             guarantees or credit enhancements;


                      •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the quality of credit enhancement;


                      •      significant changes in the expected performance and behavior of the borrower.


                      Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial asset
                      has increased significantly if it is more than 30 days past due.


                      Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the Group identifies significant changes in credit risk on
                      individual financial instruments or a group or sub-group of financial instruments. For purpose of determining
                      significant increases in credit risk on a collective basis, the Group groups financial instruments on the basis of
                      shared credit risk characteristics, which may include, past-due status and credit risk ratings.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (e) Financial instruments (continued)
                                                                (ii)   Classification and subsequent measurement (continued)
                                                                       (2)    Impairment of financial assets (continued)
                                                                              The Group considers a financial asset to be in default when:
214

                                                                              –      the borrower is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the Group to
                                                                                     actions such as realising security (if any is held); or




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                              –      the financial asset is more than 90 days past due.


                                                                              Lifetime ECLs are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial
                                                                              instrument.


                                                                              12-month ECLs are the portion of ECLs that result from default events that are possible within the 12 months
                                                                              after the reporting date (or a shorter period if the expected life of the instrument is less than 12 months).


                                                                              The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the
                                                                              Group is exposed to credit risk.


                                                                              Measurement of ECLs


                                                                              ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value of all
                                                                              cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the contract and
                                                                              the cash flows that the Group expects to receive).


                                                                              ECLs are discounted at the effective interest rate of the financial asset.
3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report
     (e) Financial instruments (continued)
         (ii)   Classification and subsequent measurement (continued)
                (2)   Impairment of financial assets (continued)
                      Credit-impaired financial assets
                                                                                                                                            215

                      At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether financial assets carried at amortised cost and debt securities
                      at FVTOCI are credit-impaired. A financial asset is ‘credit-impaired’ when one or more events that have a




                                                                                                                                            China International Capital Corporation Limited
                      detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.


                      Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable data:


                      –     significant financial difficulty of the borrower or issuer;


                      –     a breach of contract such as a default or being more than 90 days past due;


                      –     the restructuring of a loan or advance by the Group on terms that the Group would not consider
                            otherwise;


                      –     it is probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganization;


                      –     the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties;


                      –     the purchase or origination of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects the incurred credit losses.


                      Presentation of allowance for ECL in the statement of financial position


                      Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted from the gross carrying amount of
                      the assets.


                      For debt securities at FVTOCI, the loss allowance is charged to profit or loss and is recognised in OCI.


                      Write-off policy


                      The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off when the Group has no reasonable expectations
                      of recovering a financial asset in its entirety or a portion thereof. The Group expects no significant recovery
                      from the amount written off. However, financial assets that are written off could still be subject to enforcement
                      activities in order to comply with the Group’s procedures for recovery of amounts due.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (e) Financial instruments (continued)
                                                                (ii)   Classification and subsequent measurement (continued)
                                                                       (3)    Financial liabilities and equity – Classification, subsequent measurement and gains and
                                                                              losses
216                                                                           Equity instruments


                                                                              An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                              all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of
                                                                              direct issue costs.


                                                                              Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity. No gain
                                                                              or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own equity
                                                                              instruments.


                                                                              Financial liabilities


                                                                              Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTPL. A financial liability is classified as at
                                                                              FVTPL if it is classified as held-for-trading, it is a derivative or it is designated as such on initial recognition.
                                                                              Financial liabilities at FVTPL are measured at fair value and net gains and losses, including any interest expense,
                                                                              are recognised in profit or loss. Other financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the
                                                                              effective interest method. Interest expense and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or
                                                                              loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is also recognised in profit or loss.


                                                                (iii) Derecognition
                                                                       Financial assets
                                                                       The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire,
                                                                       or it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows in a transaction in which substantially all of the risks
                                                                       and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred or in which the Group neither transfers nor retains
                                                                       substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership and it does not retain control of the financial asset.


                                                                       The Group enters into transactions whereby it transfers assets recognised in its statement of financial position, but
                                                                       retains either all or substantially all of the risks and rewards of the transferred assets. In these cases, the transferred
                                                                       assets are not derecognised.
3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                                                                                                                                   2019 Annual Report
     (e) Financial instruments (continued)
         (iii) Derecognition (continued)
               Financial liabilities
               The Group derecognises a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged, cancelled, or expired. The
               Group also derecognises a financial liability when its terms are modified and the cash flows of the modified liability are          217

               substantially different, in which case a new financial liability based on the modified terms is recognised at fair value.




                                                                                                                                                   China International Capital Corporation Limited
               On derecognition of a financial liability, the difference between the carrying amount extinguished and the
               consideration paid (including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed) is recognised in profit or loss.


         (iv) Offsetting
               Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of financial position
               when, and only when, the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the amounts and it intends either
               to settle them on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.


         (v)   Fair value measurement principles
               If there is an active market for a financial asset or financial liability, the quoted market price without adjusting for
               transaction costs that may be incurred upon future disposal or settlement is used to establish the fair value of the
               financial asset or financial liability. For a financial asset held or a financial liability to be assumed, the quoted price
               is the current bid price. For a financial asset to be acquired or a financial liability assumed, the quoted price is the
               current asking price. Quoted prices from an active market are prices that are readily and regularly available from an
               exchange, dealer, broker, industry group or pricing service agency, and represent actual and regularly occurring market
               transactions on an arm’s length basis.


               If no active market exists for a financial instrument, a valuation technique is used to establish the fair value. Valuation
               techniques include using recent arm’s length market transactions between knowledgeable willing parties, reference
               to the current fair value of another instrument that is substantially the same, discounted cash flow analysis and
               option pricing models. Where discounted cash flow technique is used, future cash flows are estimated based on
               management’s best estimates and the discount rate used is the prevailing market rate applicable for instrument with
               similar terms and conditions at the end of the year. Where other pricing models are used, inputs are based on market
               data at the end of the year.


               In estimating the fair value of a financial asset or financial liability, the Group considers all factors including, but not
               limited to, risk-free interest rate, credit risk, foreign exchange rate and market volatility, that are likely to affect the fair
               value of the financial asset or financial liability.


               The Group obtains market data from the same market where the financial instrument was originated or purchased.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (e) Financial instruments (continued)
                                                                (vi) Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting
                                                                       (1)    Derivative financial instruments
                                                                              Derivative financial instruments are initially measured at fair value at the date a derivative contract is entered
218                                                                           into and are subsequently measured at fair value. Changes in fair value of these derivative financial instruments
                                                                              other than those designated as hedging instrument are recognised in profit or loss. Fair values are obtained
                                                                              from quoted market prices in active market or are determined using valuation techniques, including discounted




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                              cash flow model and options pricing model as appropriate.


                                                                              A derivative instrument is recognised as an asset when the fair value is positive and as a liability when the fair
                                                                              value is negative.


                                                                              Derivatives embedded in hybrid contracts that contain financial asset hosts within the scope of IFRS 9 are not
                                                                              separated. The entire hybrid contract is classified and subsequently measured in its entirety as either amortised
                                                                              cost or fair value as appropriate.


                                                                              Derivatives embedded in non-derivative host contracts that are not financial assets within the scope of IFRS 9
                                                                              are treated as separate derivatives when they meet the definition of a derivative, their risks and characteristics
                                                                              are not closely related to those of the host contracts and the host contracts are not measured at FVTPL.


                                                                       (2)    Hedge accounting
                                                                              At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Group formally designates and documents the hedge relationship
                                                                              to which the Group wishes to apply hedge accounting and the risk management objective and strategy for
                                                                              undertaking the hedge. The documentation includes identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item,
                                                                              the nature of the risk being hedged and how the entity will assess whether the hedging relationship meets the
                                                                              hedge effectiveness requirements.


                                                                              Certain derivative transactions, while providing effective economic hedges under the Group’s risk management
                                                                              positions, do not qualify for hedge accounting and are therefore treated as derivatives held for trading with fair
                                                                              value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss.
3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report
     (e) Financial instruments (continued)
         (vi) Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting (continued)
              (2)   Hedge accounting (continued)
                    Assessment of hedging relationship and effectiveness
                                                                                                                                          219

                    For hedge effectiveness assessment, the Group considers whether the hedging instrument is effective in
                    offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, which is when




                                                                                                                                          China International Capital Corporation Limited
                    the hedging relationships meet all of the following hedge effectiveness requirements:


                    •     there is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;


                    •     the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic relationship;
                          and


                    •     the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the hedged
                          item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the entity actually
                          uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.


                    If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge ratio but the
                    risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same, the Group adjusts the
                    hedge ratio of the hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances the hedge) so that it meets the qualifying criteria again.


                    Hedges which meet the strict criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for in accordance with the Group’s
                    accounting policy as set out below.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (e) Financial instruments (continued)
                                                                (vi) Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting (continued)
                                                                       (3)    Fair value hedges
                                                                              Fair value hedges are hedges of the Group’s exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognised asset or
220                                                                           liability or an unrecognised firm commitment, or an identified portion of such an asset, liability or unrecognised
                                                                              firm commitment, that is attributable to a particular risk and could affect the profit or loss. For fair value hedges,
                                                                              the carrying amount of the hedged item is adjusted for gains and losses attributable to the risk being hedged,




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                              the derivative is remeasured at fair value and the gains and losses from both are taken to profit or loss.


                                                                              For hedged items recorded at amortised cost, the difference between the carrying value of the hedged item
                                                                              and the face value is amortised over the remaining term of the original hedge using the effective interest rate
                                                                              method. When an unrecognised firm commitment is designated as a hedged item, the subsequent cumulative
                                                                              change in the fair value of the firm commitment attributable to the hedged risk is recognised as an asset
                                                                              or liability with a corresponding gain or loss recognised in profit or loss. The changes in the fair value of the
                                                                              hedging instrument are also recognised in profit or loss. For debt instruments measured at FVTOCI, the carrying
                                                                              amount is not adjusted as it is already at fair value, but the hedging gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss
                                                                              instead of other comprehensive income. When the hedged item is an equity instrument designated at FVTOCI,
                                                                              the hedging gain or loss remains in other comprehensive income to match that of the hedging instrument.


                                                                              The Group discontinues fair value hedge accounting if the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or
                                                                              exercised, the hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting. If the hedged items are derecognised,
                                                                              the unamortised fair value is recorded in profit or loss.


                                                         (f)    Financial assets held under resale agreements and financial assets sold under repurchase
                                                                agreements
                                                                Financial assets purchased under agreements to resell are reported not as purchases of the assets but as receivables and are
                                                                carried in the statement of financial position at amortised cost.


                                                                Financial assets sold subject to a simultaneous agreement to repurchase these assets are retained in the statement of
                                                                financial position and measured in accordance with their original measurement principles. The proceeds from the sale are
                                                                reported as liabilities and are carried at amortised cost.


                                                                Interest earned on resale agreements and interest incurred on repurchase agreements are recognised respectively as interest
                                                                income and interest expenses over the life of each agreement using the effective interest method.
3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report
     (g) Property and equipment
         (i)    Recognition and measurement
                Items of property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (Note 3(k)).
                Property and equipment under construction is stated at cost less impairment losses (Note 3(k)).
                                                                                                                                            221
                The cost of a purchased property and equipment asset comprises the purchase price, related taxes, and any
                expenditure directly attributable to bringing the asset into working condition for its intended use.




                                                                                                                                            China International Capital Corporation Limited
                All direct and indirect costs that are related to the construction of property and equipment and incurred before the
                assets are ready for their intended use are capitalised as the cost of construction in progress.


         (ii)   Subsequent costs
                The subsequent costs including the cost of replacing part of an item of property or equipment are recognised in the
                carrying amount of the item if the recognition criteria are satisfied, and the carrying amount of the replaced part is
                derecognised. The costs of the day-to-day servicing of property and equipment are recognised in profit or loss as
                incurred.


         (iii) Depreciation
                Depreciation is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of property and
                equipment. Where the individual component parts of an item of property and equipment have different useful lives or
                provide benefits to the Group in different patterns, each part is depreciated separately. The estimated useful lives and
                the rate of net residual values of each class of property and equipment are as follows:


                                                                                                      Estimated        Estimated rate of
                                                                                                      useful life      net residual value


                 Buildings                                                                         20 – 35 years                3% – 5%
                 Office equipment                                                                     2 – 5 years              0% – 10%
                 Furniture and fixtures                                                               3 – 5 years              0% – 10%
                 Motor vehicles                                                                       3 – 5 years              0% – 10%
                 Leasehold improvements                                                           Benefit period                      Nil


                No depreciation is provided in respect of property and equipment under construction.


                Depreciation methods, useful lives and net residual values are reassessed at the end of the reporting period.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (g) Property and equipment (continued)
                                                                (iv) Gains or losses from the retirement or disposal
                                                                       Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of property and equipment are determined as the difference
                                                                       between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognised in profit or loss on the
222                                                                    date of disposal or retirement.


                                                         (h) Leases




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                (i)    Definition of a lease (upon application of IFRS 16 in accordance with transitions in Note 2(a))
                                                                       A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period
                                                                       of time in exchange for consideration.


                                                                       For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application, the Group assesses whether a contract
                                                                       is or contains a lease based on the definition under IFRS 16 at inception or modification date. Such contract will not be
                                                                       reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.


                                                                (ii)   The Group as a lessee (upon application of IFRS 16 in accordance with transitions in Note 2(a))
                                                                       Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
                                                                       For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the
                                                                       consideration is allocated in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the
                                                                       lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.


                                                                       The Group also applies practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease component, and instead
                                                                       to account for the lease component and any associated non-lease components as a single lease component.


                                                                       Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
                                                                       The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less
                                                                       from the commencement date (i.e. the date the underlying asset is available for use) and do not contain a purchase
                                                                       option. It also applies the recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets. Lease payments on short-term leases
                                                                       and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straightline basis over the lease term.
3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                                                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report
     (h) Leases (continued)
          (ii)   The Group as a lessee (upon application of IFRS 16 in accordance with transitions in Note 2(a))
                 (continued)

                 Right-of-use assets
                 Except for short-term leases and leases of low value assets, the Group recognises right-of-use assets at the                    223

                 commencement date of the lease. Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and
                 impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.




                                                                                                                                                 China International Capital Corporation Limited
                 The cost of right-of-use asset includes:


                 •     the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;


                 •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;


                 •     any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and


                 •     an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets, restoring
                       the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and
                       conditions of the lease.


                 Right-of-use assets, of which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased assets at
                 the end of the lease term, are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life.


                 Otherwise, a right-of-use asset is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the
                 lease term.


                 The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.


                 Leasehold land and building
                 For payments of a property interest which includes both leasehold land and building elements, the entire property
                 is presented as property and equipment of the Group when the payments cannot be allocated reliably between the
                 leasehold land and building elements.


                 Refundable rental deposits
                 Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted for under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (“IFRS 9”) and initially measured
                 at fair value. Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included
                 in the cost of right-of-use assets.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (h) Leases (continued)
                                                                (ii)   The Group as a lessee (upon application of IFRS 16 in accordance with transitions in Note 2(a))
                                                                       (continued)

                                                                       Lease liabilities
224                                                                    At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the present value of
                                                                       the lease payments that are not paid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses
                                                                       the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                       determinable.


                                                                       The lease payments include:


                                                                       •      fixed lease payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives;


                                                                       •      variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate at the
                                                                              commencement date;


                                                                       •      amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees;


                                                                       •      the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise the options; and


                                                                       •      payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising an option to
                                                                              terminate the lease.


                                                                       After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.


                                                                       The Group remeasures the lease liability (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use asset)
                                                                       whenever:


                                                                       •      the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option, in which
                                                                              case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount
                                                                              rate at the date of reassessment.


                                                                       •      the lease payments change due to changes in an index or a change in expected payment under a guaranteed
                                                                              residual value, in which cases the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments
                                                                              using the initial discount rate.


                                                                       The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.
3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                                                                                                                                2019 Annual Report
     (h) Leases (continued)
          (ii)   The Group as a lessee (upon application of IFRS 16 in accordance with transitions in Note 2(a))
                 (continued)

                 Lease modifications
                 The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:                                                            225


                 •     the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying assets; and




                                                                                                                                                China International Capital Corporation Limited
                 •     the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price for the
                       increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the circumstances of the
                       particular contract.


                 For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability based
                 on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the
                 effective date of the modification.


                 The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to the relevant
                 right-of-use asset. When the modified contract contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or
                 non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the modified contract to each lease component
                 on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the
                 non-lease components.


          (iii) The Group as a lessee (prior to 1 January 2019)
                 Leases are classified as finance leases whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of
                 ownership to the lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases.


                 Assets held under finance leases are recognised as assets of the Group at their fair value at the inception of the lease
                 or, if lower, at the present value of the minimum lease payments. The corresponding liability to the lessor is included
                 in the consolidated statement of financial position as a finance lease obligation.


                 Lease payments are apportioned between finance expenses and reduction of the lease obligation so as to achieve
                 a constant rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability. Finance expenses are recognised immediately in
                 profit or loss, unless they are directly attributable to qualifying assets, in which case they are capitalised in accordance
                 with the Group’s general policy on borrowing costs (see Note 3(q)). Contingent rentals are recognised as expenses in
                 the periods in which they are incurred.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (h) Leases (continued)
                                                                (iii) The Group as a lessee (prior to 1 January 2019) (continued)
                                                                       Operating lease payments, including the cost of acquiring land held under operating leases, are recognised as an
                                                                       expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Contingent rentals arising under operating leases are recognised
226                                                                    as an expense in the period in which they are incurred.


                                                                       Lease incentives relating to operating leases are considered as integral part of lease payments, the aggregate benefit




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                       of incentives is recognised as a reduction of rental expense on a straight-line basis.


                                                                       Taxation
                                                                       For the purposes of measuring deferred tax arising from the recognition of right-of-use assets and related lease
                                                                       liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the
                                                                       lease liabilities. Temporary differences associated with right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are not recognised when
                                                                       the Group initially recognising the assets and liabilities and over the lease terms as a result of applying the initial
                                                                       recognition exemption of deferred tax under IAS 12 Income Taxes .


                                                         (i)    Intangible assets
                                                                Intangible assets are stated in the statement of financial position at cost less accumulated amortisation (where the estimated
                                                                useful life is finite) and impairment losses (Note 3(k)).


                                                                Amortisation of an intangible asset with finite useful life is charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over its estimated
                                                                useful life. Both the period and method of amortisation are reviewed annually.


                                                                Intangible assets are not amortised while their useful lives are assessed to be indefinite. Any conclusion that the useful life of
                                                                an intangible asset is indefinite is reviewed annually to determine whether events and circumstances continue to support
                                                                the indefinite useful life assessment for that asset. If they do not, the change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to
                                                                finite is accounted for prospectively from the date of change and in accordance with the policy for amortisation of intangible
                                                                assets with finite lives as set out above.
3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                                                                                                                              2019 Annual Report
     (j)   Contract assets and contract liabilities
           A contract asset is recognised when the Group recognises revenue (see Note 3(o)) before being unconditionally entitled
           to the consideration under the payment terms set out in the contract. Contract assets are assessed for ECLs in accordance
           with the policy set out in Note 3(e)(ii)(2) and are reclassified to receivables when the right to the consideration has become
           unconditional.
                                                                                                                                              227

           A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue
           (see Note 3(o)). A contract liability would also be recognised if the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration




                                                                                                                                              China International Capital Corporation Limited
           before the Group recognises the related revenue. In such cases, a corresponding receivable would also be recognised.


           For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is presented. For multiple
           contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are not presented on a net basis. When the contract
           includes a significant financing component, the contract balance includes interest accrued under the effective interest
           method (see Note 3(o)(v)).


     (k) Impairment of non-financial assets
           Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of year to identify indications that the following assets
           may be impaired or an impairment loss previously recognised no longer exists or may have decreased:


           –     property and equipment (other than properties carried at revalued amounts);


           –     intangible assets;


           –     right-of-use assets;


           –     investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures; and


           –     goodwill.


           If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In addition, for goodwill and intangible assets that
           are not yet available for use and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives, the recoverable amounts are estimated
           annually whether or not there is any indication of impairment.


           –     Calculation of recoverable amount
                 The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing
                 value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
                 reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. Where an asset does
                 not generate cash inflows largely independent of those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined for
                 the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a CGU).
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (k) Impairment of non-financial assets (continued)
                                                                –      Recognition of impairment losses
                                                                       An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss if the carrying amount of an asset, or the CGU to which it belongs,
                                                                       exceeds its recoverable amount. Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGU are allocated first to reduce the
                                                                       carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU (or group of units) and then, to reduce the carrying amount of
228
                                                                       the other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro rata basis, except that the carrying value of an asset will not be
                                                                       reduced below its individual fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable) or value in use (if determinable).




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                –      Reversals of impairment losses
                                                                       In respect of assets other than goodwill, an impairment loss is reversed if there has been a favorable change in the
                                                                       estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.


                                                                       A reversal of an impairment loss is limited to the asset’s carrying amount that would have been determined had no
                                                                       impairment loss been recognised in prior years. Reversals of impairment losses are credited to profit or loss in the year
                                                                       in which the reversals are recognised.


                                                         (l)    Provisions and contingent liabilities
                                                                Provisions are recognised when the Group has a legal or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is
                                                                probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made.
                                                                Where the time value of money is material, provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditure expected to settle
                                                                the obligation.


                                                                Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated reliably,
                                                                the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote. Possible
                                                                obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events are
                                                                also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.

                                                         (m) Employee benefits
                                                                (i)    Short-term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution retirement plans
                                                                       Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave, contributions to defined contribution retirement plans and the cost of
                                                                       non-monetary benefits are accrued in the period in which the associated services are rendered by employees. Where
                                                                       payment or settlement is deferred and the effect would be material, these amounts are stated at their present values.


                                                                       Pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC, the Group participated in the social pension schemes for
                                                                       employees arranged by local government labour and security authorities. The Group makes contributions to the
                                                                       retirement schemes at the applicable rates based on the amount stipulated by the government. The contributions
                                                                       are charged to profit or loss on an accrual basis. When employees retire, the local labour and security authorities are
                                                                       responsible for the payment of the basic retirement benefits to the retired employees.
3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report
     (m) Employee benefits (continued)
         (ii)   Other long-term employee benefits
                The Group’s net obligation in respect of long-term employee benefits is the amount of future benefit that employees
                have earned in return for their service in the current and prior periods. That benefit is discounted to determine its
                present value. Remeasurements are recognised in profit of loss in the period in which they arise.
                                                                                                                                           229

         (iii) Termination benefits




                                                                                                                                           China International Capital Corporation Limited
                Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those
                benefits and when it recognises restructuring costs involving the payment of termination benefits.


     (n) Offsetting
         Income and expenses are presented on a net basis only when permitted by the accounting standards, or for gains and losses
         arising from a group of similar transactions such as in the Group’s trading activity.


     (o) Revenue from contracts with customers and other income
         Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the provision of services or the use by others of the Group’s
         assets under leases in the ordinary course of the Group’s business.


         Revenue is recognised when control over a service is transferred to the customer, or the lessee has the right to use the
         asset, at the amount of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those amounts
         collected on behalf of third parties. Revenue excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and is after deduction of any trade
         discounts.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (o) Revenue from contracts with customers and other income (continued)
                                                                Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete
                                                                satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:


                                                                •      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the Group
230                                                                    performs;


                                                                •      the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                •      the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an
                                                                       enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.


                                                                Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or service.


                                                                Where the contract contains a variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of consideration which it will be
                                                                entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to a customer and includes in the transaction price
                                                                some or all of the variable consideration estimated, such that revenue is only recognised to the extent that it is highly
                                                                probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur.


                                                               Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the customer for more
                                                               than 12 months, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that
                                                               would be reflected in a separate financing transaction with the customer, and interest income is accrued separately under
                                                               the effective interest method. Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing
                                                               benefit to the Group, revenue recognised under that contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability
                                                               under the effective interest method. The Group takes advantage of the practical expedient in IFRS 15 Revenue from contracts
                                                               with customers and does not adjust the consideration for any effects of a significant financing component if the period of
                                                               financing is 12 months or less.


                                                                Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:


                                                                (i)    Underwriting and sponsoring fees, financial advisory fees and investment advisory fees
                                                                       Underwriting and sponsoring fees are recognised when the Group has fulfilled its obligations under the underwriting
                                                                       and sponsoring contract.


                                                                       Depending on the nature of the services and the contract terms, financial advisory fees and investment advisory fees
                                                                       are recognised in profit or loss over time using a method that depicts the Group’s performance, or at a point in time
                                                                       when the service is completed.
3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                                                                                                                                2019 Annual Report
     (o) Revenue from contracts with customers and other income (continued)
         (ii)   Asset management fees
                Asset management fees include periodic management fees calculated based on assets under management and
                performance-based fee. The fees are recognised progressively over time using a method that depicts the Group’s
                performance, to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue           231
                recognised will not occur.


         (iii) Brokerage commission income




                                                                                                                                                China International Capital Corporation Limited
                Brokerage commission income includes commission income from brokerage trading of securities and leasing out
                trading seats. Commission income from brokerage trading of securities is recognised on the trade date basis when the
                relevant transactions are executed. Commission income from leasing out trading seats is recognised when the related
                services are rendered.


         (iv) Dividend income
                Dividend income from investments is recognised when the rights to receive payment have been established.


         (v)    Interest income
                Interest income is recognised in profit or loss by using the effective interest method. For financial assets measured at
                amortised cost or debt securities measured at FVTOCI that are not credit-impaired, the effective interest rate is applied
                to the gross carrying amount of the asset. For credit impaired financial assets, the effective interest rate is applied to
                the amortised cost (i.e. gross carrying amount net of loss allowance) of the asset.


                The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or a financial liability
                and of allocating the interest income or interest expense over the year. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly
                discounts the estimated future cash receipts or payments through the expected life of the financial instrument or,
                when appropriate, a shorter period, to net carrying amount of the financial asset or financial liability. When calculating
                the effective interest rate, the Group estimates cash flows considering all contractual terms of the financial instrument
                (for example, prepayment, call and similar options) but does not consider future credit losses. The calculation of the
                effective interest rate includes all fees paid or received between parties to the contract, transaction costs, and all other
                discounts or premiums that are an integral part of the effective interest rate.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (p) Expenses recognition
                                                                (i)    Interest expenses
                                                                       Interest expenses are accrued on a time proportion basis with reference to the amortised cost and the applicable
                                                                       effective interest rate.
232
                                                                (ii)   Fee and commission expenses
                                                                       Fee and commission expenses are charged to profit or loss on an accrual basis.




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                (iii) Other expenses
                                                                       Other expenses are recognised on an accrual basis.


                                                         (q) Borrowing costs
                                                                Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are assets that
                                                                necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets
                                                                until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.


                                                                All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.


                                                         (r)    Income tax
                                                                Income tax expense comprises current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Current tax and movements
                                                                in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that they relate to items recognised
                                                                in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the relevant amount of tax are recognised in other
                                                                comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.


                                                                Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted
                                                                at the end of year, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.


                                                                Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences respectively, being the differences
                                                                between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets
                                                                also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits.
3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                                                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report
     (r)   Income tax (continued)
           Apart from certain limited exceptions, all deferred tax liabilities, and all deferred tax assets to the extent that it is probable
           that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be utilised, are recognised. Future taxable profits that
           may support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences include those that will arise
           from the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, provided those differences relate to the same taxation authority
                                                                                                                                                 233
           and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse either in the same period as the expected reversal of the deductible
           temporary difference or in periods into which a tax loss related to the deferred tax asset can be carried back or forward. The
           same criteria are adopted when determining whether existing taxable temporary differences support the recognition of




                                                                                                                                                 China International Capital Corporation Limited
           deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses and credits, that is, those differences are taken into account if they relate to
           the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse in a period, or periods, in which the tax
           loss or credit can be utilised.


           The limited exceptions to recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities are those temporary differences arising from
           goodwill not deductible for tax purposes, the initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither accounting nor
           taxable profit (provided they are not part of a business combination), and temporary differences relating to investments
           in subsidiaries to the extent that, in the case of taxable differences, the Group controls the timing of the reversal and it is
           probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future, or in the case of deductible differences, unless it is
           probable that they will reverse in the future.


           The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of year and is reduced to the extent that it is no longer
           probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow the related tax benefit to be utilised. Any such reduction is
           reversed to the extent that it becomes probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available.


           Additional income taxes that arise from the distribution of dividends are recognised when the liability to pay the related
           dividends is recognised.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (r)    Income tax (continued)
                                                                Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from each other and are
                                                                not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets against deferred tax liabilities, if
                                                                the Company or the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and the
                                                                following additional conditions are met:
234

                                                                –      in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Company or the Group intends either to settle on a net basis, or to
                                                                       realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                –      in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on
                                                                       either:


                                                                –      the same taxable entity; or


                                                                –      different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets
                                                                       are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to settle the current tax assets and the current tax liabilities on a net
                                                                       basis or realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.


                                                         (s) Dividends appropriated to investors
                                                                Dividends or distributions of profits proposed in the profit appropriation plan which will be authorised and declared after
                                                                the end of the year are not recognised as a liability at the end of the year but disclosed separately in the notes to the
                                                                consolidated financial statements.


                                                         (t)    Government grants
                                                                Government grants are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position initially when there is reasonable
                                                                assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them.


                                                                Grants that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognised as income in profit or loss on a systematic basis
                                                                in the same periods in which the expenses are incurred. Grants that compensate the Group for the cost of an asset are
                                                                deducted from the carrying amount of the asset and consequently are effectively recognised in profit or loss over the useful
                                                                life of the asset by way of reduced depreciation expense.
3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report
     (u) Related parties
         (i)    A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:
                (1)   has control or joint control over the Group;


                (2)   has significant influence over the Group; or                                                                         235


                (3)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.




                                                                                                                                           China International Capital Corporation Limited
         (ii)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:
                (1)   The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow
                      subsidiary is related to the others);


                (2)   One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of a
                      group of which the other entity is a member);


                (3)   Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party;


                (4)   One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;


                (5)   The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity
                      related to the Group;


                (6)   The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in Note 3(u)(i);


                (7)   A person identified in Note 3(u)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                      management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).


                Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be
                influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (v) Segment reporting
                                                                Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial statements, are identified from the
                                                                financial statements provided regularly to the Group’s senior executive management for the purposes of allocating resources
                                                                to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s various business lines and geographical locations.

236
                                                                Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the segments have
                                                                similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and services, the nature of production
                                                                processes, the type or class of clients, the methods used to distribute the products or provide the services, and the nature




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a
                                                                majority of these criteria.


                                                  4.     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
                                                         UNCERTAINTY
                                                         In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in Note 3, the directors of the Company are required to
                                                         make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
                                                         from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are
                                                         considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.


                                                         The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in
                                                         the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods
                                                         if the revision affects both current and future periods.


                                                         (a) Fair value of financial instruments
                                                                As indicated in Note 3(e)(i), financial instruments at fair value is measured at fair value at the end of the year and it is usually
                                                                possible to determine their fair values within a reasonable range of estimates.


                                                                For part of the above financial instruments, quoted market prices are readily available. However, the determination of fair
                                                                value for financial assets and liabilities for which there is no observable market price requires the use of valuation techniques
                                                                as described in Note 3(e)(v). For financial instruments that trade infrequently and have little price transparency, fair value
                                                                is less objective, and requires varying degrees of judgement depending on liquidity, concentration, uncertainty of market
                                                                factors, pricing assumptions and other risks affecting the specific instrument.
4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION


                                                                                                                                               2019 Annual Report
     UNCERTAINTY (continued)
     (b) Determination of consolidation scope
         All facts and circumstances must be taken into consideration in the assessment of whether the Group, as an investor,
         controls the investee. The principle of control includes three elements: (i) power over the investee; (ii) exposure, or rights, to
         variable returns from involvement with the investee; and (iii) the ability to use power over the investee to affect the amount
                                                                                                                                               237
         of investors’ returns. The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
         there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.




                                                                                                                                               China International Capital Corporation Limited
         For structured entities, the Group assesses whether the combination of investments it holds, if any, together with its
         remuneration creates exposure to variability of returns from the activities of the structured entities that is of such significance
         indicating that the Group is a principal. The structured entities shall be consolidated if the Group acts in the role of principal.


     (c) Impairment of goodwill
         The Group assesses the recoverable amount of the goodwill at the end of year and performs impairment test no matter
         whether there is indication that the unit may be impaired or not.


         The recoverable amount of a CGU (or group of CGUs) is the greater of its fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In
         assessing the present value of expected future cash flows, significant judgements are exercised over the asset’s selling price,
         related operating revenue and expenses and discounting rate to calculate the present value. All relevant materials which
         can be obtained are used for estimation of the recoverable amount, including the estimation of the selling price and related
         revenue and operating expenses based on reasonable and supportable assumption.


     (d) Measurement and recognition of ECLs
         The measurement of the expected credit loss allowance for debt instruments investments of financial assets measured at
         amortised cost and FVTOCI is an area that requires the use of models and assumptions about future economic conditions
         and credit behavior of the client (such as the likelihood of customers defaulting and the resulting losses). A number of
         significant judgements are also required in applying the accounting requirements for measuring ECL, such as:


         –     Determining criteria for significant increase in credit risk;


         –     Choosing appropriate models and assumptions for the measurement of ECL;


         –     Establishing the number and relative weightings of forward-looking scenarios for each type of product/market and the
               associated ECL.


         See Note 57(a) for more details on ECL.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  4.     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION


2019 Annual Report
                                                         UNCERTAINTY (continued)
                                                         (e) Income tax
                                                                Determining income tax provisions involves judgement on the future tax treatment of certain transactions. The Group
                                                                carefully evaluates tax implications of transactions and tax provisions are made accordingly. The tax treatment of such
                                                                transactions is reconsidered periodically to take into account all tax legislations. Deferred tax assets are recognised for
238
                                                                tax losses not yet used and temporary deductible differences. As those deferred tax assets can only be recognised to the
                                                                extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the unused tax credits can be utilised,
                                                                management’s judgement is required to assess the probability of future taxable profits. Management’s assessment is




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                constantly reviewed and additional deferred tax assets are recognised if it becomes probable that future taxable profits will
                                                                allow the deferred tax assets to be recovered.


                                                  5.     TAXATION
                                                         (a) Value-added tax (“VAT”) and surcharges
                                                                The applicable tax rate is 6%. The urban maintenance and construction tax, education surcharge and local education
                                                                surcharge are charged at 7%, 3% and 2% of VAT respectively.


                                                         (b) Income tax
                                                                The income tax rate applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries in mainland China is 25%.


                                                                The income tax rate applicable to the subsidiaries in Hong Kong special Administrative Region (“Hong Kong SAR”) is 16.5%.
                                                                Taxes of other subsidiaries are charged at the relevant local rates.


                                                  6.     FEE AND COMMISSION INCOME
                                                                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                2019                  2018


                                                          Brokerage commission income                                                                  3,878,042,278         3,323,653,153
                                                          Underwriting and sponsoring fees                                                             3,721,672,193         2,711,647,800
                                                          Asset management fees                                                                        2,001,492,975         1,779,149,564
                                                          Financial advisory fees                                                                       674,668,431            561,035,561
                                                          Investment advisory fees                                                                      424,706,208            405,860,342
                                                          Others                                                                                          32,470,179            39,057,796


                                                          Total                                                                                      10,733,052,264          8,820,404,216


                                                         The remaining performance obligation is recognised as contract liabilities as at 31 December 2019 and disclosed in Note 47. Except
                                                         for otherwise stated, there is no significant remaining performance obligation. Therefore, other information associated with the
                                                         remaining performance obligations is not disclosed.
7.   INTEREST INCOME


                                                                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                      2019                   2018


       Interest income from margin financing and securities lending                                           1,461,146,778        1,490,289,580
       Interest income from financial institutions                                                            1,379,020,348        1,362,563,543
       Interest income from financial assets at fair value through                                                                                     239

            other comprehensive income                                                                        1,160,481,477          915,365,620
       Interest income from reverse REPOs                                                                      724,518,298           797,528,479




                                                                                                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited
       Others                                                                                                   75,021,152            21,178,090


       Total                                                                                                  4,800,188,053        4,586,925,312


8.   INVESTMENT INCOME
                                                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                      2019                   2018


       Net gains from disposal of financial assets at fair
            value through other comprehensive income                                                           200,589,971           184,090,116
       Net gains/(losses) from financial instruments at fair value
            through profit or loss                                                                           13,485,522,358        (2,833,298,755)
       Net (losses)/gains from derivative financial instruments                                              (6,726,172,403)       7,190,275,075
       Others                                                                                                    (1,297,126)                    –


       Total                                                                                                  6,958,642,800        4,541,066,436


9.   OTHER INCOME, NET
                                                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                  Notes               2019                   2018


       Tax refunds                                                                                              29,738,215            25,238,271
       Government grants                                                                              (i)      104,880,736            90,757,862
       Others                                                                                         (ii)     156,008,485           475,261,763


       Total                                                                                                   290,627,436           591,257,896


     (i)      The government grants were received by the Company and its subsidiaries from the local governments where they reside with no condition
              attached.

     (ii)     Others are mainly related to gains resulting from foreign exchange rates fluctuation.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  10. FEE AND COMMISSION EXPENSES


2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                                            2019             2018


                                                          Brokerage commission expenses                                                              899,443,687           706,442,451
                                                          Underwriting and sponsoring expenses                                                       148,752,820           101,326,611
240                                                       Asset management expenses                                                                  135,078,063            60,776,082
                                                          Investment advisory expenses                                                                 3,056,157                60,357




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                          Total                                                                                     1,186,330,727          868,605,501


                                                  11. INTEREST EXPENSES
                                                                                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                                            2019             2018


                                                          Interest expenses on:
                                                          – Corporate bonds                                                                         1,556,628,404         1,383,773,551
                                                          – REPOs                                                                                   1,009,619,621         1,088,111,020
                                                          – Subordinated bonds                                                                        819,653,736           703,127,467
                                                          – Placements from financial institutions                                                    765,511,832           482,824,966
                                                          – MTNs                                                                                      465,437,671           261,143,847
                                                          – Beneficiary certificates                                                                  414,869,689           483,210,914
                                                          – Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                                     164,291,750           171,114,853
                                                          – Structured notes                                                                          137,646,887            57,964,122
                                                          – Lease liabilities                                                                          73,500,946                     –
                                                          – Financial bonds                                                                            30,649,315                     –
                                                          – Others                                                                                    457,703,568           239,614,274


                                                          Total                                                                                     5,895,513,419         4,870,885,014


                                                  12. STAFF COSTS
                                                                                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                                            2019             2018


                                                          Salaries, bonus and allowance                                                             6,469,209,630         5,072,150,634
                                                          Retirement scheme contributions                                                             285,900,064           269,056,094
                                                          Other social welfare                                                                        324,308,118           279,882,850
                                                          Other benefits                                                                              123,463,742           116,755,342


                                                          Total                                                                                     7,202,881,554         5,737,844,920


                                                         The Group is required to participate in pension schemes in mainland China, Hong Kong SAR and other jurisdictions whereby
                                                         the Group pays annual contributions for its employees at certain rates of wages. The Group has no other material obligations for
                                                         payment of retirement benefits to its employees beyond the annual contributions described above.
13. DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ REMUNERATION


                                                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report
   Directors’ and supervisors’ remuneration is as follows:


                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                        Salaries,
                                                                     allowances                       Retirement
                                                                    and benefits    Discretionary        scheme          Total   241
    Name                                                     Fees        in kind        bonuses     contributions remuneration




                                                                                                                                 China International Capital Corporation Limited
    Executive Director
    Bi Mingjian (ii)                                           –      1,680,215        9,271,708         50,055     11,001,978


    Non-executive Director
    Shen Rujun (iii)                                           –               –               –              –             –
    Zhao Haiying                                               –               –               –              –             –
    David Bonderman                                            –               –               –              –             –
    Liu Haifeng David                                          –               –               –              –             –
    Shi Jun                                                    –               –               –              –             –
    Cha Mou Daid Johnson                                       –               –               –              –             –


    Independent Non-executive Director
    Edwin Roca Lim                                      546,920                –               –              –       546,920
    Siu Wai Keung                                       577,270                –               –              –       577,270
    Ben Shenglin                                        517,600                –               –              –       517,600
    Liu Li                                              532,400                –               –              –       532,400


    Supervisor
    Gao Tao (iv)                                               –               –               –              –             –
    Liu Haoling                                                –               –               –              –             –
    Jin Lizuo                                           263,400                –               –              –       263,400


    Total                                             2,437,590       1,680,215        9,271,708         50,055     13,439,568
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  13. DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ REMUNERATION (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         Directors’ and supervisors’ remuneration is as follows: (continued)


                                                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2018
                                                                                                                                       Salaries,
                                                                                                                                    allowances                              Retirement
242                                                                                                                               and benefits       Discretionary            scheme             Total
                                                            Name                                                        Fees             in kind          bonuses       contributions    remuneration




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                            Executive Director
                                                            Bi Mingjian (ii)                                               –          1,651,015          6,365,046              55,312       8,071,373


                                                            Non-executive Director
                                                            Zhao Haiying                                                   –                   –                  –                 –                –
                                                            David Bonderman                                                –                   –                  –                 –                –
                                                            Liu Haifeng David                                              –                   –                  –                 –                –
                                                            Shi Jun                                                        –                   –                  –                 –                –
                                                            Cha Mou Daid Johnson                                           –                   –                  –                 –                –


                                                            Independent Non-executive Director
                                                            Edwin Roca Lim                                          525,000                    –                  –                 –         525,000
                                                            Siu Wai Keung                                           550,200                    –                  –                 –         550,200
                                                            Ben Shenglin                                            517,400                    –                  –                 –         517,400
                                                            Liu Li                                                  535,600                    –                  –                 –         535,600


                                                            Supervisor
                                                            Gao Tao (iv)                                                   –                   –                  –                 –                –
                                                            Liu Haoling                                                    –                   –                  –                 –                –
                                                            Jin Lizuo                                               267,200                    –                  –                 –         267,200


                                                            Total                                                 2,395,400           1,651,015          6,365,046              55,312     10,466,773


                                                         (i)     The amounts disclosed above in respect of the remuneration of directors and supervisors were net of tax.

                                                         (ii)    The remuneration of Mr. Bi Mingjian includes the compensation for the services provided by Mr. Bi Mingjian acting as the Chief Executive
                                                                 Officer of the Company.

                                                         (iii)   Appointed as non-executive Director and Chairman of the Board in August 2019.

                                                         (iv)    The remuneration of Mr. Gao Tao with the Group in accordance with the employee remuneration system is not included.

                                                         There were no amounts paid during the year to the directors and supervisors in connection with their retirement from employment
                                                         or as compensation for loss of office with the Group, or as inducement to join. There was no other arrangement under which a
                                                         director or a supervisor waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year.
14. INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS


                                                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report
   Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments in 2019, one is a director whose emoluments are disclosed (see Note 13), none
   of the five individuals with the highest emoluments in 2018 are directors or supervisors of the Company. The aggregate of the
   emoluments are as follows:


                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                        2019                 2018      243


    Salaries and other emoluments                                                                  9,808,939             7,961,426




                                                                                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited
    Discretionary bonuses                                                                        78,390,645           117,463,622
    Retirement scheme contributions                                                                  307,541              344,510


    Total                                                                                        88,507,125           125,769,558


   The emoluments of these individuals with the highest emoluments are within the following bands:


                                                                                                   Number of individuals
                                                                                                        2019                 2018


    From RMB16,000,001 to RMB16,500,000                                                                     1                    –
    From RMB17,000,001 to RMB17,500,000                                                                     1                    –
    From RMB17,500,001 to RMB18,000,000                                                                     1                    –
    From RMB18,000,001 to RMB18,500,000                                                                     1                    –
    From RMB19,500,001 to RMB20,000,000                                                                     1                    –
    From RMB23,500,001 to RMB24,000,000                                                                     –                    2
    From RMB24,500,001 to RMB25,000,000                                                                     –                    1
    From RMB26,000,001 to RMB26,500,000                                                                     –                    1
    From RMB27,500,001 to RMB28,000,000                                                                     –                    1


   No emoluments are paid or payable to these individuals in connection with their retirement from employment or as compensation
   for loss of office or inducement to join during the year.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  15. DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION EXPENSES


2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                      2019               2018


                                                          Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                  562,955,633                 –
                                                          Depreciation of property and equipment                               258,573,159       208,712,106
244                                                       Depreciation of land use right                                                  –       31,463,837
                                                          Amortisation of intangible assets                                     90,250,322        59,934,073
                                                          Others                                                                 1,456,298         1,792,582




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                          Total                                                                913,235,412       301,902,598


                                                  16. OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES AND COSTS
                                                                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                      2019               2018


                                                          Business development expenses                                        636,645,423       607,142,499
                                                          Information technology related expenses                              335,173,436       319,229,759
                                                          Travelling and transportation expenses                               325,239,262       266,254,081
                                                          Professional service fees                                            152,286,022       145,448,354
                                                          Utilities and maintenance                                             78,692,034        67,794,876
                                                          Lease expense                                                         57,906,991       602,170,044
                                                          Securities Investor Protection Fund                                   54,930,738        51,793,044
                                                          Auditors’ remuneration                                                11,424,141        11,944,000
                                                          Others                                                               447,032,346       273,359,242


                                                          Total                                                               2,099,330,393    2,345,135,899


                                                  17. IMPAIRMENT LOSSES UNDER EXPECTED CREDIT LOSS MODEL
                                                                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                      2019               2018


                                                          Impairment losses recognised/(reversed) for:
                                                          Accounts receivable and other non-current assets                     187,940,007        31,617,778
                                                          Receivable from margin clients                                        18,772,123        (1,577,236)
                                                          Reverse REPOs                                                         (43,196,309)      36,561,081
                                                          Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income      (3,369,149)       6,730,579
                                                          Cash and bank balances                                                  (548,841)         843,966


                                                          Total                                                                159,597,831        74,176,168
18. INCOME TAX EXPENSE


                                                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report
   (a) Taxation in the consolidated statement of profit or loss:
                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                       2019                  2018


        Current tax
                                                                                                                                       245
        – Mainland China income tax                                                            612,820,743            706,466,248
        – Hong Kong SAR profits tax                                                            299,442,863            166,054,436




                                                                                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited
        Subtotal                                                                               912,263,606            872,520,684


        Deferred tax
        – Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                    141,541,246             (19,793,944)


        Total                                                                                 1,053,804,852           852,726,740


   (b) Reconciliation between income tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rates:
       The income tax has been provided at the statutory rate of 25%, in accordance with the relevant tax laws in Mainland China
       during the period. Taxes on profits assessable outside Mainland China have been calculated at the applicable tax rates
       prevailing in the countries/jurisdictions in which the Group operates, based on the existing legislation, interpretations and
       practices. A reconciliation between income tax expenses that would result from applying the PRC statutory income tax rate
       to the Group’s profit before income tax and the income tax expense in the consolidated statement of profit or loss is as
       follows:


                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                       2019                  2018


        Profit before income tax                                                              5,301,631,682         4,387,348,353


        Income tax calculated at the PRC statutory income tax rate                            1,325,407,921         1,096,837,088
        Effect of non-deductible expenses                                                        27,452,308            26,490,774
        Effect of non-taxable income                                                           (223,485,910)         (122,344,271)
        Effect of different applicable tax rates of the subsidiaries                           (186,059,764)         (128,219,368)
        Effect of deductible temporary differences or deductible tax losses
           for which no deferred tax asset was recognised this year                              47,346,584            28,182,384
        Effect of using the deductible tax losses for which no deferred tax asset was
           recognised in previous period                                                        (30,514,880)           (17,635,627)
        Others                                                                                   93,658,593            (30,584,240)


        Total income tax expense                                                              1,053,804,852           852,726,740
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  19. PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY AND HOLDERS OF


2019 Annual Report
                                                      OTHER EQUITY INSTRUMENTS
                                                         The profit attributable to shareholders of the Company and holders of other equity instruments includes a profit of
                                                         RMB2,040,628,027 and RMB1,854,269,544 which have been dealt with in the financial statements of the Company in 2019 and 2018,
                                                         respectively (see Note 59(b)).


246                                               20. BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE
                                                                                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                         2019                   2018




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                          Profit attributable to shareholders
                                                            of the Company and holders of other equity instruments                                            4,238,719,317            3,492,157,669
                                                          Interest for holders of perpetual subordinated bonds for the year                                      (57,000,000)            (57,000,000)


                                                          Total                                                                                               4,181,719,317            3,435,157,669


                                                          Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (Note)                                          4,222,001,201            4,140,783,603
                                                          Basic earnings per share (in RMB per share)                                                                     0.99                   0.83


                                                         Note: In October 2019, the Company issued 176,000,000 new H shares at a price of HKD14.40 per share with par value of RMB1.00. Accordingly, the
                                                               registered capital and share capital of the Company increased to RMB4,368,667,868.

                                                         Basic earnings per share was calculated as the profit for the period attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company divided by
                                                         the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue.


                                                         No diluted earnings per share has been presented for the years 2019 and 2018 as the Group had no potential ordinary shares in
                                                         issue during the periods.
21. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT


                                                                                                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report
                                                                           Office           Furniture              Motor             Leasehold          Construction
                                                     Buildings         equipment          and fixtures           vehicles         improvements           in progress                Total
    Cost
         As at 31 December 2018                    91,329,992 1,318,075,018                92,619,102         62,971,929           763,693,399            5,369,255 2,334,058,695
         Adjustment for initial
           application of IFRS 16                            –         (8,740,873)                  –                   –                     –                    –           (8,740,873)   247



         As at 1 January 2019                      91,329,992 1,309,334,145                92,619,102         62,971,929           763,693,399            5,369,255 2,325,317,822




                                                                                                                                                                                             China International Capital Corporation Limited
         Acquired on acquisition of
           a subsidiary                                      –           437,762             206,550                    –                     –                    –             644,312
         Additions and transfer-in                           –        227,455,811          20,334,190            283,879           150,983,636           22,172,883          421,230,399
         Transfer – out                                      –                  –                   –                   –                     –          (21,027,999)         (21,027,999)
         Disposals                                           –        (60,124,832)         (9,013,786)         (8,517,249)         (111,841,482)                   –         (189,497,349)
         Effect of changes in
           foreign exchange rate                             –          4,336,268            292,871              13,109              3,227,919                    –            7,870,167


         As at 31 December 2019                    91,329,992 1,481,439,154               104,438,927         54,751,668           806,063,472            6,514,139 2,544,537,352


    Accumulated depreciation
         As at 31 December 2018                    (32,763,304) (962,606,048)             (68,980,427)        (47,004,661)         (625,497,035)                   – (1,736,851,475)
         Adjustment for initial
           application of IFRS 16                            –          6,997,397                   –                   –                     –                    –            6,997,397


         As at 1 January 2019                      (32,763,304) (955,608,651)             (68,980,427)        (47,004,661)         (625,497,035)                   – (1,729,854,078)
         Acquired on acquisition of
           a subsidiary                                      –           (251,055)           (106,123)                  –                     –                    –             (357,178)
         Additions                                  (4,360,937) (162,310,495)             (11,104,681)         (4,437,978)          (76,359,068)                   –         (258,573,159)
         Disposals                                           –         56,547,817           7,983,255          6,127,738           110,850,875                     –         181,509,685
         Effect of changes in exchange rate                  –         (3,446,652)           (442,195)            (13,109)           (3,853,946)                   –           (7,755,902)


         As at 31 December 2019                    (37,124,241) (1,065,069,036)           (72,650,171)        (45,328,010)         (594,859,174)                   – (1,815,030,632)
    96                                        96                 96                  96                  96                  96                    96                   96




    Carrying amount
         As at 31 December 2019                    54,205,751         416,370,118          31,788,756          9,423,658           211,204,298            6,514,139          729,506,720


         As at 31 December 2018                    58,566,688         355,468,970          23,638,675         15,967,268           138,196,364            5,369,255          597,207,220
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  21. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                                         Office      Furniture         Motor        Leasehold     Construction
                                                                                                     Buildings      equipment      and fixtures      vehicles    improvements      in progress            Total
                                                          Cost
                                                             As at 1 January 2018                  85,992,204     1,163,675,156     80,584,668    64,896,377       661,324,246       1,800,808    2,058,273,459
                                                             Additions and transfer-in              5,337,788      206,569,086      15,885,152              –      102,716,943      10,667,160     341,176,129
248                                                          Transfer – out                                  –                –              –              –                –      (7,098,713)      (7,098,713)
                                                             Disposals                                       –      (59,649,451)    (4,308,266)    (1,951,429)      (5,355,290)              –      (71,264,436)
                                                             Effect of changes in exchange




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                 rates                                       –       7,480,227         457,548        26,981         5,007,500               –      12,972,256


                                                          As at 31 December 2018                   91,329,992     1,318,075,018     92,619,102    62,971,929       763,693,399       5,369,255    2,334,058,695


                                                          Accumulated depreciation
                                                             As at 1 January 2018                  (28,416,967)   (880,161,655)    (65,593,121)   (39,887,369)    (569,280,943)              – (1,583,340,055)
                                                             Additions                              (4,346,337)   (132,118,538)     (7,030,711)    (7,459,813)     (57,756,707)              –    (208,712,106)
                                                             Disposals                                       –      53,155,330       4,067,515       369,502         5,191,717               –      62,784,064
                                                             Effect of changes in exchange rates             –       (3,481,185)      (424,110)       (26,981)      (3,651,102)              –       (7,583,378)


                                                             As at 31 December 2018                (32,763,304)   (962,606,048)    (68,980,427)   (47,004,661)    (625,497,035)              – (1,736,851,475)


                                                          Carrying amount
                                                             As at 31 December 2018                58,566,688      355,468,970      23,638,675    15,967,268       138,196,364       5,369,255     597,207,220


                                                             As at 31 December 2017                57,575,237      283,513,501      14,991,547    25,009,008        92,043,303       1,800,808     474,933,404
22. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS


                                                                                                                                  2019 Annual Report
                                                                    Buildings    Leasehold land    Equipment             Total


    Cost
    As at 1 January 2019                                        1,597,467,973     1,266,558,879     1,878,786    2,865,905,638
    Increases                                                    434,674,329                  –      899,021      435,573,350
    Decreases                                                     (20,356,964)                –    (1,938,443)     (22,295,407)   249

    Effect of changes in foreign exchange rate                    12,057,971                  –       52,085       12,110,056




                                                                                                                                  China International Capital Corporation Limited
    As at 31 December 2019                                      2,023,843,309     1,266,558,879      891,449     3,291,293,637


    Accumulated depreciation
    As at 1 January 2019                                                    –      (119,000,470)            –     (119,000,470)
    Increases                                                    (529,574,219)      (32,910,658)     (470,756)    (562,955,633)
    Decreases                                                       4,047,432                 –      140,836         4,188,268
    Effect of changes in foreign exchange rate                     (9,997,046)                –       (19,885)     (10,016,931)


    As at 31 December 2019                                       (535,523,833)     (151,911,128)     (349,805)    (687,784,766)


    Carrying amount
    As at 31 December 2019                                      1,488,319,476     1,114,647,751      541,644     2,603,508,871


    Expense relating to short-term leases and
      other leases with lease terms end within
      12 months of the date of initial application of IFRS 16                                                      57,906,991


    Total cash outflow for leases                                                                                 670,930,219
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  22. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (a) Leases committed
                                                                As at 31 December 2019, the Group entered into new leases that are not yet commenced, with average non-cancellable
                                                                period ranged from 1 to 5 years with extension options, the total future undiscounted cash flows under which amounted to
                                                                RMB46,513,649 over the non-cancellable period.

250
                                                                Details of the lease maturity analysis of lease liabilities are disclosed in Note 57(b).


                                                  23. GOODWILL




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                         (a) Changes in goodwill
                                                                                                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                             2019                    2018


                                                                  At the beginning of the year                                                                    1,582,678,646             1,582,678,646
                                                                  Additions for the year                                                                                         –                       –


                                                                  Subtotal                                                                                        1,582,678,646             1,582,678,646


                                                                  Less: Allowance for impairment losses                                                                          –                       –


                                                                  Carrying amount                                                                                 1,582,678,646             1,582,678,646


                                                                Note: The Company acquired CICC Wealth Management in 2017 and paid the consideration amounting to RMB16,700,695,000 as the
                                                                      cost of the acquisition. The difference between the consideration and the fair value of the identifiable net assets attributable to the
                                                                      Company amounted to RMB1,582,678,646 and was recognised as goodwill.

                                                         (b) Impairment test
                                                                The Company acquired 100% equity interests of CICC Wealth Management in March 2017, aiming to generate long-term
                                                                benefit of synergy by utilizing strengths in aspects of products, services and distributions across the enlarged group. The
                                                                Group recognised the portion of consideration in excess of fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired as the goodwill of
                                                                the CGU of wealth management.


                                                                The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined based on the present value of expected future cash flows, which was
                                                                determined on the financial budgets (including budgeted income and profit margins based on the CGU’s past performance
                                                                and management’s expectations for market development) approved by management covering certain period, cash flows
                                                                beyond certain period are extrapolated using an estimated annual growth rate based on industry growth forecasts. Pre-tax
                                                                discount rates used by the Group range from 16% to 17%.


                                                                As at 31 December 2019, the Group performed its annual goodwill impairment test. There was no impairment recognised for
                                                                the goodwill related to the aforesaid CGU since the recoverable amounts were greater than its carrying amount.
24. INTANGIBLE ASSETS


                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report
                                            Securities trading
                                                   seat rights        Others            Total


    Cost
      As at 1 January 2019                       163,989,047     363,140,177     527,129,224
      Additions                                             –    103,110,556     103,110,556     251

      Disposal                                              –         (56,197)        (56,197)
      Effect of changes in exchange rates              19,580         34,345          53,925




                                                                                                 China International Capital Corporation Limited
      As at 31 December 2019                     164,008,627     466,228,881     630,237,508


    Accumulated amortisation
      As at 1 January 2019                        (92,406,520)   (162,497,061)   (254,903,581)
      Additions                                    (8,483,824)    (81,766,498)    (90,250,322)
      Disposal                                              –         49,968          49,968
      Effect of changes in exchange rates                   –         (32,914)        (32,914)


      As at 31 December 2019                    (100,890,344)    (244,246,505)   (345,136,849)


    Carrying amount
      As at 31 December 2019                      63,118,283     221,982,376     285,100,659


      As at 31 December 2018                      71,582,527     200,643,116     272,225,643
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  24. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                                      Securities trading
                                                                                                                             seat rights                Others            Total


                                                          Cost
                                                             As at 1 January 2018                                          163,948,747           263,603,732       427,552,479
252                                                          Additions                                                                –          109,250,314       109,250,314
                                                             Disposal                                                                 –            (9,804,704)       (9,804,704)
                                                             Effect of changes in exchange rates                                 40,300                 90,835         131,135




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                             As at 31 December 2018                                        163,989,047           363,140,177       527,129,224


                                                          Accumulated amortisation
                                                             As at 1 January 2018                                           (84,445,428)         (115,901,076)     (200,346,504)
                                                             Additions                                                       (7,961,092)          (51,972,981)      (59,934,073)
                                                             Disposal                                                                 –             5,442,150         5,442,150
                                                             Effect of changes in exchange rates                                      –                 (65,154)        (65,154)


                                                             As at 31 December 2018                                         (92,406,520)         (162,497,061)     (254,903,581)


                                                          Carrying amount
                                                             As at 31 December 2018                                         71,582,527           200,643,116       272,225,643


                                                             As at 31 December 2017                                         79,503,319           147,702,656       227,205,975


                                                         As at 31 December 2019 and 2018, others mainly included computer software used by the Group.
25. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES


                                                                                                                                                   2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                                    2019                  2018


    Share of net assets
    – Associates                                                                                         624,355,553               716,557,648
    – Joint ventures                                                                                     544,121,104               550,392,940     253



    Total                                                                                              1,168,476,657              1,266,950,588




                                                                                                                                                   China International Capital Corporation Limited
   The following list contains only the particulars of the major associate which is an unlisted corporate entity whose quoted market
   price is not available:


                                                                                           Proportion of ownership interest
                                         Form of         Place of       Particulars of      Group’s      Held by
                                     business      incorporation           issued and      effective          the     Held by a       Principal
    Name of associate                structure         operation       paid-in capital      interest   Company       subsidiary         activity


    Zheshang Jinhui Trust Co.,
       Ltd. (“Zheshang Jinhui”)                                                                                                            Trust
       (Note)                     Incorporated     Hangzhou, PRC    RMB 1,700,000,000         17.5%        17.5%              –        business


   Note: The Company holds 17.5% equity interest of Zheshang Jinhui but has significant influence over Zheshang Jinhui as it can appoint members
         in Zheshang Jinhui’s Board of Directors. Zheshang Jinhui is accounted for as an associate of the Company.

   The summary financial information of the Group’s major associate and the reconciliation between the financial information of other
   associates and joint ventures and their carrying amounts in the Group’s financial statements are disclosed below:


   (a) Zheshang Jinhui
                                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                                    2019                  2018


            Financial information of the associate
            – Assets                                                                                   2,501,050,258              2,970,828,482
            – Liabilities                                                                                325,549,983               898,203,897
            – Net assets                                                                               2,175,500,275              2,072,624,585
            – Operating income                                                                           750,962,871               740,684,327
            – Net profit                                                                                 105,826,347               157,378,125
            Reconciled to the Group’s interests in the associate:
            Gross amounts of net assets of the associate                                               2,175,500,275              2,072,624,585
            Group’s effective interest                                                                          17.5%                    17.5%
            Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                                 380,712,548               362,709,302
            Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                                     380,712,548               362,709,302
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  25. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (b) Aggregate information of other associates and joint ventures:
                                                                                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                  2019                  2018


                                                                  Aggregate carrying amount of Group’s interests in other associates and
254
                                                                    joint ventures in the consolidated financial statements                               787,764,109            904,241,286
                                                                  Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of profit or loss and
                                                                    other comprehensive income of those associates and joint ventures




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                  – Profit for the year                                                                    42,399,835             91,023,512
                                                                  – Total comprehensive income                                                             42,296,557             91,023,512


                                                  26. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                         (a) Analysed by type:
                                                                Non-current
                                                                                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                  2019                  2018


                                                                  Equity securities                                                                     3,685,728,809          2,446,425,365
                                                                  Funds and other investments                                                              33,878,466             24,894,332


                                                                  Total                                                                                 3,719,607,275          2,471,319,697


                                                                Current
                                                                                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                  2019                  2018


                                                                  Equity securities                                                                    66,003,797,677         24,746,482,555
                                                                  Debt securities (Note)                                                               76,130,839,312         67,883,079,318
                                                                  Funds and other investments                                                          22,337,649,857         19,684,021,559


                                                                  Total                                                                              164,472,286,846         112,313,583,432


                                                                Note: As at 31 December 2019, perpetual bonds amounting to RMB14,055,982,894 are included in debt securities (31 December 2018:
                                                                      RMB8,112,238,278).
26. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS (continued)


                                                                                              2019 Annual Report
   (b) Analysed by listing status:
       Non-current
                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                    2019              2018
                                                                                              255
        Listed
        – Outside Hong Kong, China                           613,851,417         38,468,152




                                                                                              China International Capital Corporation Limited
        Unlisted                                            3,105,755,858     2,432,851,545


        Total                                               3,719,607,275     2,471,319,697


       Current
                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                    2019              2018


        Listed
        – In Hong Kong, China                              13,743,433,216     7,810,781,597
        – Outside Hong Kong, China                        127,010,033,129    89,856,945,279
        Unlisted                                           23,718,820,501    14,645,856,556


        Total                                             164,472,286,846   112,313,583,432
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  27. FINANCIAL ASSETS HELD UNDER RESALE AGREEMENTS (“REVERSE REPOS”)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (a) Analysed by collateral type:
                                                                Non-current
                                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                                   2019              2018
256
                                                                  Stocks                                    235,314,895        719,914,040
                                                                  Accrued interests                            6,374,726        21,722,422




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                  Less: Allowance for impairment losses          (81,343)       (2,565,980)


                                                                  Total                                     241,608,278        739,070,482


                                                                Current
                                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                                   2019              2018


                                                                  Stocks                                   7,329,305,168     9,776,785,226
                                                                  Debt securities                          6,641,075,887     8,960,245,243


                                                                  Subtotal                                13,970,381,055    18,737,030,469


                                                                  Accrued interests                         117,464,377        176,135,712
                                                                  Less: Allowance for impairment losses      (30,516,797)      (71,228,469)


                                                                  Total                                   14,057,328,635    18,841,937,712


                                                         (b) Analysed by market:
                                                                Non-current
                                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                                   2019              2018


                                                                  Over-the-counter market                   176,557,687        201,228,657
                                                                  Stock exchanges                            65,050,591        537,841,825


                                                                  Total                                     241,608,278        739,070,482
27. FINANCIAL ASSETS HELD UNDER RESALE AGREEMENTS (“REVERSE REPOS”) (continued)


                                                                                                                                               2019 Annual Report
   (b) Analysed by market: (continued)
         Current
                                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                                     2019              2018
                                                                                                                                               257
            Stock exchanges                                                                             13,150,771,156       15,586,379,259
            Over-the-counter market                                                                         646,292,677       1,100,430,433




                                                                                                                                               China International Capital Corporation Limited
            Inter-bank market                                                                               260,264,802       2,155,128,020


            Total                                                                                       14,057,328,635       18,841,937,712


         The Group received securities as collateral in connection with financial assets under resale agreements. As part of the resale
         agreements, the Group received securities allowed to be sold or re-pledged in the absence of default by counterparties. If
         the collateral received declines in value, the Group may, in certain circumstances, require additional collateral. The Group had
         an obligation to return the collateral to its counterparties at the maturity of the contracts.


         As at 31 December 2019, the Group received collateral amounted to RMB30,327 million (31 December 2018: RMB33,860
         million), in connection with financial assets under resale agreements.

         Note: Details of the analysis of the movement of allowance for impairment losses are disclosed in Note 57(a).


28. REFUNDABLE DEPOSITS
                                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                                     2019              2018


    Self-owned refundable deposits                                                                        2,216,126,145       1,385,531,190
    Refundable deposits held on behalf of clients                                                         4,285,643,372       2,103,995,507


    Subtotal                                                                                              6,501,769,517       3,489,526,697
    Accrued interests                                                                                            324,337             409,812


    Total                                                                                                 6,502,093,854       3,489,936,509


   Refundable deposits are mainly placed at stock exchanges and clearing house, futures and commodity exchanges, China Securities
   Finance Corporation Limited, Shanghai Clearing House, futures companies and other institutions.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  29. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS/(LIABILITIES)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (a) Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised
                                                                The components of deferred tax assets/(liabilities) recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position and the
                                                                movement during the year are as follows:


                                                                                                                          (Charged)/
258
                                                                                                               As at        credited    (Charged)/      Exchange                As at 31 December 2019
                                                                                                           1 January        to profit   credited to    differences      Deferred         Deferred            Deferred
                                                                                                               2019           or loss        equity        (Note)         tax, net      tax assets       tax liabilities




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                 Deferred tax assets/
                                                                   (liabilities) before set-off:
                                                                 Staff cost                            1,085,463,782    (255,253,554)             –        94,604    830,304,832      830,304,832                     –
                                                                 Deductible tax losses                   29,868,168        3,543,610              –       317,970     33,729,748       33,729,748                     –
                                                                 Depreciation and amortisation           (22,681,482)     (7,542,853)             –        51,176     (30,173,159)              –         (30,173,159)
                                                                 Changes in fair values of financial
                                                                   instruments at fair value
                                                                   through profit or loss               (216,202,730)   134,633,916               –     3,510,228     (78,058,586)              –         (78,058,586)
                                                                 Changes in fair values of financial
                                                                   assets at fair value through
                                                                   other comprehensive income            (35,189,455)              –    (16,773,661)   (1,475,852)    (53,438,968)              –         (53,438,968)
                                                                 Fair value adjustment arising from
                                                                   acquisition of a subsidiary          (182,718,694)      7,725,185              –             –    (174,993,509)              –        (174,993,509)
                                                                 Others                                 227,592,044      (24,647,550)      377,587     (2,135,884)   201,186,197      201,186,197                     –


                                                                 Subtotal                               886,131,633     (141,541,246)   (16,396,074)      362,242    728,556,555     1,065,220,777       (336,664,222)


                                                                 Set off                                                                                                               24,724,955         (24,724,955)


                                                                 Deferred tax assets/(liabilities)
                                                                   recognised in the consolidated
                                                                   statement of financial position                                                                                   1,089,945,732       (361,389,177)
29. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS/(LIABILITIES) (continued)


                                                                                                                                                                                                     2019 Annual Report
    (a) Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised (continued)

                                                                 Adjustment
                                                         As at     on initial           As at    (Charged)/      (Charged)/      Exchange                 As at 31 December 2018
                                                 31 December     application       1 January     credited to     credited to    differences       Deferred         Deferred            Deferred
                                                         2017      of IFRS 9            2018    profit or loss        equity        (Note)         tax, net       tax assets       tax liabilities
                                                                                                                                                                                                     259


          Deferred tax assets/(liabilities)




                                                                                                                                                                                                     China International Capital Corporation Limited
            before set-off:
          Staff cost                             1,161,806,337             –    1,161,806,337    (76,722,973)              –       380,418    1,085,463,782    1,085,463,782                    –
          Deductible tax losses                    21,874,486              –      21,874,486       7,042,446               –       951,236      29,868,168       29,868,168                     –
          Depreciation and amortisation             4,422,309              –       4,422,309     (27,110,316)              –         6,525      (22,681,482)              –         (22,681,482)
          Changes in fair values of financial
            instruments at fair value through
            profit or loss                       (249,930,662)   (22,715,731)   (272,646,393)    56,849,881                –      (406,218)   (216,202,730)               –        (216,202,730)
          Changes in fair values of available-
            for-sale financial assets              10,918,153    (10,918,153)              –                –              –             –                –               –                     –
          Changes in fair values of financial
            assets at fair value through other
            comprehensive income                            –    33,639,707       33,639,707                –    (68,829,162)            –      (35,189,455)              –         (35,189,455)
          Fair value adjustment arising from
            acquisition of a subsidiary          (191,661,156)             –    (191,661,156)      8,942,462               –             –    (182,718,694)               –        (182,718,694)
          Others                                  166,946,763    10,821,787      177,768,550     50,792,444       (1,130,442)      161,492     227,592,044      227,592,044                     –


          Subtotal                                924,376,230    10,827,610      935,203,840     19,793,944      (69,959,604)    1,093,453     886,131,633     1,342,923,994       (456,792,361)


          Set off                                                                                                                                              (185,926,267)       185,926,267


          Deferred tax assets/(liabilities)
            recognised in the consolidated
            statement of financial position                                                                                                                    1,156,997,727       (270,866,094)


        Note: Exchange differences represent foreign currency translation difference of financial statements of overseas subsidiaries.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  29. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS/(LIABILITIES) (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (b) Deferred tax assets not recognised
                                                                The Group has not recognised deferred tax assets in respect of deductible temporary differences and cumulative tax losses
                                                                amounted to RMB265 million and RMB230 million as at 31 December 2019 and 2018, respectively.


                                                                Deferred tax assets not recognised in respect of cumulative tax losses are mainly attributable to certain overseas subsidiaries
260
                                                                of the Group which were set up to strengthen the Group’s cross-border service capabilities.


                                                                Deferred tax asset arising from unused tax losses is recognised only to the extent that an entity has sufficient taxable




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                temporary differences or there is other convincing evidence that sufficient taxable profit will be available against which
                                                                the unused tax losses can be utilised by the entity, when the entity has a history of recent losses. The directors of the
                                                                Company review the financial performance of these overseas subsidiaries at the end of year to determine whether there
                                                                is sufficient taxable profit to be available against the unused tax losses, and they are of the opinion that it is probable that
                                                                sufficient future taxable profits against which the losses can be utilised may not be available in these overseas entities in
                                                                the foreseeable future, given the current market conditions, and that further expenditures of these overseas subsidiaries are
                                                                considered necessary for expanding the Group’s overseas operations based on its business strategies.


                                                  30. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
                                                                                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                   2019                  2018


                                                          Rental and other deposits                                                                        149,502,348            139,676,337
                                                          Land use rights                                                                                              –        1,147,558,409
                                                          Others                                                                                         1,182,702,966            535,918,287


                                                          Subtotal                                                                                       1,332,205,314          1,823,153,033


                                                          Less: Allowance for impairment losses                                                            (16,605,515)             (9,841,333)


                                                          Total                                                                                          1,315,599,799          1,813,311,700
31. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE


                                                                                                                                               2019 Annual Report
   (a) Analysed by nature:
                                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                                  2019                2018


        Trade receivable (Note)                                                                        15,311,390,897         9,450,000,604
        Asset management fees receivable                                                                1,440,190,809         1,030,013,910    261

        Underwriting and advisory fees receivable                                                       1,105,783,772           685,158,179
        Trading seat rental fees receivable                                                               137,142,963           110,770,523




                                                                                                                                               China International Capital Corporation Limited
        Others                                                                                            115,351,950           157,307,244


        Subtotal                                                                                       18,109,860,391        11,433,250,460


        Less: Allowance for impairment losses                                                            (233,301,015)          (64,488,653)


        Total                                                                                          17,876,559,376        11,368,761,807


       Note: Trade receivable mainly consisted of receivables from exchanges and brokers for trade settlements and from counterparties of
             derivative trading and deposits for securities lending.

   (b) Analysed by aging:
                                                                                  As at 31 December 2019
                                                                       Gross amount            Allowance for impairment losses
                                                                     Amount                %         Amount                  %


        Within 1 year (inclusive)                           17,173,548,745                  94.83%         (117,707,701)           50.45%
        1 – 2 years (inclusive)                                494,208,241                   2.73%          (65,141,935)           27.92%
        2 – 3 years (inclusive)                                198,795,635                   1.10%          (23,087,909)            9.90%
        More than 3 years                                      243,307,770                   1.34%          (27,363,470)           11.73%


        Total                                               18,109,860,391                100.00%          (233,301,015)           100.00%


                                                                                         As at 31 December 2018
                                                                         Gross amount                     Allowance for impairment losses
                                                                     Amount                        %             Amount                  %


        Within 1 year (inclusive)                             10,665,767,987                 93.29%           (38,448,699)          59.62%
        1 – 2 years (inclusive)                                  421,694,811                  3.69%            (1,687,683)           2.62%
        2 – 3 years (inclusive)                                  134,463,054                  1.18%              (528,676)           0.82%
        More than 3 years                                        211,324,608                  1.84%           (23,823,595)          36.94%


        Total                                                 11,433,250,460               100.00%            (64,488,653)         100.00%


       Note: Details of the analysis of the movement of allowance for impairment losses are disclosed in Note 57(a).
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  32. RECEIVABLE FROM MARGIN CLIENTS


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (a) Analysed by nature:
                                                                                                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                                2019            2018


                                                                  Individuals                                                                                   20,190,212,792         15,992,254,837
262
                                                                  Institutions                                                                                    2,556,491,253         1,364,577,500


                                                                                                                                                                22,746,704,045




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                  Subtotal                                                                                                             17,356,832,337


                                                                  Accrued interests                                                                                 486,198,955          383,309,440
                                                                  Less: Allowance for impairment losses                                                             (42,952,110)          (23,931,810)


                                                                  Total                                                                                         23,189,950,890         17,716,209,967


                                                                As at 31 December 2019, the principal amount of receivable from margin clients that the Group transferred to the
                                                                securitisation vehicle amounted to RMB2.00 billion (31 December 2018: RMB2.00 billion). The securitisation vehicle
                                                                issued asset-backed securities to investors with the receivable from margin clients as the underlying assets, of which all
                                                                subordinated tranche were held by the Group.


                                                         (b) Analysed by fair value of collaterals:
                                                                                                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                                2019            2018


                                                                  Stocks                                                                                        65,923,431,986         40,535,814,487
                                                                  Cash                                                                                            2,191,069,017         1,069,744,805
                                                                  Funds                                                                                             312,290,301          226,341,434
                                                                  Debt securities                                                                                    69,326,087           33,822,536


                                                                  Total                                                                                         68,496,117,391         41,865,723,262


                                                                Note: Details of the analysis of the movement of allowance for impairment losses are disclosed in Note 57(a).
33. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME


                                                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report
   (a) Analysed by type:
                                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                                    2019             2018


        At fair value
                                                                                                                                             263
        – Debt securities                                                                              28,985,823,339       35,699,665,877


   (b) Analysed by listing status:




                                                                                                                                             China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                                    2019             2018


        Listed
        – In Hong Kong, China                                                                            2,913,953,460       3,089,749,567
        – Outside Hong Kong, China                                                                     26,062,869,879       32,609,916,310
        Unlisted                                                                                              9,000,000                 –


        Total                                                                                          28,985,823,339       35,699,665,877


       Note : Details of the analysis of the movement of allowance for impairment losses are disclosed in Note 57(a).
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  34. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL ASSETS/(LIABILITIES)


2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                                                                  As at 31 December 2019
                                                                                                                                                                   Fair value
                                                                                                                             Notional amount                    Assets                Liabilities


                                                          Hedging instruments (a)
264                                                       – Interest rate contracts                                            24,640,000,000             288,002,265                           –
                                                          Non-hedging instruments
                                                          – Interest rate contracts                                            70,954,087,992             270,908,718             (326,465,411)




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                          – Currency contracts                                                 38,246,090,870             209,882,716             (351,243,297)
                                                          – Equity contracts                                                  120,463,872,756           3,237,022,236            (5,302,698,832)
                                                          – Credit contracts                                                       740,682,000              2,283,489              (13,182,890)
                                                          – Other contracts (Note)                                             22,904,072,395             555,934,539             (370,985,627)


                                                          Total                                                               277,948,806,013           4,564,033,963            (6,364,576,057)


                                                          Less: Settlement                                                                                (61,829,705)               2,384,056


                                                          Net position                                                                                  4,502,204,258            (6,362,192,001)


                                                                                                                                                  As at 31 December 2018
                                                                                                                                                                    Fair value
                                                                                                                              Notional amount                   Assets                 Liabilities


                                                          Hedging instruments (a)
                                                          – Interest rate contracts                                              26,100,000,000            491,128,609                          –
                                                          Non-hedging instruments
                                                          – Interest rate contracts                                              56,217,846,128            336,424,488              (427,536,439)
                                                          – Currency contracts                                                   19,241,583,018             99,619,314              (106,023,948)
                                                          – Equity contracts                                                     76,343,769,429           4,416,901,451           (2,728,859,874)
                                                          – Credit contracts                                                      1,247,017,363              5,872,825                (9,888,657)
                                                          – Other contracts (Note)                                               12,361,224,344            182,596,498              (188,281,339)


                                                          Total                                                                 191,511,440,282           5,532,543,185           (3,460,590,257)


                                                          Less: Settlement                                                                                   (3,007,037)             79,380,388


                                                          Net position                                                                                    5,529,536,148           (3,381,209,869)


                                                         Note: Other derivatives mainly include commodity options and commodity futures, etc.
34. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL ASSETS/(LIABILITIES) (continued)


                                                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report
    The notional amount of derivative financial instruments represents the volume of transactions that has not been completed but
    does not reflect the risk undertaken by the Group.


    Under the daily mark-to-market and settlement arrangement, any gains or losses of the Group’s position in futures in Mainland
    China are settled daily and the corresponding receipts and payments are reflected in “Deposits with clearing houses”. Accordingly,
    the Group did not hold any net position of the above contracts at 31 December 2019 (31 December 2018: Nil).                             265


    As at 31 December 2019, the positive fair value of the unexpired commodity futures contracts and stock index futures contracts




                                                                                                                                            China International Capital Corporation Limited
    held by the Group is RMB61,829,705 (31 December 2018: the positive fair value of the unexpired commodity futures contracts and
    treasury bond futures contracts held by the Group is RMB3,007,037); the negative fair value of the unexpired treasury bond futures
    contract held by the Group is RMB2,384,056 (31 December 2018: the negative fair value of the unexpired stock index futures held
    by the Group is RMB79,380,388).


    (a) Hedging instruments
          Fair value hedges are used by the Group to protect against changes in the fair value of financial assets and liabilities due to
          movements in market interest rates. Interest rate swaps are used as hedging instruments to hedge the interest rate risk of
          corporate bonds and subordinated bonds issued.


          The (losses)/gains of the hedging instruments and hedged items are presented as follows:


                                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                                            2019                  2018


           (Losses)/gains arising from fair value hedges, net:
           – Interest rate contracts                                                               (105,770,742)           620,064,733
           – Hedged items attributable to the hedged risk                                           159,362,265           (585,065,745)


           Total                                                                                     53,591,523             34,998,988
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  34. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL ASSETS/(LIABILITIES) (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (a) Hedging instruments (continued)
                                                                The notional amounts with remaining life of the designated as hedging instruments in fair value hedges are presented as
                                                                follows:


                                                                                                                                 As at 31 December 2019
266
                                                                                                                         Less than       6 months to            More than
                                                                                                                         6 months          12 months            12 months             Total




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                  Hedging instruments-interest rate contracts       6,450,000,000      8,600,000,000         9,590,000,000 24,640,000,000




                                                                                                                                  As at 31 December 2018
                                                                                                                          Less than       6 months to            More than
                                                                                                                         6 months          12 months            12 months              Total


                                                                  Hedging instruments-interest rate contracts                     –                   –      26,100,000,000   26,100,000,000


                                                                Details of the Group’s hedged risk exposure in fair value hedges are set out below:


                                                                                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                  Bonds Payable                                                                                    2019                2018


                                                                  Carrying amount of hedged items                                                         25,395,517,892      27,223,526,149
                                                                  Including: Accumulated adjustments to the fair value of hedged items                      376,385,675         539,674,670


                                                  35. CASH HELD ON BEHALF OF CLIENTS
                                                         The Group maintains segregated deposit accounts with banks and authorised institutions to hold clients’ monies arising from its
                                                         normal course of business. The Group has classified their brokerage clients’ monies as cash held on behalf of clients under the
                                                         current assets of the consolidated statement of financial position and recognised the corresponding accounts payable to brokerage
                                                         clients on the grounds that the Group is liable for any misappropriation of their clients’ monies. In Mainland China, clients’ monies
                                                         are restricted and governed by relevant third-party deposit regulations issued by the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the
                                                         “CSRC”). In Hong Kong SAR, clients’ monies are restricted and governed by the Securities and Futures (Client Money) Rules under
                                                         the Securities and Futures Ordinance.
36. CASH AND BANK BALANCES


                                                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2019                2018


    Cash on hand                                                                                227,924              245,730
    Deposits with banks                                                                 20,448,205,535        20,120,201,092
    Deposits with clearing houses                                                         3,463,005,629        2,247,502,495     267



    Subtotal                                                                            23,911,439,088        22,367,949,317




                                                                                                                                 China International Capital Corporation Limited
    Accrued interests                                                                        47,784,140           57,382,787
    Less: Allowance for impairment losses                                                      (294,558)            (843,942)


    Total                                                                               23,958,928,670        22,424,488,162


37. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
   (a) Cash and cash equivalents comprise:
                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2019                2018


            Cash on hand                                                                        227,924              245,730
            Deposits with banks                                                         20,448,205,535        20,120,201,092
            Deposits with clearing houses                                                 3,463,005,629        2,247,502,495


            Subtotal                                                                    23,911,439,088        22,367,949,317


            Less: Restricted bank deposits                                                 (813,843,832)        (412,961,673)


            Total                                                                       23,097,595,256        21,954,987,644


        The restricted bank deposits mainly include the risk reserve deposits held for asset management business and temporary
        deposits held on behalf of non-brokerage clients.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  37. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (b) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities:
                                                                                                                                                              Non-cash changes
                                                                                                                                                                    Interests,
                                                                                                                                                                 amortisation
                                                                                                                                                                   and effect
268
                                                                                                               As at                         (Transferred         of changes                               As at
                                                                                                           1 January                                 out)/         in foreign       Fair value     31 December
                                                                                                               2019         Cash flows     transferred in      exchange rate          changes              2019




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                  Short-term debt securities issued   14,061,377,785     6,576,381,766                    -      602,575,318                  -   21,240,334,869
                                                                  Long-term debt securities
                                                                    issued due within one year        12,993,890,883 (10,354,722,972) 18,064,283,956            1,213,030,343     (110,396,534) 21,806,085,676
                                                                  Long-term debt securities issued    48,998,790,985    24,637,441,402 (18,064,283,956)         2,064,066,909      (50,746,626) 57,585,268,714


                                                                  Total liabilities arising from
                                                                    financing activities              76,054,059,653    20,859,100,196                   –      3,879,672,570     (161,143,160) 100,631,689,259


                                                                                                                                                              Non-cash changes
                                                                                                                                                                     Interests,
                                                                                                                                                                  amortisation
                                                                                                                                                                    and effect
                                                                                                                As at                         (Transferred         of changes                               As at
                                                                                                            1 January                                out)/          in foreign       Fair value     31 December
                                                                                                                2018        Cash flows       transferred in     exchange rate         changes               2018


                                                                  Short-term debt securities issued    10,626,880,896     2,990,917,949        (19,799,121)       463,378,061                –     14,061,377,785
                                                                  Long-term debt securities
                                                                    issued due within one year          5,098,498,424    (5,225,699,493)   12,923,176,966         197,914,986                –     12,993,890,883
                                                                  Long-term debt securities issued     44,835,943,007    12,897,400,343    (12,903,377,845)      3,583,759,735     585,065,745     48,998,790,985


                                                                  Total liabilities arising from
                                                                    financing activities               60,561,322,327    10,662,618,799                  –       4,245,052,782     585,065,745     76,054,059,653
38. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS


                                                                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report
                                                                                           As at 31 December 2019
                                                                                                 Financial liabilities
                                                                                                   designated as at
                                                                 Financial liabilities           fair value through
                                                                    held for trading                    profit or loss                           Total
                                                                                                                                                             269

    Equity securities                                                  3,067,219,649                 20,673,051,510                  23,740,271,159
    Debt securities                                                      833,356,562                  1,963,383,218                   2,796,739,780




                                                                                                                                                             China International Capital Corporation Limited
    Funds and others                                                      33,307,915                                  –                   33,307,915


    Total                                                              3,933,884,126                 22,636,434,728                  26,570,318,854


                                                                                            As at 31 December 2018
                                                                                                   Financial liabilities
                                                                                                     designated as at
                                                                   Financial liabilities           fair value through
                                                                      held for trading                    profit or loss                          Total


    Equity securities                                                    3,324,981,139                  8,773,289,241                  12,098,270,380
    Debt securities                                                       918,861,787                   2,077,116,104                   2,995,977,891


    Total                                                                4,243,842,926                 10,850,405,345                  15,094,248,271


   Note (1):   As at 31 December 2019, there were no significant fair value changes related to the changes in the credit risk of the Group.

   Note (2):   The Group’s financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss are mainly are equity instruments, and their balance/gain
               and loss is linked to stock, index and etc.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  39. ACCOUNTS PAYABLE TO BROKERAGE CLIENTS


2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                  2019                    2018


                                                          Clients’ deposits for brokerage trading                                                      43,942,755,339         37,472,041,393
                                                          Clients’ deposits for margin financing and securities lending                                 4,387,247,232          3,838,246,453
270

                                                          Subtotal                                                                                     48,330,002,571         41,310,287,846




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                          Accrued interests                                                                                  7,869,600             7,616,280


                                                          Total                                                                                        48,337,872,171         41,317,904,126


                                                         Accounts payable to brokerage clients represent the monies received from and repayable to brokerage clients, which are mainly
                                                         held at banks and clearing houses. Accounts payable to brokerage clients are interest bearing at the prevailing interest rate.


                                                         The balance of the accounts payable includes certain margin deposits and cash collaterals received from clients for their margin
                                                         financing and securities lending activities under normal course of business. Only the amounts in excess of the required amount of
                                                         margin deposits and cash collaterals are repayable on demand.


                                                  40. PLACEMENTS FROM FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS
                                                         (a) Analysed by funding source:
                                                                                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                  2019                    2018


                                                                  Placements from banks                                                                21,025,216,615          7,487,696,864
                                                                  Placements from China Securities Finance Co., Ltd                                     1,800,000,000                       –
                                                                  Others                                                                                1,000,000,000          1,000,000,000


                                                                  Subtotal                                                                             23,825,216,615          8,487,696,864


                                                                  Accrued interests                                                                       257,165,515             46,107,008


                                                                  Total                                                                                24,082,382,130          8,533,803,872
40. PLACEMENTS FROM FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS (continued)


                                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report
   (b) Analysed by residual maturity:
                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                         2019                                   2018
                                                                     Range of                                 Range of
                                               Book value         interest rate       Book value         interest rate
                                                                                                                         271

            Within 1 month (inclusive)      15,439,958,880      1.90% – 4.68%       5,640,939,681      2.86% – 9.00%
            1 – 3 months (inclusive)         3,238,835,702      2.82% – 3.65%        746,378,339       4.85% – 5.00%




                                                                                                                         China International Capital Corporation Limited
            3 months – 1 year (inclusive)    5,403,587,548      2.96% – 3.44%       2,146,485,852      4.40% – 5.00%


            Total                           24,082,382,130                          8,533,803,872


41. SHORT-TERM DEBT SECURITIES ISSUED
                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                         Notes              2019                 2018


    Beneficiary certificates                                               (a)    14,502,136,485       12,028,986,000
    Notes payable                                                         (b)      6,581,778,922        1,944,854,059


    Subtotal                                                                      21,083,915,407       13,973,840,059


    Accrued interests:
      Beneficiary certificates                                                        88,681,587          60,997,604
      Notes payable                                                                   67,737,875          26,540,122


    Total                                                                         21,240,334,869       14,061,377,785
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  41. SHORT-TERM DEBT SECURITIES ISSUED (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (a) Beneficiary certificates:
                                                                                                 Book value                         Interest accrued,                                                Book value
                                                                                                        as at                                  net of                                                       as at
                                                                    Nominal interest rate     1 January 2019            Issuance        interest paid       Redemption       Transferred out 31 December 2019

272
                                                                    0.00% – 10.30%            12,089,983,604    62,644,473,418           27,683,983      (60,171,322,933)                  –      14,590,818,072




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                                  Book value                         Interest accrued,                                                Book value
                                                                                                        as at                                  net of                                                       as at
                                                                    Nominal interest rate      1 January 2018           Issuance         interest paid       Redemption       Transferred out   31 December 2018


                                                                    0.00% – 8.10%               8,824,880,000      48,566,845,400          62,996,725     (45,344,939,400)       (19,799,121)      12,089,983,604


                                                                The Group has issued beneficiary certificates bearing nominal interest with:


                                                                –          fixed rates, ranging from 0.30% to 8.10% per annum;


                                                                –          a fixed rate plus a floating rate; or


                                                                –          a floating rate.


                                                                The floating interest rate is calculated based on Shanghai & Shenzhen 300 Index, China Securities Index (CSI) 500 and other
                                                                indexes, individual stocks, prices of commodity products or USD index.


                                                                Beneficiary certificates issued by the Group are for maturities of 4 days to 733 days.
41. SHORT-TERM DEBT SECURITIES ISSUED (continued)


                                                                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report
   (b) Notes payable:
                                        Book value                        Interest accrued,
                                               as at                                 net of                       Amortisation       Book value as at
          Name                      1 January 2019            Issuance        interest paid      Redemption          and others 31 December 2019

                                                                                                                                                         273
          Structured notes (iii)     1,971,394,181     10,350,739,565          41,197,753      (5,822,951,719)     109,137,017         6,649,516,797




                                                                                                                                                         China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                         Book value                        Interest accrued,
                                               as at                                 net of                        Amortisation       Book value as at
          Name                       1 January 2018           Issuance         interest paid      Redemption         and others     31 December 2018


          MTN (i)                      1,110,814,000                 –                    –     (1,079,262,000)      (31,552,000)                   –
          MTN (ii)                                –        628,820,000                    –       (690,650,000)      61,830,000                     –
          Structured notes (iii)        691,186,896       6,416,379,004          26,540,122     (5,056,301,166)     (106,410,675)       1,971,394,181


          Total                        1,802,000,896      7,045,199,004          26,540,122     (6,826,213,166)      (76,132,675)       1,971,394,181


       (i)        The interest commencement date and maturity date of the notes were 15 November 2017 and 15 May 2018 respectively. The
                  principal of the notes amounted to USD170 million. The Group has redeemed the notes on 15 May 2018.

       (ii)       The interest commencement date and maturity date of the notes were 7 February 2018 and 7 November 2018 respectively. The
                  principal of the notes amounted to USD100 million. The Group has redeemed the notes on 7 November 2018.

       (iii)      The notes were issued bearing nominal interest rates ranging from 0.00% to 4.85% per annum. The notes are for maturities of 11 days
                  to 365 days.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  42. FINANCIAL ASSETS SOLD UNDER REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS (“REPOS”)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (a) Analysed by collateral type:
                                                                                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                                            2019                2018


                                                                  Debt securities                                                                17,549,727,759        45,485,445,768
274
                                                                  Others                                                                          7,111,147,291         3,106,007,184


                                                                                                                                                 24,660,875,050




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                  Subtotal                                                                                             48,591,452,952


                                                                  Accrued interests                                                                  47,382,181            59,303,370


                                                                  Total                                                                          24,708,257,231        48,650,756,322


                                                         (b) Analysed by market:
                                                                                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                                            2019                2018


                                                                  Over-the-counter market                                                        10,222,810,051         6,877,406,326
                                                                  Stock exchanges                                                                 6,312,160,573        13,127,726,502
                                                                  Inter-bank market                                                               8,173,286,607        28,645,623,494


                                                                  Total                                                                          24,708,257,231        48,650,756,322


                                                                As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s pledged collateral in connection with its repurchase financing business amounted to
                                                                RMB27,942 million (31 December 2018: RMB46,455 million).
43. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS PAYABLE


                                                                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                                                       2019                    2018


    Non-current
    Salaries, bonus and allowances                                                                            636,478,779              834,544,875
                                                                                                                                                          275

    Current
    Salaries, bonus and allowances                                                                          4,777,540,462            3,878,491,126




                                                                                                                                                          China International Capital Corporation Limited
    Retirement scheme contribution                                                                             13,313,025                13,110,032
    Other social welfare                                                                                       30,428,775                24,867,844
    Others                                                                                                     22,150,764                22,385,637


    Subtotal                                                                                                4,843,433,026            3,938,854,639


    Total                                                                                                   5,479,911,805            4,773,399,514


44. OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                                                       2019                    2018


    Trade payable (Note 1)                                                                                43,701,363,379            26,440,618,642
    Payables to the investors of consolidated structured entities (Note 2)                                  5,083,484,895            3,432,346,183
    Accounts payable to underwriting clients                                                                4,477,482,000                          –
    Accrued expenses                                                                                          570,545,312              571,996,456
    Sundry tax payable                                                                                        557,257,075              723,423,784
    Others (Note 3)                                                                                         2,567,002,962              746,340,369


    Total                                                                                                 56,957,135,623            31,914,725,434


   Note 1:     Trade payable mainly included deposits received in relation to derivative trading.

   Note 2:     For each reporting period, the consolidation scope of structured entities varies due to the addition and liquidation of the consolidated
               structured entities, and changes in the interests therein.

   Note 3:     Others mainly include the payment amounted to RMB1.9 billion that the Group was obligated to make to other investors regarding the
               securitisation vehicle (see Note 32(a)), which was disclosed as other non-current liabilities (see Note 48) as at 31 December 2018. The
               mature date of the securitisation vehicle is 21 November 2020.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  45. LONG-TERM DEBT SECURITIES ISSUED


2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                   Notes            2019              2018


                                                          Due within one year
                                                          – Beneficiary certificates                (a)     1,251,000,000     1,117,800,000
276                                                       – Subordinated bonds                      (b)      999,902,118      2,198,656,584
                                                          – Corporate bonds                         (c)    19,135,896,495     6,100,000,000
                                                          – Notes payable                           (d)                –      3,428,336,856




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                          Subtotal                                         21,386,798,613    12,844,793,440


                                                          Due after one year
                                                          – Beneficiary certificates                (a)     1,000,000,000       400,000,000
                                                          – Subordinated bonds                      (b)    21,053,581,502    12,579,474,786
                                                          – Corporate bonds                         (c)    18,362,873,397    28,256,578,851
                                                          – Notes payable                           (d)    13,915,473,546     6,842,394,391
                                                          – Financial bonds                         (e)     2,500,000,000                –


                                                          Subtotal                                         56,831,928,445    48,078,448,028


                                                          Accrued interests:
                                                          – Beneficiary certificates                          48,034,692         88,058,806
                                                          – Subordinated bonds                               354,549,037        238,674,537
                                                          – Corporate bonds                                  675,145,404        696,792,828
                                                          – Notes payable                                     64,248,884         45,914,229
                                                          – Financial bonds                                   30,649,315                 –


                                                          Subtotal                                          1,172,627,332     1,069,440,400


                                                          Total                                            79,391,354,390    61,992,681,868


                                                          Fair value                                       80,280,847,248    62,408,122,791
45. LONG-TERM DEBT SECURITIES ISSUED (continued)


                                                                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report
   (a) Beneficiary certificates:
                                      Book value                        Interest accrued,
           Nominal                           as at                                 net of                                           Book value as at
           interest rate           1 January 2019            Issuance       interest paid    Transferred in      Redemption       31 December 2019

                                                                                                                                                        277
           0.00% – 10.25%           1,605,858,806       1,835,000,000        (40,024,114)                 –    (1,101,800,000)        2,299,034,692




                                                                                                                                                        China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                       Book value                        Interest accrued,
                                             as at                                 net of                                         Book value as at 31
           Nominal interest rate    1 January 2018           Issuance        interest paid    Transferred in      redemption         December 2018


           0.00% – 8.00%             2,633,021,155        500,000,000          27,748,530        19,799,121     (1,574,710,000)        1,605,858,806


       The Group has issued beneficiary certificates bearing nominal interest with:


       –        fixed rates, ranging from 3.40% to 6.45% per annum;


       –        a fixed rate plus a floating rate; or


       –        a floating rate.


       The floating interest rate is calculated based on the index market or the credit situation of certain assets. An investor put or
       issuer call is applicable on certain beneficiary certificates.


       The beneficiary certificates are for maturities of 1 year to 3 years.
                                                                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited                    278            2019 Annual Report



45. LONG-TERM DEBT SECURITIES ISSUED (continued)
   (b) Subordinated bonds:
                                   Interest                                                        Book value                     Interest accrued,                                             Book value
                                commence-                     Interest               Nominal              as at                             net of                       Amortisation                  as at
        Name                     ment date    Maturity date   payment           interest rate   1 January 2019        Issuance        interest paid    Redemption          and others 31 December 2019


        16 CICC C2              15/12/2016      15/12/2021    Annually                 4.60%      3,406,855,890              –                    –                 –                   –      3,406,855,890
                                                                           st   th
                                                                         1 – 5 year, 5.00%;
                                                                                                                                                                                                               (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)


        16 CICC Futures (iii)   16/12/2016      16/12/2024    Annually 6th – 8th year, 8.00%       100,219,178               –                    –                 –                   –       100,219,178
        17 CICC C1              22/05/2017      22/05/2022    Annually                 5.39%       642,495,998               –           (5,641,929)                –          (4,179,169)      632,674,900
        17 CICC C2              24/07/2017      24/07/2022    Annually                 4.98%      1,578,638,729              –          (11,495,672)                –          (7,752,508)     1,559,390,549
        17 CICC C3              16/11/2017      16/11/2022    Annually                 5.50%      1,566,077,566              –          (14,668,115)                –      (11,016,338)        1,540,393,113
        18 CICC C1              20/04/2018      20/04/2023    Annually                 5.30%      1,067,546,988              –           (6,180,844)                –          (2,562,770)     1,058,803,374
        18 CICC C2              29/08/2018      29/08/2021    Annually                 4.70%      1,534,886,625              –           (3,872,002)                –          (1,808,309)     1,529,206,314
        19 CICC C1              19/04/2019      19/04/2022    Annually                 4.20%                 –    1,500,000,000         44,186,301                  –                   –      1,544,186,301
        19 CICC C3              14/10/2019      14/10/2024    Annually                 4.09%                 –    1,500,000,000         12,942,329                  –                   –      1,512,942,329
        19 CICC C4              11/11/2019      11/11/2024    Annually                 4.12%                 –    1,500,000,000           8,296,438                 –                   –      1,508,296,438
        19 CICC C5              05/12/2019      05/12/2024    Annually                 4.20%                 –    2,000,000,000           5,753,425                 –                   –      2,005,753,425
        16 CISC 01 (iv)         07/12/2016      07/12/2019    Annually                 4.00%      2,204,683,981              –           (6,027,397)   (2,200,000,000)         1,343,416                  –
        17 CISC 01              23/02/2017      23/02/2020    Annually                 4.85%      1,040,704,314              –                    –                 –            655,339       1,041,359,653
        17 CISC 02              23/02/2017      23/02/2022    Annually                 5.00%      1,874,696,638              –                    –                 –            672,589       1,875,369,227
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



        19 CISC C1              25/04/2019      25/04/2022    Annually                 4.50%                 –    3,000,000,000         92,581,966                  –                   –      3,092,581,966


        Total                                                                                    15,016,805,907   9,500,000,000        115,874,500     (2,200,000,000)     (24,647,750)       22,408,032,657
45. LONG-TERM DEBT SECURITIES ISSUED (continued)
   (b) Subordinated bonds: (continued)
                                     Interest                                                                Book value                    Interest accrued,                                              Book value
                                  commence-                        Interest                 Nominal                as at                             net of                       Amortisation                  as at
          Name                     ment date    Maturity date     payment                interest rate   1 January 2018        Issuance        interest paid    Redemption             and others   31 December 2018


                                                                              1st – 3rd year, 5.25%;
          15 CICC C1 (i)          29/05/2015     29/05/2021       Annually     4th – 6th year,8.25%        2,000,000,000              –                   –    (2,000,000,000)                 –                   –
                                                                               st   nd
                                                                              1 – 2 year, 3.25%;
          16 CICC C1 (ii)         21/07/2016     21/07/2021       Annually     3rd – 5th year, 6.25%       2,000,000,000              –                   –    (2,000,000,000)                 –                   –
          16 CICC C2              15/12/2016     15/12/2021       Annually                     4.60%       3,400,000,000              –           6,855,890                 –                  –        3,406,855,890
                                                                              1st – 5th year, 5.00%;
          16 CICC Futures (iii)   16/12/2016     16/12/2024       Annually     6th – 8th year, 8.00%       100,000,000                –             219,178                 –                  –          100,219,178
          17 CICC C1              22/05/2017     22/05/2022       Annually                     5.39%        601,136,664               –          16,058,086                 –          25,301,248         642,495,998
          17 CICC C2              24/07/2017     24/07/2022       Annually                     4.98%       1,480,139,603              –          30,183,697                 –          68,315,429       1,578,638,729
          17 CICC C3              16/11/2017     16/11/2022       Annually                     5.50%       1,500,000,000              –           2,054,888                 –          64,022,678       1,566,077,566
          18 CICC C1              20/04/2018     20/04/2023       Annually                     5.30%                  –    1,000,000,000         34,935,674                 –          32,611,314       1,067,546,988
          18 CICC C2              29/08/2018     29/08/2021       Annually                     4.70%                  –    1,500,000,000         23,950,685                 –          10,935,940       1,534,886,625
          16 CISC 01 (iv)         07/12/2016     07/12/2019       Annually                     4.00%       2,197,269,866              –           6,027,397                 –           1,386,718       2,204,683,981
          17 CISC 01              23/02/2017     23/02/2020       Annually                     4.85%        998,622,825               –          41,457,535                 –            623,954        1,040,704,314
          17 CISC 02              23/02/2017     23/02/2022       Annually                     5.00%       1,797,125,551              –          76,931,507                 –            639,580        1,874,696,638


          Total                                                                                          16,074,294,509    2,500,000,000       238,674,537     (4,000,000,000)     203,836,861         15,016,805,907


       (i)        The Company has redeemed the bonds on 29 May 2018.

       (ii)       The Company has redeemed the bonds on 23 July 2018.

       (iii)      CICC Futures Co., Ltd. (“CICC Futures”) has an option to redeem the bonds on 16 December 2021.

       (iv)       CICC Wealth Management has redeemed the bonds on 9 December 2019.




                                                                                                               China International Capital Corporation Limited                   279            2019 Annual Report
                                                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited                      280            2019 Annual Report



45. LONG-TERM DEBT SECURITIES ISSUED (continued)
   (c) Corporate bonds:
                                 Interest                                                                                    Interest                                             Book value as at
                           commencement      Maturity    Interest      Nominal Book value as at                       accrued, net of                            Amortisation       31 December
        Name                        date         date    payment    interest rate   1 January 2019        Issuance      interest paid    Redemption                and others                2019


        16 CICC 01 (i)         18/07/2016   18/07/2021   Annually          3.58%      3,041,040,822              –          5,785,186     (124,000,000)                      –       2,922,826,008
        16 CICC 02 (ii)        18/07/2016   18/07/2023   Annually          3.29%      1,015,052,877              –                  –                 –                      –       1,015,052,877
                                                                                                                                                                                                     (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)


        16 CICC 03 (iii)       27/10/2016   27/10/2021   Annually          2.95%      1,105,867,671              –         (5,867,671)   (1,100,000,000)                     –                  –
        16 CICC 04 (iv)        27/10/2016   27/10/2023   Annually          3.13%       905,093,753               –                  –                 –                      –         905,093,753
        16 CICC 05 (vi)        26/12/2016   26/12/2019   Annually          4.50%      2,001,232,877              –         (1,232,877)   (2,000,000,000)                     –                  –
        17 CICC 01             20/01/2017   20/01/2020   Annually          4.35%      4,208,384,842              –        (18,749,670)                –            (23,948,519)      4,165,686,653
        17 CICC 02             08/05/2017   08/05/2020   Annually          4.97%      1,048,723,409              –         (4,359,391)                –            (11,867,086)      1,032,496,932
        17 CICC 03             08/05/2017   08/05/2022   Annually          5.19%      1,074,650,503              –         (9,890,186)                –             (9,358,161)      1,055,402,156
        17 CICC 04             27/07/2017   27/07/2020   Annually          4.78%      2,069,448,958              –        (10,236,244)                –            (16,589,178)      2,042,623,536
        17 CICC 05             20/10/2017   20/10/2020   Annually          5.13%      2,050,793,969              –        (13,625,576)                –            (18,018,097)      2,019,150,296
        17 CICC 06             21/11/2017   21/11/2020   Annually          5.45%      2,553,722,772              –        (18,368,472)                –            (22,601,548)      2,512,752,752
        18 CICC 01             26/01/2018   26/01/2020   Annually          5.58%      1,065,390,775              –         (5,525,618)                –             (7,619,725)      1,052,245,432
        18 CICC 02             26/01/2018   26/01/2021   Annually          5.70%      1,077,396,945              –         (7,678,786)                –             (7,573,900)      1,062,144,259
        18 CICC 03             24/04/2018   24/04/2020   Annually          4.80%       522,384,546               –         (2,072,183)                –             (3,255,212)        517,057,151
        18 CICC 04             24/04/2018   24/04/2021   Annually          4.94%      1,051,641,949              –         (5,853,981)                –             (4,184,734)      1,041,603,234
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



        18 CICC 05             28/06/2018   28/06/2020   Annually          5.20%      1,033,134,856              –         (2,831,105)                –             (2,693,790)      1,027,609,961
        18 CICC 06             28/06/2018   28/06/2021   Annually          5.30%      1,038,182,162              –         (3,669,400)                –             (2,310,735)      1,032,202,027
        19 CICC 04             21/11/2019   21/11/2025   Annually          3.52%                 –    1,500,000,000         5,786,301                 –                      –       1,505,786,301
        17 CISC F1             18/07/2017   18/07/2020   Annually          4.95%      3,067,943,835              –           (185,639)                –                      –       3,067,758,196
        17 CISC F2             18/07/2017   18/07/2022   Annually          5.10%      1,023,334,247              –            (63,755)                –                      –       1,023,270,492
        18 CISC 01             23/03/2018   23/03/2021   Annually          5.95%      1,046,152,966              –           (126,491)                –                61,858        1,046,088,333
        18 CISC 02             03/09/2018   03/09/2020   Annually          4.72%      2,040,024,557              –         (4,011,525)                –             (3,616,445)      2,032,396,587
        18 CISC 03             21/09/2018   21/09/2021   Annually          4.99%      1,013,772,388              –            (38,100)                –                60,574        1,013,794,862
        19 CISC 01             22/04/2019   22/04/2022   Annually          4.22%                 –    2,000,000,000        58,572,678                 –               (294,261)      2,058,278,417
        19 CICC WMS 01         16/10/2019   16/10/2024   Annually          3.58%                 –    3,000,000,000        22,595,081                 –                      –       3,022,595,081


        Total                                                                        35,053,371,679   6,500,000,000       (21,647,424)   (3,224,000,000)          (133,808,959)     38,173,915,296
45. LONG-TERM DEBT SECURITIES ISSUED (continued)
   (c) Corporate bonds: (continued)
                                 Interest                                                                                      Interest                                           Book value as at
                           commencement       Maturity    Interest      Nominal      Book value as at                   accrued, net of                           Amortisation      31 December
        Name                        date          date   payment     interest rate    1 January 2018        Issuance      interest paid    Redemption              and others                2018


        16 CICC 01 (i)        18/07/2016    18/07/2021   Annually          2.99%       3,000,000,000               –        41,040,822                 –                     –      3,041,040,822
        16 CICC 02 (ii)       18/07/2016    18/07/2023   Annually          3.29%       1,000,000,000               –        15,052,877                 –                     –      1,015,052,877
        16 CICC 03 (iii)      27/10/2016    27/10/2021   Annually          2.95%       1,100,000,000               –         5,867,671                 –                     –      1,105,867,671
        16 CICC 04 (iv)       27/10/2016    27/10/2023   Annually          3.13%         900,000,000               –         5,093,753                 –                     –        905,093,753
        16 CICC 05 (vi)       26/12/2016    26/12/2019   Annually          4.50%       2,000,000,000               –         1,232,877                 –                     –      2,001,232,877
        17 CICC 01            20/01/2017    20/01/2020   Annually          4.35%       3,974,367,918               –       155,115,334                 –            78,901,590      4,208,384,842
        17 CICC 02            08/05/2017    08/05/2020   Annually          4.97%       1,005,797,807               –        24,141,961                 –            18,783,641      1,048,723,409
        17 CICC 03            08/05/2017    08/05/2022   Annually          5.19%       1,007,657,164               –        25,868,186                 –            41,125,153      1,074,650,503
        17 CICC 04            27/07/2017    27/07/2020   Annually          4.78%       1,985,509,769               –        35,137,174                 –            48,802,015      2,069,448,958
        17 CICC 05            20/10/2017    20/10/2020   Annually          5.13%       2,000,000,000               –        12,048,542                 –            38,745,427      2,050,793,969
        17 CICC 06            21/11/2017    21/11/2020   Annually          5.45%       2,500,000,000               –           901,662                 –            52,821,110      2,553,722,772
        18 CICC 01            26/01/2018    26/01/2020   Annually          5.58%                   –    1,000,000,000       46,038,946                 –            19,351,829      1,065,390,775
        18 CICC 02            26/01/2018    26/01/2021   Annually          5.70%                   –    1,000,000,000       47,561,580                 –            29,835,365      1,077,396,945
        18 CICC 03            24/04/2018    24/04/2020   Annually          4.80%                   –     500,000,000        15,648,608                 –             6,735,938        522,384,546
        18 CICC 04            24/04/2018    24/04/2021   Annually          4.94%                   –    1,000,000,000       31,538,620                 –            20,103,329      1,051,641,949
        18 CICC 05            28/06/2018    28/06/2020   Annually          5.20%                   –    1,000,000,000       25,834,744                 –             7,300,112      1,033,134,856
        18 CICC 06            28/06/2018    28/06/2021   Annually          5.30%                   –    1,000,000,000       26,115,223                 –            12,066,939      1,038,182,162
        15 CISC G1 (v)        24/07/2015    24/07/2018   Annually          3.62%       3,497,797,815               –                 –    (3,500,000,000)            2,202,185                  –
        17 CISC F1            18/07/2017    18/07/2020   Annually          4.95%       3,000,000,000               –        67,943,835                 –                     –      3,067,943,835
        17 CISC F2            18/07/2017    18/07/2022   Annually          5.10%       1,000,000,000               –        23,334,247                 –                     –      1,023,334,247
        18 CISC 01            23/03/2018    23/03/2021   Annually          5.95%                   –    1,000,000,000       46,295,891                 –              (142,925)     1,046,152,966
        18 CISC 02            03/09/2018    03/09/2020   Annually          4.72%                   –    2,000,000,000       31,035,617                 –             8,988,940      2,040,024,557
        18 CISC 03            21/09/2018    21/09/2021   Annually          4.99%                   –    1,000,000,000       13,944,658                 –              (172,270)     1,013,772,388


        Total                                                                         27,971,130,473    9,500,000,000      696,792,828    (3,500,000,000)         385,448,378      35,053,371,679




                                                                                     China International Capital Corporation Limited                        281          2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                          China International Capital Corporation Limited                            282          2019 Annual Report



45. LONG-TERM DEBT SECURITIES ISSUED (continued)
   (c) Corporate bonds: (continued)
       (i)        The Company had an option to redeem the bonds on 18 July 2019. If the early-redemption option was not exercised, the Company would have an option to increase the
                  coupon rate and an obligation to redeem the bonds when requested by the investors. On 28 June 2019, the Company announced to waive its early-redemption option
                  on 18 July 2019. According to the Company’s announcement dated on 28 June 2019, the Company announced to waive the option to redeem such bond, and opted to
                  increase the coupon rate from 2.99% to 3.58% for the last two years of the tenure of such bond.
       (ii)       The Company has an option to redeem the bonds on 18 July 2021. If the early-redemption option is not exercised, the Company will have an option to increase the coupon
                  rate and an obligation to redeem the bonds when requested by the investors.
       (iii)      The Company has an option to redeem the bonds on 27 October 2019. If the early-redemption option is not exercised, the Company will have an option to increase the
                  coupon rate and an obligation to redeem the bonds when requested by the investors. On 28 October 2019, the Company announced to waive its early-redemption option.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)



       (iv)       The Company has an option to redeem the bonds on 27 October 2021. If the early-redemption option is not exercised, the Company has an option to increase the coupon
                  rate and an obligation to redeem the bonds when requested by the investors.
       (v)        CICC Wealth Management has redeemed the bonds on 24 July 2018.
       (vi)       CICC has redeemed the bonds on 26 December 2019.

   (d) Notes payable:
                                                          Interest
                                                       commence-       Maturity             Nominal       Book value as at                   Interest accrued,                             Amortisation Book value as at
          Name                                          ment date         date          interest rate      1 January 2019         Issuance net of interest paid    Redemption               and others 31 December 2019


          MTN (i)                                       18/05/2016    18/05/2019               2.75%         3,439,874,674                –         (11,537,818)   (3,449,400,000)           21,063,144                    –
          MTN (ii)                                      25/04/2018    25/04/2021   3M LIBOR plus 1.2%        4,134,978,441                –          (3,880,840)                –            72,221,528        4,203,319,129
          MTN (iii)                                     11/09/2018    11/09/2021   3M LIBOR plus 1.2%        2,741,792,361                –          (1,258,424)                –            48,680,966        2,789,214,903
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



          MTN (iv)                                      03/05/2019    03/05/2022   3M LIBOR plus 1.2%                    –    4,714,080,000          23,828,016                 –           154,093,697        4,892,001,713
          MTN (v)                                       03/05/2019    03/05/2022               3.38%                     –    2,020,320,000          11,183,721                 –            63,682,964        2,095,186,685


          Total                                                                                             10,316,645,476    6,734,400,000          18,334,655    (3,449,400,000)          359,742,299       13,979,722,430


                                                           Interest
                                                        commence-       Maturity              Nominal      Book value as at                  Interest accrued,                              Amortisation   Book value as at
          Name                                           ment date         date           interest rate     1 January 2018        Issuance net of interest paid     Redemption               and others 31 December 2018


          MTN (i)                                       18/05/2016    18/05/2019               2.75%         3,255,995,294                –          11,537,816                 –           172,341,564        3,439,874,674
          MTN (ii)                                      25/04/2018    25/04/2021   3M LIBOR plus 1.2%                    –    3,783,960,000          28,328,176                 –           322,690,265        4,134,978,441
          MTN (iii)                                     11/09/2018    11/09/2021   3M LIBOR plus 1.2%                    –    2,739,520,000           6,048,237                 –            (3,775,876)       2,741,792,361


          Total                                                                                              3,255,995,294    6,523,480,000          45,914,229                 –           491,255,953       10,316,645,476
45. LONG-TERM DEBT SECURITIES ISSUED (continued)
   (d) Notes payable: (continued)
       (i)       The interest commencement date and maturity date of the notes are 18 May 2016 and 18 May 2019 respectively. The principal of the notes amounts to USD500 million. The
                 Group has redeemed the notes on 20 May 2019.

       (ii)      The interest commencement date and maturity date of the notes are 25 April 2018 and 25 April 2021 respectively. The principal of the notes amounts to USD600 million. The
                 interest payment is made quarterly.

       (iii)     The interest commencement date and maturity date of the notes are 11 September 2018 and 11 September 2021 respectively. The principal of the notes amounts to
                 USD400 million. The interest payment is made quarterly.

       (iv)      The interest commencement date and maturity date of the notes are 3 May 2019 and 3 May 2022 respectively. The principal of the notes amounts to USD700 million. The
                 interest payment is made quarterly.

       (v)       The interest commencement date and maturity date of the notes are 3 May 2019 and 3 May 2022 respectively. The principal of the notes amounts to USD300 million. The
                 interest payment is made semi-annually.

   (e) Financial bonds:
                                         Interest                                                  Book value                     Interest accrued,
                                      commence-                      Interest      Nominal      as at 1 January                              net of                                 Amortisation Book value as at
          Name                         ment date    Maturity date   payment     interest rate            2019         Issuance        interest paid   Transferred in   Redemption     and others 31 December 2019


          19 CICC Financial
          Bond 01                      22/08/2019     22/08/2022     Annually          3.39%                 –    2,500,000,000          30,649,315               –             –             –      2,530,649,315




                                                                                                        China International Capital Corporation Limited                      283        2019 Annual Report
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  46. LEASE LIABILITIES


2019 Annual Report
                                                                                                                                                                                             As at 31
                                                                                                                                                                                       December 2019


                                                          Buildings                                                                                                                       1,459,424,998
                                                          Equipment                                                                                                                             569,530
284

                                                          Subtotal                                                                                                                        1,459,994,528




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                          Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown under current liabilities                                                  487,672,398


                                                          Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under non-current liabilities                                                     972,322,130


                                                  47. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                            2019                     2018


                                                          Asset and fund management services                                                                        268,698,457              214,441,996
                                                          Investment banking services                                                                                70,790,978                        –


                                                          Total                                                                                                     339,489,435              214,441,996


                                                         Contract liabilities mainly included advanced receipts from clients for the assets and fund management services and investment
                                                         banking services. Revenue would be recognised within the next 12 months when the Group fulfills its obligations.


                                                  48. OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                            2019                     2018


                                                          Deferred income                                                                                           146,982,000               151,470,000
                                                          Long-term borrowings                                                                                       10,200,000                10,200,000
                                                          Long-term finance leases payable                                                                                    –                 1,361,659
                                                          Others (Note)                                                                                                       –             1,900,000,000


                                                          Subtotal                                                                                                  157,182,000             2,063,031,659


                                                          Accrued interests                                                                                                      –             15,406,027


                                                          Total                                                                                                     157,182,000             2,078,437,686


                                                         Note: The payment that the Group was obligated to make to other investors of a securitisation vehicle amounted to RMB1.9 billion. It was
                                                               reclassified to other current liabilities (see Note 44) as at 31 December 2019. The maturity date of the securitisation vehicle is 21 November
                                                               2020.
49. CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS


                                                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report
   (a) Share capital
       The Company’s number of shares and nominal value are as follows:


                                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                                        2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                        285

        Issued and fully paid ordinary shares with a nominal value of RMB1 each
           Domestic shares                                                                    2,464,953,440             2,464,953,440




                                                                                                                                        China International Capital Corporation Limited
           H shares                                                                           1,903,714,428             1,727,714,428


        Total                                                                                 4,368,667,868             4,192,667,868


        Share capital
           Domestic shares                                                                    2,464,953,440             2,464,953,440
           H shares                                                                           1,903,714,428             1,727,714,428


        Total                                                                                 4,368,667,868             4,192,667,868


       Pursuant to a conversion completed on 1 June 2015, the Company was converted into a joint stock company with limited
       liability. After the conversion, the Company issued 1,667,473,000 ordinary shares with par value of RMB1 each.


       On 9 November 2015, the Company issued 555,824,000 H shares with a par value of RMB1 at an offering price of HKD10.28
       per share. On 18 November 2015, the Company exercised the over-allotment option and issued 83,372,000 H shares with a
       par value of RMB1 at an offering price of HKD10.28 per share.


       Pursuant to the acquisition of 100% equity interests in CICC Wealth Management, the Company issued 1,678,461,809
       consideration shares at a price of RMB9.95 per share to Huijin in March 2017. Accordingly, the registered capital and share
       capital of the Company increased to RMB3,985,130,809 respectively, which was divided into 2,464,953,440 domestic shares
       and 1,520,177,369 H shares.


       On 23 March 2018, the Company issued 207,537,059 new H shares at a price of HKD13.80 per share to Tencent Mobility
       Limited. Accordingly, the registered capital of the Company increased to RMB4,192,667,868 and the total number of the
       shares of the Company increased to 4,192,667,868 shares, which was divided into 2,464,953,440 domestic shares and
       1,727,714,428 H shares.


       On 24 October 2019, the Company issued 176,000,000 new H shares with a par value of RMB1 at a price of HKD14.40 per
       share. Accordingly, the registered capital of the Company increased to RMB4,368,667,868 and the total number of shares of
       the Company increased to 4,368,667,868 shares, which was divided into 2,464,953,440 domestic shares and 1,903,714,428 H
       shares.


       The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote
       per share at meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank equally with regards to the Company’s residual assets.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  49. CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (b) Reserves
                                                                (i)    Capital reserve
                                                                       The Group
                                                                                                                                                                    As at 31 December
286                                                                                                                                                                    2019                    2018


                                                                         Share premium (Note)                                                              26,884,912,147           24,775,868,127




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                         Others                                                                                 46,734,828              46,734,828


                                                                         Total                                                                             26,931,646,975           24,822,602,955


                                                                       The Company
                                                                                                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                       2019                    2018


                                                                         Share premium (Note)                                                              29,104,497,086           27,022,893,623
                                                                         Others                                                                                 21,708,921              21,708,921


                                                                         Total                                                                             29,126,206,007           27,044,602,544


                                                                       Note: The premium arising from the Company’s H share offering and the issuance of domestic shares (see Note 49(a)) was recorded
                                                                             in share premium.

                                                                (ii)   Surplus reserve
                                                                       The surplus reserve represents statutory surplus reserve. The Company is required to appropriate 10% of its net profit
                                                                       as determined under the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and other relevant requirements issued by the
                                                                       Ministry of Finance (the “MOF”) after offsetting prior year’s accumulated losses, to the statutory surplus reserve until
                                                                       the reserve balance reaches 50% of its registered capital. Subject to the approval of shareholders, the statutory surplus
                                                                       reserve may be used to offset accumulated losses, or converted into capital of the Company provided that the balance
                                                                       of the statutory surplus reserve after such capitalisation is not less than 25% of the registered capital immediately
                                                                       before the capitalisation.
49. CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (continued)


                                                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report
   (b) Reserves (continued)
       (iii) General reserves
             General reserves include general risk reserve and trading risk reserve.


             In accordance with the Financial Rules for Financial Enterprises (Order of the MOF No. 42) and the application guidance    287
             (Caijin [2007] No. 23) issued by the MOF, and the Guideline of Supervision of Annual Report of Securities Companies
             issued by the CSRC, the Company is required to appropriate an amount equivalent to 10% of the net profit to the




                                                                                                                                        China International Capital Corporation Limited
             general risk reserve.


             In addition, the Company as the mutual fund custodian shall accrue general risk reserve at a proportion of no less
             than 2.5% of custodian fee income. The accruement could be suspended on condition that the ending balance of risk
             reserve reached 0.25% of the aggregate of net asset values of the mutual funds, which are under custody, at the end
             of last quarter.


             In accordance with the Guideline of Supervision of Annual Report of Securities Companies issued by the CSRC, the
             Company is required to appropriate an amount equivalent to 10% of the net profit to the trading risk reserve.


             In accordance with the Implementation Guidelines for the Large Collective Asset Management Business of Securities
             Firms under the Guiding Opinions for Regulating the Asset Management Business of Financial Institutions, securities
             companies shall be analogically governed by relevant laws and requirements of public offering funds. Accordingly, the
             Company and CICC Wealth Management draw risk reserves from management fee income of Large Collective Asset
             Management business at a proportion of 10%.


             The Company makes the appropriation of general reserves at the end of each year.


             General reserves for the Company’s subsidiaries are appropriated if relevant requirements are in place.


       (iv) Investment revaluation reserve
             The investment revaluation reserve represents cumulative gains and losses arising on the revaluation of financial assets
             at fair value through other comprehensive income, net of amounts reclassified to profit or loss when those financial
             assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are disposed of or are determined to be impaired.


       (v)   Foreign currency translation reserve
             The foreign currency translation reserve comprises foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the
             financial statements of the Group entities from their respective reporting currencies to RMB.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  49. CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (c) Dividends
                                                                Upon the approval of the Annual General Meeting on 28 May 2019, the Company announced the payment of cash dividend
                                                                for its 2018 profit distribution. The amount of cash dividend was RMB670,826,859 (or RMB1.6 every 10 shares, tax inclusive)
                                                                and the distribution was made in July 2019.

288
                                                                On 30 March 2020, the 2019 profit distribution plan was approved by the Board of Directors. For details, please refer to Note
                                                                62(d).




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                Dividends proposed by the directors are not deducted from equity, until approved by the Annual General Meeting. After
                                                                being approved and declared, the dividends are recognised as a liability.


                                                  50. OTHER EQUITY INSTRUMENTS
                                                         At initial recognition, the Group classifies the perpetual bonds issued as financial liabilities or equity instruments based on their
                                                         contractual terms and their economic substance after considering the definition of financial liabilities and equity instruments.


                                                         Perpetual bonds issued that should be classified as equity instruments are recognised in equity based on the actual amount
                                                         received. Any distribution of dividends or interests during the instruments’ duration is treated as profit appropriation. When the
                                                         perpetual bonds are redeemed according to the contractual terms, the redemption price is charged to equity.


                                                         The Company issued its 2015 perpetual subordinated bonds with a total principal amount of RMB1 billion on 29 May 2015. The
                                                         interest rate of the perpetual subordinated bonds is determined as follows:


                                                         –      The bond bears at a fixed interest rate;


                                                         –      The nominal interest rate of the first five interest-bearing years is determined by inquiry and will remain unchanged. The
                                                                nominal interest rate resets every five years since the sixth interest-bearing year.


                                                         The Company does not have any contractual obligation to deliver cash or other financial assets to redeem the perpetual
                                                         subordinated bonds. The redemption of the perpetual subordinated bonds is solely at the discretion of the Company.
51. COMMITMENTS


                                                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report
   (a) Capital commitments
       Capital commitments outstanding at 31 December 2019 and 2018 not provided for in the financial statements were as
       follows:


                                                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                        289
                                                                                                              2019              2018


        Contracted, but not provided for                                                            2,756,949,559       1,597,864,192




                                                                                                                                        China International Capital Corporation Limited
   (b) Underwriting commitments
       According to the relevant tendering documents, there was no underwriting commitments taken but not provided for as at
       31 December 2019 for the Group (31 December 2018: RMB40 million).


52. INTERESTS IN STRUCTURED ENTITIES
   (a) Interests in structured entities consolidated by the Group
       For structured entities consolidated by the Group where the Group is involved as manager or investor, the Group assesses
       the degree of its remuneration generated from these investments. If the Group obtains the variability of returns from the
       activities of these investments to a level of such significance, it indicates that the Group is a principal.


       As at 31 December 2019 and 2018, the total assets of the consolidated structured entities are RMB22,643,139,472 and
       RMB11,791,819,803 respectively, and the carrying amount of interests held by the Group in the consolidated structured
       entities are RMB7,946,520,862 and RMB4,778,125,788 respectively.


   (b) Interests in structured entities sponsored by third party institutions
       The types of structured entities that the Group does not consolidate but holds an interest in include wealth management
       products, asset management schemes, mutual funds, trust products, and other vehicles issued by other financial institutions.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  52. INTERESTS IN STRUCTURED ENTITIES (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (b) Interests in structured entities sponsored by third party institutions (continued)
                                                                The nature and purpose of these structured entities are to generate fees from managing assets on behalf of investors. These
                                                                vehicles are financed through issuing units to investors.


                                                                                                                                                             As at 31 December
290
                                                                                                                                                                2019                  2018


                                                                  Carrying amount of interests held by the Group




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                  – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                            59,215,114,396         47,327,726,304
                                                                  – Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                     24,833,283           619,716,414


                                                                The Group’s exposure to the variable returns in these structured entities is not significant from the perspective of the
                                                                structured entities and the maximum exposure to loss is limited to the carrying amount of the interests held by the Group.


                                                         (c) Interests in structured entities sponsored by the Group but not consolidated
                                                                Structured entities for which the Group serves as general partner or manager, therefore has power over them during the
                                                                years include private equity funds, mutual funds and asset management products. These structured entities are mainly
                                                                financed through issuing units to investors.


                                                                                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                2019                  2018


                                                                  Carrying amount of interests held by the Group
                                                                  – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                             7,272,348,899          4,754,906,498
                                                                  – Accounts receivable                                                               1,440,190,809          1,030,013,910
                                                                  – Interests in associates and joint ventures                                          325,383,470            330,322,476


                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2019 and 2018, the Group obtained management fee and performance fee amounting to
                                                                RMB2,001,492,975 and RMB1,779,149,564 respectively from these structured entities.


                                                                Except for those which have been consolidated by the Group as set out in Note 52(a), the Group’s exposure to the variable
                                                                returns in the rest of these structured entities is not significant. The maximum exposure to loss is limited to the carrying
                                                                amount of the interests held by the Group.


                                                                During the year, the Group did not provide financial support to these unconsolidated structured entities and has no
                                                                intention of providing financial or other support in the future.


                                                  53. TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS
                                                         In the normal course of business, the Group enters into certain transactions in which they transfer recognised financial assets to
                                                         third parties or customers. If these transfers qualify for derecognition, the Group derecognises all or part of the financial assets
                                                         where appropriate. If the Group has retained substantially all the risks and rewards on these assets, the Group continues to
                                                         recognise these assets.
53. TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS (continued)


                                                                                                                                                  2019 Annual Report
   (a) Repurchase agreements
       Sales and repurchase agreements are transactions in which the Group sells a financial asset simultaneously agrees to
       repurchase it (or an asset that is substantially the same) at the agreed date and price. The repurchase prices are fixed and
       the Group is still exposed to substantially all risks and rewards of those securities transferred. These financial assets are not
       derecognised from the consolidated financial statements but regarded as “collateral” for the liabilities because the Group
                                                                                                                                                  291
       retain substantially all the risks and rewards of these financial assets. A financial liability is recognised for cash received. In this
       kind of transactions, the recourse of counterparties against the Group is not limited to the transferred financial assets.




                                                                                                                                                  China International Capital Corporation Limited
       The following tables provide a summary of carrying amounts and fair values related to the transferred financial assets that are
       not derecognised in their entirety and the associated liabilities:


                                                                                                   Financial assets
                                                                            Financial assets           measured at
                                                                                measured at                fair value
                                                                                    fair value       through other
                                                                                     through        comprehensive
        As at 31 December 2019                                                profit and loss                income                    Total


        Carrying amount of transferred assets                                 8,704,043,049          3,102,307,869         11,806,350,918
        Carrying amount of associated liabilities                            (7,712,205,571)        (2,696,954,807)       (10,409,160,378)


        Net position                                                            991,837,478            405,353,062          1,397,190,540


                                                                                                     Financial assets
                                                                              Financial assets          measured at
                                                                                 measured at                fair value
                                                                                     fair value       through other
                                                                                      through        comprehensive
        As at 31 December 2018                                                 profit and loss               income                    Total


        Carrying amount of transferred assets                                   5,239,294,683          3,932,174,269          9,171,468,952
        Carrying amount of associated liabilities                              (4,816,202,550)        (3,539,387,554)        (8,355,590,104)


        Net position                                                              423,092,133            392,786,715            815,878,848
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  53. TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (b) Securities lending arrangement
                                                                The Group entered into securities lending agreements with clients under which it lend out its financial assets measured
                                                                at fair value through profit or loss that are secured by clients’ securities and deposits held as collateral. As at 31 December
                                                                2019, it lent out its own equity securities and ETFs classified as financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                of RMB204,977,805 (31 December 2018: RMB161,560). Pursuant to the securities lending agreements, the Group lent its own
292
                                                                securities to clients. In view of this, the Group determined that it retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of
                                                                these securities and therefore did not derecognise these securities in the consolidated financial statements.




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                         (c) Asset securitisation of receivable from margin clients
                                                                The transfer of financial assets in relation to receivable from margin clients used as underlying assets for the securitisation of
                                                                receivable from margin clients was disclosed in Note 32 (a).


                                                  54. RELATED PARTY RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS
                                                         (a) The largest shareholder of the Company – Huijin
                                                                As at 31 December 2019, Huijin owned 44.38% of the equity interest of the Company (31 December 2018: 55.75%) directly
                                                                and indirectly.


                                                                On 6 June 2018, Huijin and Haier Group (Qingdao) Financial Holdings Ltd. (“Haier”) entered into a share transfer agreement,
                                                                and agreed to sell Huijin’s 398,500,000 domestic shares in the Company (representing approximately 9.51% of the total share
                                                                capital of the Company) (the “Share Transfer”) to Haier. After obtaining the approval from the CSRC, the Share Transfer was
                                                                completed on 11 March 2019, and on completion of the Share Transfer, Huijin directly holds 1,936,155,680 domestic shares
                                                                in the Company.


                                                                In October 2019, the Company issued 176,000,000 new H shares. After the completion of the issuance, the registered capital
                                                                and share capital of the Company increased to RMB4,368,667,868 (see Note 49(a)). Accordingly, the equity interest held
                                                                directly by Huijin decreased to 44.32%.


                                                                (i)    Related party transactions with Huijin and Huijin’s affiliates
                                                                       Huijin does not engage in other business activities, and does not intervene in the day-to-day business operations of
                                                                       the key state-owned financial institutions it controls.


                                                                       The Group enters into transactions with Central Huijin and its related parties in the ordinary course of business under
                                                                       normal commercial terms. Corresponding transactions and balances with these banks and financial institutions were
                                                                       as follows:
54. RELATED PARTY RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS (continued)


                                                                                                                                                    2019 Annual Report
   (a) The largest shareholder of the Company – Huijin (continued)
       (i)    Related party transactions with Huijin and Huijin’s affiliates (continued)
                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                               2019             2018

               Brokerage commission income                                                                6,034,143                7,153,139        293
               Underwriting and sponsoring fees                                                          73,646,600               88,597,460
               Asset management fees                                                                     66,875,255               54,368,753
               Investment advisory fees                                                                     462,508                  385,997




                                                                                                                                                    China International Capital Corporation Limited
               Interest income                                                                          615,378,578              469,991,899
               Net gains from financial instruments at
                  fair value through profit or loss                                                     108,331,023                66,578,531
               Net gains/(losses) from derivative financial instruments                                  28,398,742               (56,335,681)
               Other income, net                                                                            988,174                   987,188
               Brokerage commission expenses                                                              8,831,438                10,338,698
               Underwriting and sponsoring expenses                                                       5,683,333                         –
               Asset management expenses                                                                 32,066,815                21,378,082
               Interest expenses                                                                        446,616,865              324,869,059
               Other operating expenses and costs                                                        30,515,219               23,183,259


       (ii)   The balances of transactions with Huijin and Huijin’s affiliates
                                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                                2019                     2018

               Accounts receivable                                                                      94,564,564                91,196,197
               Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                       760,381,815             1,814,745,590
               Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                 3,211,657,414             3,630,613,585
               Refundable deposits                                                                       2,618,691                 2,610,741
               Derivative financial assets                                                              71,099,866                62,410,098
               Cash and bank balances (Note 1)                                                      35,688,717,007            23,429,692,588
               Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                                        –                70,691,740
               Derivative financial liabilities                                                         26,301,154                30,283,701
               Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                                     8,026,660                36,381,485
               Placements from financial institutions                                                5,563,531,463             1,632,518,860
               Short-term debt securities issued                                                                 –             3,711,245,342
               REPOs                                                                                             –             8,600,310,768
               Long-term debt securities issued                                                      2,534,768,818             2,866,640,788
               Other current liabilities                                                                65,755,852                10,231,377

              Note 1:   The cash and bank balances deposited with Huijin and Huijin’s affiliates include self-owned cash and bank balances and
                        cash held on behalf of brokerage clients.
              Note 2:   As at 31 December 2019, besides of the transactions disclosed above, the interests held by Huijin and Huijin’s affiliates
                        in the segregated asset management schemes managed by the Group amounted to RMB13,232,176,702 (31 December
                        2018: RMB8,300,572,227).
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  54. RELATED PARTY RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (b) Related party transactions with key management personnel
                                                                The key management personnel are those who have the authority and responsibility to plan, direct and control directly or
                                                                indirectly, the activities of the Group, including members of the Board of Directors and the supervisory board, and other
                                                                senior executives.

294
                                                                Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group, including amounts paid to the Company’s directors and
                                                                supervisors, is as follows:




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                             2019                 2018


                                                                  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                             34,073,214        32,974,490
                                                                  Discretionary bonuses (Note)                                                                     154,932,422           215,376,076
                                                                  Retirement scheme contributions                                                                         943,999              962,818


                                                                  Total                                                                                            189,949,635           249,313,384


                                                                Note:      Total remuneration of key management personnel is included in “staff costs” (see Note 12).

                                                         (c) Related party transactions with other shareholders
                                                                (i)     Related party transactions with other shareholders
                                                                                                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                             2019                 2018


                                                                          Brokerage commission income                                                                      57,502             1,207,877
                                                                          Underwriting and sponsoring fees                                                               5,127,236                   –
                                                                          Asset management fees                                                                         19,248,432            9,826,489
                                                                          Interest expenses                                                                               213,023               93,868


                                                                (ii)    The balances of transactions with other shareholders
                                                                                                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                             2019                 2018


                                                                          Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                                           579,180         55,784,014
54. RELATED PARTY RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS (continued)


                                                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report
   (d) Related party transactions with the Group’s associates and joint ventures
         (i)    Related party transactions with associates and joint ventures and their affiliates
                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                          2019                  2018
                                                                                                                                          295
                 Asset management fees                                                              11,439,457            11,017,159
                 Brokerage commission income                                                         9,904,144             3,912,067




                                                                                                                                          China International Capital Corporation Limited
                 Investment advisory fees                                                           29,498,298             8,692,166
                 Interest income                                                                    13,217,503            10,351,481
                 Asset management expenses                                                              82,731               859,695
                 Interest expenses                                                                      27,435                  5,492
                 Other operating expenses and costs                                                           –           29,403,611
                 Impairment losses under expected credit loss model                                           –              102,000


         (ii)   The balances of transactions with associates and joint ventures and their affiliates
                                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                                          2019                  2018


                 Accounts receivable                                                                16,226,219             4,361,017
                 Other non-current assets                                                         310,264,313            281,433,457
                 Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                                     892             6,085,987
                 Other current liabilities                                                             664,792               902,381


   (e) Applicability of the Listing Rules relating to connected transactions
         The related party transactions above do not constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions as
         defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The disclosures required by Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are provided in the
         Directors’ Reports.


   (f)   Directors’ and supervisors’ interests in contracts and service contracts
         At any time during the year, none of the Group’s directors or supervisors had any interest, whether directly or indirectly, in
         any contract (excluding service contracts) of significance in relation to the Company’s business to which the Company, or its
         associated companies, is a party. None of the directors and supervisors has entered into a service contract with the Company
         that cannot be terminated by the Company within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory
         compensation).
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  55. SEGMENT REPORTING


2019 Annual Report
                                                         Reportable segments are identified based on operating segments which are determined based on the structure of the Group’s
                                                         internal organisation, management requirements and internal reporting system. An operating segment is a component of the
                                                         Group:


                                                         –      that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses;
296
                                                         –      whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the Group’s management for the purposes of resources allocation and
                                                                performance evaluation; and




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                         –      for which financial statements regarding financial position, results of operations and cash flows are available.


                                                         Two or more operating segments may be aggregated into a single operating segment if the segments have similar economic
                                                         characteristics in respect of:


                                                         –      the nature of services;


                                                         –      the type or class of customers for the services;


                                                         –      the methods used to provide the services; and


                                                         –      the nature of the regulatory environment.


                                                         For management purposes, the Group’s operating businesses are structured and managed separately according to the nature
                                                         of their operations and the services they provide. Each of the Group’s operating segments represents a strategic business unit
                                                         that offers services which are subject to risks and returns that are different from the other operating segments. A summary of the
                                                         operating segments is as follows:


                                                         –      the Investment Banking segment provides investment banking services, including equity financing, debt and structured
                                                                financing and financial advisory services as well as the National Equities Exchange and Quotations (“NEEQ”) services, to
                                                                domestic and overseas clients.


                                                         –      the Equities segment provides a wide range of equity sales and trading services, including brokerage services and
                                                                capital-based intermediary services, and product services, to institutional investors, including financial institutions,
                                                                corporations and governmental entities, and other investors.


                                                         –      the FICC segment engages in trading of financial products, including fixed-income, equities, currencies and commodities
                                                                products, using the Group’s own capital, as well as for clients facilitation purposes. It also provides product structuring, fixed
                                                                income distribution and futures brokerage services.
55. SEGMENT REPORTING (continued)


                                                                                                                                              2019 Annual Report
   –     the Investment Management segment designs and provides a wide range of asset management products and services for
         domestic and overseas investors. It also manages mutual funds, private equity funds as well as funds of funds.


   –     the Wealth Management segment provides a wide range of wealth management products and services, consisting of
         brokerage services, advisory services, transactional services, capital-based intermediary services and product services, to retail
         clients, high-net-worth individuals, family offices and corporate clients.                                                           297


   –     the Others segment mainly comprises of other business departments and back offices.




                                                                                                                                              China International Capital Corporation Limited
   The Company acquired 100% equity interests in CICC Wealth Management in March 2017. As at 31 December 2018, the
   restructuring and integration work was still in progress. Thus, CICC Wealth Management was managed and presented as a separate
   segment in the annual report for the year ended 31 December 2018. As at 31 December 2019, with greater progress achieved in
   the integration, existing business lines of CICC Wealth Management were divided and presented in relevant operating segments
   according to the nature of the business activities for the purpose of segment reporting. The comparative data is also restated.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  55. SEGMENT REPORTING (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (a) Segment results
                                                                                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                                                     Investment                                              Investment               Wealth
                                                                                                                        banking            Equities              FICC      management        management                 Others               Total

298
                                                                  Segment revenue
                                                                    – Fee and commission income                   3,359,717,441       1,668,903,374       948,341,187      1,785,897,483     2,934,500,779          35,692,000      10,733,052,264
                                                                    – Interest income                                34,876,803        341,779,304       1,285,722,809       10,009,017      2,685,329,019         442,471,101       4,800,188,053




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                    – Investment income                             461,357,069       2,025,898,545      3,349,179,348      216,970,545           (68,630,207)     973,867,500       6,958,642,800
                                                                    – Other income, net                               9,221,157          64,473,711         80,059,019       55,020,169           21,620,814        60,232,566        290,627,436


                                                                  Segment revenue and other income                3,865,172,470       4,101,054,934      5,663,302,363     2,067,897,214     5,572,820,405        1,512,263,167     22,782,510,553
                                                                  Segment expenses                                (2,536,868,971)    (1,786,658,142)    (3,804,917,409)   (1,310,409,178)   (4,506,764,356)      (3,595,663,896)   (17,541,281,952)


                                                                  Segment operating profit/(loss)                 1,328,303,499       2,314,396,792      1,858,384,954      757,488,036      1,066,056,049       (2,083,400,729)     5,241,228,601


                                                                  Share of profits of associates and
                                                                    joint ventures                                            –                  –                  –        70,833,458            (6,579,451)       (3,850,926)        60,403,081


                                                                  Profit/(loss) before income tax                 1,328,303,499       2,314,396,792      1,858,384,954      828,321,494      1,059,476,598       (2,087,251,655)     5,301,631,682


                                                                  Segment assets                                  7,410,811,403     103,219,733,870    111,968,447,320     9,194,996,817    76,667,496,771       35,419,811,002    343,881,297,183


                                                                  Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                                                1,089,945,732


                                                                  Group’s total assets                                                                                                                                             344,971,242,915


                                                                  Segment liabilities                             8,482,236,380     101,754,005,043     88,719,663,470     3,248,125,075    65,375,736,530       28,498,551,805    296,078,318,303


                                                                  Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                            361,389,177


                                                                  Group’s total liabilities                                                                                                                                        296,439,707,480


                                                                  Other segment information
                                                                    (Amounts included in the measure of
                                                                    segment profit or loss):
                                                                  Interest expenses (Note)                         (146,593,348)       (622,726,889)    (3,044,975,052)     (114,931,133)   (1,656,099,267)        (310,187,730)    (5,895,513,419)
                                                                  Depreciation and amortisation expenses            (90,011,343)        (55,197,953)       (45,234,758)      (96,085,163)        (327,437,262)     (299,268,933)      (913,235,412)
                                                                  (Provision for)/reversal of impairment losses
                                                                    under expected credit loss model                (71,170,593)        (24,419,090)         4,181,171       (40,759,310)          (9,604,909)      (17,825,100)      (159,597,831)
55. SEGMENT REPORTING (continued)


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report
   (a) Segment results (continued)
                                                                                                                      Year ended 31 December 2018 (Restated)
                                                    Investment                                                                        Investment              Wealth
                                                       banking                        Equities                          FICC        management           management                                             Others                           Total


         Segment revenue                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               299

           – Fee and commission income            2,669,366,307                  1,599,731,738                    491,019,082                1,655,157,627                  2,353,847,983                   51,281,479                   8,820,404,216
           – Interest income                         11,994,262                    257,265,107                  1,061,561,894                   24,926,545                  2,767,264,566                  463,912,938                   4,586,925,312




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited
           – Investment income                      284,821,153                    671,915,446                  2,731,082,281                  151,727,275                    238,125,408                  463,394,873                   4,541,066,436
           – Other income, net                       24,211,442 2,990,393,164
                                                                                   209,194,5502,738,106,841
                                                                                                                  107,972,9094,391,636,166
                                                                                                                                                46,912,313 1,878,723,760
                                                                                                                                                                               50,172,1735,409,410,131
                                                                                                                                                                                                           152,794,509 1,131,383,798
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           591,257,89618,539,653,860




         Segment revenue and other income          2,990,393,164                 2,738,106,841                  4,391,636,166                 1,878,723,760                 5,409,410,130                 1,131,383,799                 18,539,653,860
         Segment expenses                         (2,005,632,132)               (1,510,311,728)                (3,085,978,119)               (1,119,193,156)               (4,303,916,503)               (2,245,838,553)               (14,270,870,191)


         Segment operating profit/(loss)            984,761,032                  1,227,795,113                  1,305,658,047                  759,530,604                  1,105,493,627                (1,114,454,754)                 4,268,783,669


         Share of profits of associates and
           joint ventures                                     –                             –                              –                    44,146,439                    98,816,965                    (24,398,720)                  118,564,684


         Profit/(loss) before income tax            984,761,032                  1,227,795,113                  1,305,658,047                  803,677,043                  1,204,310,592                (1,138,853,474)                 4,387,348,353


         Segment assets                           3,237,034,621                 57,293,345,470                106,628,634,182                6,676,208,319                 63,802,308,815                36,626,011,218                274,263,542,625


         Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                                                                                                             1,156,997,727


         Group’s total assets                                                                                                                                                                                                          275,420,540,352


         Segment liabilities                      3,289,677,188                 56,379,625,859                 89,096,364,236                2,727,584,784                 49,358,177,091                31,921,508,523                232,772,937,681


         Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                                                                                         270,866,094


         Group’s total liabilities                                                                                                                                                                                                     233,043,803,775


         Other segment information
            (Amounts included in the measure of
            segment profit or loss):
         Interest expenses (Note)                  (115,189,408)                  (511,363,164)                (2,508,550,160)                 (83,803,758)                (1,754,985,632)                  103,007,108                 (4,870,885,014)
         Depreciation and amortisation expenses     (12,069,097)                   (14,860,425)                    (9,620,939)                 (17,805,660)                  (121,538,815)                 (126,007,662)                  (301,902,598)
         Impairment losses under expected
            credit loss model                            (31,102)                   (9,243,240)                    (7,520,995)                   (9,959,131)                  (45,841,659)                   (1,580,041)                   (74,176,168)

       Note: The Group allocates interest expenses across the reportable segments according to the capital used during the reporting periods for
             the purpose of measuring segment operating performance and improving the efficiencies of capital management.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  55. SEGMENT REPORTING (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (b) Geographical information
                                                                The following table sets out the Group’s revenue and other income from external clients and the Group’s non-current assets
                                                                (excluding financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, deferred tax assets and reverse REPOs, same as below) in terms
                                                                of geographical locations. The geographical locations of the revenue and other income from external clients are identified
                                                                based on the locations of the clients to whom the services are rendered or the products are purchased. The geographical
300
                                                                locations of the non-current assets are identified based on the locations where the property and equipment are located in or
                                                                the intangible assets are allocated or the associates and joint ventures operate.




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                                                       Revenues and other income from
                                                                                                                                                               external customers
                                                                                                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                   2019                  2018


                                                                  Mainland China                                                                       17,540,324,418          14,987,255,047
                                                                  Outside Mainland China                                                                 5,242,186,135          3,552,398,813


                                                                  Total                                                                                22,782,510,553          18,539,653,860


                                                                                                                                                               Non-current assets
                                                                                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                   2019                  2018


                                                                  Mainland China                                                                       10,431,470,733           7,783,209,546
                                                                  Outside Mainland China                                                                 3,755,494,473          1,239,100,760


                                                                  Total                                                                                14,186,965,206           9,022,310,306


                                                                Reconciliation of segment non-current assets:


                                                                                                                                                               Non-current assets
                                                                                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                   2019                  2018


                                                                  Total non-current assets for segments                                                34,625,309,318          28,561,549,980
                                                                  Elimination of inter-segment non-current assets                                      (20,438,344,112)       (19,539,239,674)


                                                                  Total                                                                                14,186,965,206           9,022,310,306


                                                         (c) Major clients
                                                                The Group’s customer base was diversified and no customer had transactions which exceeded 10% of the Group’s revenue
                                                                for the years of 2019 and 2018.
56. FAIR VALUE INFORMATION


                                                                                                                                               2019 Annual Report
   The Group adopts the following methods and assumptions when evaluating fair values:


   (i)     Financial assets including cash and bank balances, cash held on behalf of brokerage clients and reverse REPOs and financial
           liabilities including short-term placements from financial institutions and REPOs, are mainly instruments with floating interest
           rates or short-term financing. Accordingly, the carrying amounts approximate their fair values.
                                                                                                                                               301
   (ii)    Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss or through other comprehensive income and derivatives are stated
           at fair value unless the fair values cannot be reliably measured. For financial instruments traded in active markets, the Group




                                                                                                                                               China International Capital Corporation Limited
           uses Stock exchanges prices as the best estimate for their fair values. For financial instruments without any market price, the
           Group determines their fair values using discounted cash flows or other valuation techniques.


   (iii)   The fair values of short-term and long-term debt securities issued are determined with reference to the available market
           prices or quotes from brokers or agents. If there is no quoted market price in an active market, the Group refers to the yield
           of financial instruments with similar characteristics such as similar credit risk and maturity, to estimate the fair values using
           discounted cash flows or other valuation techniques. The fair values of long-term debt securities issued are disclosed in Note
           45. The carrying amounts of short-term debt securities issued approximate their fair values.


   (iv)    Accounts receivable and accounts payable to brokerage clients are due mainly within one year. Accordingly, the carrying
           amounts approximate their fair values.


   (a) Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
           The Group measures fair values using the following fair value hierarchy that reflects the significance of the inputs used in
           making the measurements:


           •     Level I valuations:   Fair value measured using only Level I inputs, i.e. unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for
                                       identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date.


           •     Level II valuations: Fair value measured using Level II inputs, i.e. observable inputs which fail to meet Level I, and not
                                       using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are
                                       not available.


           •     Level III valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs.


           If there is a reliable market quote for a financial instrument, the fair value of the financial instrument is based on quoted
           market price. If a reliable quoted market price is not available, the fair value of the financial instrument is estimated using
           valuation techniques. For the fair value of financial instruments measured at Level II, the valuation techniques applied include
           discounted cash flow analysis and option pricing models. The significant observable inputs used in valuation techniques
           include future cash flows estimated based on contractual terms, risk-free and benchmark interest rates, credit spreads and
           foreign exchange rates etc. For the fair value of financial instruments measured at Level III, the main valuation techniques
           and significant unobservable inputs are disclosed in Note 56(a)(ii).
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  56. FAIR VALUE INFORMATION (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (a) Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)
                                                                The table below analyses financial instruments measured at fair value at the end of the year, by the level in the fair value
                                                                hierarchy into which the fair value measurement is categorised:


                                                                                                                                         As at 31 December 2019
302
                                                                                                                            Level I          Level II          Level III            Total


                                                                  Assets




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                  Financial assets at fair value
                                                                    through profit or loss
                                                                    – Equity securities                             64,404,093,954      757,142,771     4,528,289,761 69,689,526,486
                                                                    – Debt securities                                2,579,599,611 73,222,018,204         329,221,497 76,130,839,312
                                                                    – Funds and other investments                    2,467,332,952 19,904,195,371                     – 22,371,528,323
                                                                  Derivative financial assets                          86,093,900     4,416,110,358                   –    4,502,204,258
                                                                  Financial assets at fair value through
                                                                    other comprehensive income
                                                                    – Debt securities                                             – 28,985,823,339                    – 28,985,823,339


                                                                  Total                                             69,537,120,417 127,285,290,043      4,857,511,258 201,679,921,718


                                                                  Liabilities
                                                                  Financial liabilities at fair value
                                                                    through profit or loss
                                                                    Financial liabilities held for trading
                                                                          – Equity securities                       (3,067,219,649)                –                  –    (3,067,219,649)
                                                                          – Debt securities                                       –    (833,356,562)                  –     (833,356,562)
                                                                          – Funds and others                           (33,307,915)                –                  –      (33,307,915)
                                                                    Financial liabilities designated
                                                                          as at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                          – Equity securities                                     – (20,673,051,510)                  – (20,673,051,510)
                                                                          – Debt securities                                       –   (1,963,383,218)                 –    (1,963,383,218)
                                                                  Derivatives financial liabilities                    (43,120,510) (6,319,071,491)                   –    (6,362,192,001)


                                                                  Total                                             (3,143,648,074) (29,788,862,781)                  – (32,932,510,855)
56. FAIR VALUE INFORMATION (continued)


                                                                                                                                    2019 Annual Report
   (a) Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)
                                                                                 As at 31 December 2018
                                                                  Level I            Level II        Level III             Total


         Assets
                                                                                                                                    303
         Financial assets at fair value
           through profit or loss
           – Equity securities                             24,143,024,726       255,859,816     2,794,023,378     27,192,907,920




                                                                                                                                    China International Capital Corporation Limited
           – Debt investments                               2,012,856,578     65,830,951,432      39,271,308      67,883,079,318
           – Funds and other investments                    5,264,173,874     14,444,742,017                –     19,708,915,891
         Derivative financial assets                          47,838,598       5,481,697,550                –      5,529,536,148
         Financial assets at fair value through
           other comprehensive income
           – Debt securities                                  99,554,989      35,600,110,888                –     35,699,665,877


         Total                                             31,567,448,765    121,613,361,703    2,833,294,686    156,014,105,154


         Liabilities
         Financial liabilities at fair value
           through profit or loss
           Financial liabilities held for trading
                 – Equity investments                      (3,324,980,886)              (253)               –     (3,324,981,139)
                 – Debt investments                                     –       (918,861,787)               –       (918,861,787)
           Financial liabilities designated
                 as at fair value through profit or loss
                 – Equity investments                                   –     (8,773,289,241)               –     (8,773,289,241)
                 – Debt investments                                     –     (2,077,116,104)               –     (2,077,116,104)
         Derivative financial liabilities                     (48,208,043)    (3,333,001,826)               –     (3,381,209,869)


         Total                                             (3,373,188,929)   (15,102,269,211)               –    (18,475,458,140)
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  56. FAIR VALUE INFORMATION (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (a) Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)
                                                                (i)    Transfer between levels
                                                                       The Group’s investment in certain suspended stocks were transferred from Level I to Level II as the quoted prices of
                                                                       these stocks were no longer regularly available:
304
                                                                                                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                        2019                    2018




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                         Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                   11,254,310                7,027,045


                                                                       As of 31 December 2019, the Group’s equity securities of RMB249 million (31 December 2018: RMB226 million) were
                                                                       transferred from Level I or II to Level III, as the fair values of these investments were determined with the use of
                                                                       valuation techniques instead of quoted prices, due to events such as delisting.


                                                                       As of 31 December 2019, the Group’s debt securities of RMB121 million (31 December 2018: RMB36 million) were
                                                                       transferred from Level II to Level III, as the fair values of these investments were determined with the use of valuation
                                                                       techniques instead of quoted prices, due to the credit risk in existence.


                                                                       As of 31 December 2019, the Group’s equity securities of RMB208 million (31 December 2018: nil) were transferred out
                                                                       of Level III to Level I or II, as the fair values of these investments were determined with quoted prices instead of the use
                                                                       of valuation techniques, due to events such as listing or re-listing.


                                                                       Apart from the transfer above, for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018, there was no other significant transfer
                                                                       among Level I, Level II and Level III of the fair value hierarchy for the Group’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value.
                                                                       The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers between levels of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period
                                                                       in which they occur.


                                                                       There is no significant change for the Group’s applied fair value valuation techniques in 2019.
56. FAIR VALUE INFORMATION (continued)


                                                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report
   (a) Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)
       (ii)   Information about Level III fair value measurements
              As at 31 December 2019 and 2018, it is estimated that the sensitivity of the Group’s profit or loss and other
              comprehensive income to the fluctuation of parameters used in Level III fair value measurements is not significant.
                                                                                                                                       305
              The following table shows a reconciliation from the beginning balances to the ending balances for fair value
              measurement in Level III of the fair value hierarchy:




                                                                                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                Financial assets at
                                                                                                                fair value through
                                                                                                                      profit or loss


               As at 1 January 2019                                                                                 2,833,294,686


               Gains for the year                                                                                      24,059,784
               Purchases                                                                                            2,247,281,576
               Sales and settlements                                                                                 (408,734,066)
               Transfer into Level III                                                                                369,770,128
               Transfer out of Level III                                                                             (208,160,850)


               As at 31 December 2019                                                                               4,857,511,258


               Total gains for the year included in profit or loss for assets held at the end of the year              21,235,787
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  56. FAIR VALUE INFORMATION (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (a) Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)
                                                                (ii)   Information about Level III fair value measurements (continued)
                                                                                                                                                           Financial assets at
                                                                                                                                                           fair value through     Available-for-sale
306                                                                                                                                                             profit or loss       financial assets


                                                                         As at 31 December 2017                                                                1,017,927,637          1,231,998,246




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                         Adjustment for initial application of IFRS 9                                          1,231,998,246          (1,231,998,246)


                                                                         As at 1 January 2018                                                                  2,249,925,883                         –


                                                                         Gains for the year                                                                      185,690,947                         –
                                                                         Purchases                                                                             1,271,664,155                         –
                                                                         Sales and settlements                                                                 (1,136,817,007)                       –
                                                                         Transfer into Level III                                                                 262,830,708                         –


                                                                         As at 31 December 2018                                                                2,833,294,686                         –


                                                                         Total gains for the year included in profit or loss for assets
                                                                            held at the end of the year                                                             85,391,025                       –


                                                                       For financial instruments in Level III, prices are determined using valuation methods such as discounted cash flow
                                                                       models and comparable company methods, etc. Determinations to classify fair value measures within Level III of
                                                                       the valuation hierarchy are generally based on the significance of the unobservable inputs to the overall fair value
                                                                       measurement. The following table presents the related valuation techniques and inputs of the major financial
                                                                       instruments in Level III.


                                                                                                                        Valuation            Significant                Relationship of
                                                                                                      Fair value        technique(s)         unobservable               unobservable
                                                                         Financial instruments        hierarchy         and key input(s)     input(s)                   input(s) to fair value


                                                                         Unlisted equity securities   Level III         Market comparable    Discount for lack of       The higher the discount,
                                                                                                                          companies            marketability              the lower the fair value


                                                                         Debt securities              Level III         Discounted           Discount rate              The higher the discount,
                                                                                                                          cash flow models                                the lower the fair value
56. FAIR VALUE INFORMATION (continued)


                                                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report
   (b) Fair value of financial assets and liabilities carried at other than fair value
         The fair values of long-term debt securities issued have been determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing
         models based on a discounted cash flow analysis, with the most significant inputs being the discount rate that reflects the
         credit risk of the Group, which are classified as Level II categories and disclosed in Note 45.

                                                                                                                                             307
         Except for the above, the directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial
         liabilities carried at amortised cost in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position approximate their fair values.




                                                                                                                                             China International Capital Corporation Limited
57. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
   The Group monitors and controls key exposures to the credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk from its use of financial instruments.


   (a) Credit risk
         Credit risk refers to the risk resulting from defaults or deterioration in creditworthiness of counterparties, borrowers and
         security issuers.


         The exposure to credit risk of the Group arises mainly from: (1) Credit risk from debtors’ default or bankruptcy, including the
         loss due to intermediary institutions (such as brokers or custodian banks). The risk exposure represents the total value of
         outstanding debts; (2) Credit risk from counterparty’s default on the over-the-counter (“OTC”) derivative transactions (such
         as swaps or forward transactions). The risk exposure is determined by the changes in the market value of the derivatives; (3)
         Credit risk from the defaults or deterioration in creditworthiness of bond issuers.


         At the end of the reporting period, the Group’s maximum credit risk exposure is the net carrying amount of financial assets
         without taking account of any collateral or other credit enhancements.


         Measurement of expected credit losses
         The Group recognises loss allowance for financial assets measured at amortised cost (including receivable from margin
         clients, reverse REPOs, etc.) and debt securities not measured at fair value through profit or loss via ECL model. The
         measurement of the ECL is based on the Probability of Default (“PD”), Loss Given Default (“LGD”) and Exposure at Default
         (“EAD”).
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  57. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (a) Credit risk (continued)
                                                                Measurement of expected credit losses (continued)
                                                                A default is that the client or the financer or issuer of investment products fails to fulfil the contract. PD is an estimate of the
                                                                likelihood of default over a given time horizon. The Group estimates the PD based on its internal rating model, integrating
                                                                factors such as external rating information, macroeconomic environment and changes in quantitative and qualitative
308
                                                                indicators of the counterparties or bonds issuers. LGD is an estimate of the degree of loss made by the Group on the
                                                                exposure at default. In the determination of LGD, the Group makes an estimate of the recoverable cash flow after disposal
                                                                of underlying assets and collaterals by taking their liquidity and relevant historical market data into full consideration, and




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                makes the estimation of LGD based on the difference between the recoverable and the contracted cash flows. EAD is the
                                                                amount that shall be repaid to the Group when a default occurs within a given period of time. When measuring the ECL,
                                                                the Group classifies the assets into different stages based on whether the credit risk of each asset has increased significantly
                                                                since the initial recognition. Accordingly, the Group measures loss allowance on either a 12-month or the lifetime basis for
                                                                the investments in different risk stages.


                                                               Provision method of ECL
                                                                The Group recognises impairment provision of debt securities investment and margin financing business based on ECL.
                                                                For the financial instruments for which the ECL measurement is used, the Group classifies these financial instruments into
                                                                different stages based on whether the credit risk of each instrument has increased significantly since the initial recognition.
                                                                The financial instruments with lower credit risk on the balance sheet date or of which the credit risk has not increased
                                                                significantly since the initial recognition will be included in “Stage 1”; the financial instruments of which the credit risk has
                                                                increased significantly since the initial recognition will be included in “Stage 2”; and the financial instruments that are credit-
                                                                impaired will be transferred into “Stage 3”. The Group measures ECL based on the parameters such as PD, LGD and EAD.


                                                               The criteria of significant increase in credit risk (“SICR”)
                                                                The Group considers a financial instrument experiencing SICR when one or more of the following quantitative and qualitative
                                                                criteria have been met: (1) for debt securities investment business: the latest external or internal ratings of a bond issuers or
                                                                the debt securities per se decline substantially compared with their ratings on the initial recognition, or there are adverse
                                                                changes in business, financial or external conditions, which are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor ‘s
                                                                ability to meet its obligations; or (2) for margin financing business: the performance guarantee ratio is lower than the agreed
                                                                prior-warning line, collaterals are suspended continuously or have adverse changes in its conditions, assets held by the
                                                                debtors have significant deterioration in the qualities, or a debt is approaching its maturity with risk of default.


                                                               Definition criteria of credit-impaired assets
                                                                The Group considers that a financial instrument has been credit-impaired when (1) for debt securities: the bond issuer
                                                                is unable to perform the payment obligations as agreed, has other default bonds or is in a circumstance that can be
                                                                determined as in default, e.g. having significant financial difficulties; (2) for margin financing business: the margin financing
                                                                client violates the business agreement, e.g. the client fails to remargin in a timely manner when the margin ratio is below the
                                                                agreed level, the client fails to fully repay the debt when a margin call is triggered, the margin is unable to be closed out due
                                                                to the suspension of trading of the collaterals, the client fails to fully repay the debt when the contract expires, or the shares
                                                                used as pledge/guarantee shares are frozen by judicial system.
57. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


                                                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report
   (a) Credit risk (continued)
        Measurement of expected credit losses (continued)
        Forward-looking information
        The Group uses reasonable and supportable forward-looking macro information that is available without undue cost or
        effort in its assessment of SICR as well as in its measurement of ECL. The information includes a base-case scenario of future     309
        forecast of relevant economic variables, along with a series of other representative possible forecast scenarios.




                                                                                                                                           China International Capital Corporation Limited
        Debt securities (including debt securities measured at FVTPL and at FVTOCI)
        The Group focuses on decentralising investments for the credit-type fixed income securities investment which are mainly
        high-credit rating products. The Group controls the exposure of the market risk and credit risk by setting investment
        position limit, classifying the sub-investment varieties, sub-credit rating limits and concentration limits. Moreover, the Group
        continuously tracks the bond issuer’s business conditions and credit rating changes through monitoring, pre-warning, risk
        detecting, etc.


        The carrying amounts of the Group’s debt securities are as follows:


                                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                                           2019                  2018


          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                76,130,839,312          67,883,079,318
          Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                    28,985,823,339          35,699,665,877


          Total                                                                               105,116,662,651         103,582,745,195


        (i)    The exposure to credit risk for debt securities at FVTPL and FVTOCI by geographic region was as follows.


                                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                                           2019                  2018


                  Mainland China                                                              104,620,412,929         102,767,059,464
                  Outside Mainland China                                                           496,249,722            815,685,731


                  Total                                                                       105,116,662,651         103,582,745,195
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  57. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (a) Credit risk (continued)
                                                                Debt securities (including debt securities measured at FVTPL and at FVTOCI) (continued)
                                                               (ii)    The following table presents an analysis of the credit quality of debt securities at FVTPL and FVTOCI.


310                                                                                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                 2019                                     2018
                                                                                                                                              FVTOCI                                    FVTOCI
                                                                         Credit rating                                     FVTPL        12-month ECL




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                                                                    FVTPL        12-month ECL


                                                                         Outside Mainland China
                                                                            (by international rating agencies)
                                                                            – AAA                                          13,636                    –          36,965,504                    –
                                                                            – From AA- to AA+                                    –                   –          99,934,168                    –
                                                                            – From A- to A+                        1,351,421,066        1,707,571,481        2,901,571,388        1,868,305,913
                                                                            – Below A-                           12,495,297,861         3,048,454,944        4,731,334,513        2,233,360,115


                                                                         Subtotal                                13,846,732,563         4,756,026,425        7,769,805,573        4,101,666,028


                                                                         Mainland China
                                                                            (by domestic rating agencies)
                                                                            – AAA                                35,190,458,884      23,966,979,878        37,516,910,604        31,052,165,066
                                                                            – From AA- to AA+                      6,177,409,481          61,144,700         8,239,641,768         197,537,883
                                                                            – From A- to A+                        1,016,894,182                     –        609,758,021                     –
                                                                            – Below A-                               281,753,183                     –          47,229,851                    –


                                                                         Subtotal                                42,666,515,730      24,028,124,578        46,413,540,244        31,249,702,949


                                                                         Non-rated I (Note 1)                      1,304,072,061         201,672,336         2,250,168,313         348,296,900
                                                                         Non-rated II (Note 2)                   18,313,518,958                      –     11,449,565,188                     –


                                                                         Total                                   76,130,839,312      28,985,823,339        67,883,079,318        35,699,665,877


                                                                         Allowance for impairment losses                                  (17,043,688)                              (20,151,854)
57. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


                                                                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report
   (a) Credit risk (continued)
        Debt securities (including debt securities measured at FVTPL and at FVTOCI) (continued)
        (ii)   The following table presents an analysis of the credit quality of debt securities at FVTPL and FVTOCI (continued)

               Note 1:     These non-rated financial assets mainly include government bonds, policy financial bonds and Special Drawing Rights
                                                                                                                                                         311
                           (“SDR”) denominated bonds.

               Note 2:     These non-rated financial assets are mainly other debt securities and trading securities which are not rated by independent
                           rating agencies.




                                                                                                                                                         China International Capital Corporation Limited
               The Group did not have any debt securities that were past due but not impaired at 31 December 2019 and 2018.


        (iii) Movement of allowance for impairment losses
               The movement in the allowance for impairment losses in respect of debt investments at FVTOCI during the year was
               as follows.


                                                                                                                     12-month ECL
                                                                                                                      2019                    2018


                  As at 1 January 2019                                                                        20,151,854                13,317,597


                  Changes due to financial instruments recognised as at 1 January 2019:
                  Impairment losses recognised                                                                    323,121                  212,219
                  Impairment losses reversed                                                                   (1,710,316)                (609,550)
                  New financial assets originated or purchased                                                10,215,082                15,955,215
                  Financial assets derecognised (including written-offs)                                      (12,197,036)              (8,827,305)
                  Others                                                                                          260,983                  103,678


                  As at 31 December 2019                                                                      17,043,688                20,151,854


               As at 31 December 2019 and 2018, there was no lifetime ECL on debt investments held by the Group.


        Other non-derivative financial investments (other than debt securities)
        The Group has adopted the following measures to manage credit risk in capital businesses, including margin financing and
        securities lending, stock-based lending transactions and other businesses: approving counterparties, and assigning credit
        ratings and lending limits to counterparties; managing collaterals (haircut rates, liquidity and concentration) and closely
        monitoring margin ratios and/or collateral ratios; and establishing and implementing margin call and mandatory liquidation
        policy.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  57. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (a) Credit risk (continued)
                                                                Other non-derivative financial investments (other than debt investments) (continued)
                                                               (i)     The exposure to credit risk for other financial instruments (other than debt securities) at amortised cost at the reporting
                                                                       date by geographic region was as follows.
312
                                                                                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                     2019                  2018




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                         Mainland China                                                                112,313,223,169            95,518,489,940
                                                                         Outside Mainland China                                                          23,169,562,246           17,501,007,238


                                                                         Total                                                                         135,482,785,415           113,019,497,178


                                                               (ii)    Movement of allowance for impairment losses
                                                                       The movement in the allowance for impairment losses of other financial instruments (other than debt investments) at
                                                                       amortised cost during the year was as follows.


                                                                       (1)    Financial assets held under resale agreements


                                                                                                                                                           2019
                                                                                                                                             Lifetime ECL-           Lifetime
                                                                                                                               12-month          not credit       ECL- credit
                                                                                                                                      ECL         impaired          impaired              Total


                                                                                 As at 1 January 2019                         15,263,462         8,670,861        49,860,126        73,794,449


                                                                                 Changes due to financial instruments
                                                                                   recognised as at 1 January 2019:
                                                                                   – Transfer to credit-impaired                  (74,922)                 –          74,922                   –
                                                                                   – Transfer to lifetime ECL                   (545,763)       10,399,527         (9,853,764)                 –
                                                                                   – Transfer to 12m ECL                       6,391,689        (6,391,689)                  –                 –
                                                                                   – Impairment losses recognised                255,631           431,557         5,964,234          6,651,422
                                                                                   – Impairment losses reversed               (9,537,456)      (10,063,097)       (16,900,270)      (36,500,823)
                                                                                 New financial assets originated
                                                                                   or purchased                                  204,856              1,065                  –         205,921
                                                                                 Financial assets derecognised
                                                                                   (including written-offs)                   (6,126,136)       (2,279,071)        (5,147,622)      (13,552,829)
                                                                                 Others                                                  –                 –                 –                 –


                                                                                 As at 31 December 2019                        5,831,361           769,153        23,997,626        30,598,140
57. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


                                                                                                                                   2019 Annual Report
   (a) Credit risk (continued)
        Other non-derivative financial investments (other than debt investments) (continued)
        (ii)   Movement of allowance for impairment losses (continued)
               (1)   Financial assets held under resale agreements (continued)
                                                                                                                                   313

                                                                                               2018
                                                                                   Lifetime ECL-        Lifetime




                                                                                                                                   China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                     12-month         not credit      ECL- credit
                                                                           ECL         impaired        impaired           Total


                      As at 1 January 2018                          37,233,368                –                –    37,233,368


                      Changes due to financial instruments
                         recognised as at 1 January 2018:
                         – Transfer to credit-impaired              (12,581,378)              –       12,581,378              –
                         – Transfer to lifetime ECL                  (4,289,828)      4,289,828                –              –
                         – Transfer to 12m ECL                                –               –                –              –
                         – Impairment losses recognised              6,751,985        2,409,260       38,968,299    48,129,544
                         – Impairment losses reversed               (13,660,992)       (208,895)      (1,689,551)   (15,559,438)
                      New financial assets originated
                         or purchased                                4,155,054        2,180,668                –     6,335,722
                      Financial assets derecognised
                         (including written-offs)                    (2,344,747)              –                –     (2,344,747)
                      Others                                                  –               –                –              –


                      As at 31 December 2018                        15,263,462        8,670,861       49,860,126    73,794,449
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  57. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (a) Credit risk (continued)
                                                                Other non-derivative financial investments (other than debt investments) (continued)
                                                               (ii)    Movement of allowance for impairment losses (continued)
                                                                       (2)    Receivable from margin clients
314

                                                                                                                                                2019
                                                                                                                                     Lifetime ECL-       Lifetime




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                       12-month         not credit     ECL- credit
                                                                                                                             ECL         impaired       impaired          Total


                                                                                As at 1 January 2019                   23,692,459               –        239,351     23,931,810


                                                                                Changes due to financial instruments
                                                                                   recognised as at 1 January 2019:
                                                                                   – Transfer to credit-impaired       (1,412,419)              –       1,412,419             –
                                                                                   – Transfer to lifetime ECL          (1,002,859)      1,004,027          (1,168)            –
                                                                                   – Transfer to 12m ECL                   7,222                –          (7,222)            –
                                                                                   – Impairment losses recognised       4,193,670         279,472        523,425      4,996,567
                                                                                   – Impairment losses reversed        (7,675,551)       (435,942)       (657,389)   (8,768,882)
                                                                                New financial assets originated
                                                                                   or purchased                         7,128,369         181,547      17,781,333    25,091,249
                                                                                Financial assets derecognised
                                                                                   (including written-offs)            (2,347,955)              –        (198,856)   (2,546,811)
                                                                                Others                                    51,898                –        196,279       248,177


                                                                                As at 31 December 2019                 22,634,834       1,029,104      19,288,172    42,952,110
57. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


                                                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report
   (a) Credit risk (continued)
        Other non-derivative financial investments (other than debt investments) (continued)
        (ii)   Movement of allowance for impairment losses (continued)
               (2)   Receivable from margin clients (continued)
                                                                                                                                 315

                                                                                             2018
                                                                                 Lifetime ECL-        Lifetime




                                                                                                                                 China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                   12-month         not credit      ECL- credit
                                                                         ECL         impaired        impaired           Total


                      As at 1 January 2018                        25,495,024                –                –    25,495,024


                      Changes due to financial instruments
                         recognised as at 1 January 2018:
                        – Transfer to credit-impaired               (261,028)               –          261,028              –
                         – Transfer to lifetime ECL                         –               –                –              –
                         – Transfer to 12m ECL                              –               –                –              –
                         – Impairment losses recognised           13,197,203                –          198,856    13,396,059
                         – Impairment losses reversed             (17,529,843)              –         (220,533)   (17,750,376)
                      New financial assets originated
                         or purchased                              8,062,177                –                –     8,062,177
                      Financial assets derecognised
                         (including written-offs)                  (5,285,096)              –                –     (5,285,096)
                      Others                                          14,022                –                –        14,022


                      As at 31 December 2018                      23,692,459                –          239,351    23,931,810
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  57. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (a) Credit risk (continued)
                                                                Other non-derivative financial investments (other than debt investments) (continued)
                                                               (ii)    Movement of allowance for impairment losses (continued)
                                                                       (3)    Other financial instruments at amortised cost
316

                                                                                                                                                      2019
                                                                                                                                           Lifetime ECL-        Lifetime




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                              12-month        not credit     ECL- credit
                                                                                                                                   ECL         impaired        impaired           Total


                                                                                As at 1 January 2019                          1,101,767      12,970,943      66,732,674      80,805,384


                                                                                Changes due to financial instruments
                                                                                   recognised as at 1 January 2019:
                                                                                   – Transfer to credit-impaired                (12,296)              –          12,296               –
                                                                                   – Transfer to lifetime ECL                         –               –                –              –
                                                                                   – Transfer to 12m ECL                              –               –                –              –
                                                                                   – Impairment losses recognised               94,364          724,363    136,612,022      137,430,749
                                                                                   – Impairment losses reversed                 (43,414)       (288,977)      (1,607,335)    (1,939,726)
                                                                                New financial assets originated
                                                                                   or purchased                                305,128           10,219      57,119,783      57,435,130
                                                                                Financial assets derecognised
                                                                                   (including written-offs)                   (853,819)               –      (13,475,491)   (14,329,310)
                                                                                Others                                            (543)               –       1,700,979       1,700,436


                                                                                As at 31 December 2019                         591,187       13,416,548    247,094,928      261,102,663
57. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


                                                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report
   (a) Credit risk (continued)
        Other non-derivative financial investments (other than debt investments) (continued)
        (ii)   Movement of allowance for impairment losses (continued)
               (3)   Other financial instruments at amortised cost (continued)
                                                                                                                                            317

                                                                                                 2018
                                                                                     Lifetime ECL-          Lifetime




                                                                                                                                            China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                      12-month          not credit       ECL- credit
                                                                             ECL         impaired          impaired                Total


                      As at 1 January 2018                             1,365,605       11,280,789        39,706,408          52,352,802


                      Changes due to financial instruments
                         recognised as at 1 January 2018:
                         – Transfer to credit-impaired                           –               –                 –                   –
                         – Transfer to lifetime ECL                              –               –                 –                   –
                         – Transfer to 12m ECL                                   –               –                 –                   –
                         – Impairment losses recognised                   49,617         1,350,447          247,384           1,647,448
                         – Impairment losses reversed                    (29,640)         339,707       (18,595,446)         (18,285,379)
                      New financial assets originated
                         or purchased                                    843,966                 –       50,970,955          51,814,921
                      Financial assets derecognised
                         (including written-offs)                     (1,127,757)                –        (5,350,883)         (6,478,640)
                      Others                                                 (24)                –         (245,744)           (245,768)


                      As at 31 December 2018                           1,101,767       12,970,943        66,732,674          80,805,384


                     Other financial instruments at amortised cost mainly include accounts receivables, other receivables and
                     deposits with banks.


        Derivatives
        Regarding the counterparty credit risk of the OTC derivatives business, the Group has established a counterparty credit
        rating system. Through a combination of qualitative and quantitative methods, it comprehensively evaluates counterparty
        qualifications and assigns corresponding credit ratings accordingly. On the basis of credit ratings, the Group sets credit
        risk exposure limits for counterparties, and manage counterparty credit risk by signing OTC derivatives trading master
        agreements and performance guarantee agreements, and requiring performance guarantees. The Group calculates the
        minimum amount required as OTC counterparty’s performance collateral and credit risk exposure through the establishment
        of a dynamic scenario combined with stress test, and performs daily measurement and monitoring through the system. In
        view of this, the Group maintains the credit risk exposure of derivatives transactions within an acceptable range.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  57. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (b) Liquidity risk
                                                                Liquidity risk refers to the risks arising from the Group’s inability to obtain sufficient funds in a timely manner or inability to
                                                                obtain sufficient funds at reasonable costs in a timely manner to respond to asset growth, settle debts due and satisfy the
                                                                funding needs in conducting normal business operations.

318
                                                                The Group implements vertical and centralised management on liquidity risks of all domestic and overseas branches and
                                                                subsidiaries. The Group has adopted the following measures to manage liquidity risk: closely monitoring balance sheets
                                                                of over the Group and its branches and subsidiaries, and managing liquidity gaps between assets and liabilities; setting




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                liquidity risk limits based on over the Group’s overall situation and regulatory requirement; conducting cash flow forecast
                                                                and liquidity risk stress test on liquidity risk indicators on a regular and irregular basis to analyse and assess our liquidity risk
                                                                exposure; maintaining adequate high-quality liquid assets and establishing liquidity contingency plan for potential liquidity
                                                                emergencies.


                                                                The following tables show the undiscounted contractual cash flows of the Group’s non-derivative and derivative financial
                                                                liabilities (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on rates prevailing at the end of
                                                                the year), categorised by their remaining contractual maturities at the end of the year calculated based on the earliest date
                                                                the Group can be required to pay:


                                                                                                                                                         As at 31 December 2019
                                                                                                                       Overdue/           Within
                                                                                                                      repayable            1 year        1 – 5 years      More than
                                                                                                                     on demand         (inclusive)       (inclusive)         5 years   Undated            Total


                                                                  Financial liabilities
                                                                    Accounts payable to brokerage clients         48,337,872,171                –                 –               –          –   48,337,872,171
                                                                    Placements from financial institutions                    –    24,336,819,054                 –               –          –   24,336,819,054
                                                                    Financial liabilities at fair value through
                                                                          profit or loss                                      –    26,362,724,129      207,594,725                –          –   26,570,318,854
                                                                    Derivative financial liabilities                          –     6,096,910,786      265,278,058            3,157          –    6,362,192,001
                                                                    REPOs                                                     –    24,713,038,178                 –               –          –   24,713,038,178
                                                                    Short-term debt securities issued                         –    20,788,452,951      689,966,100                –          –   21,478,419,051
                                                                    Long-term debt securities issued                          –    24,639,949,705    61,089,800,034               –          –   85,729,749,739
                                                                    Lease liabilities                                         –      542,975,636       953,370,780       90,777,171          –    1,587,123,587
                                                                    Others                                        32,768,536,091   23,409,982,773       15,941,337                –          –   56,194,460,201


                                                                  Total                                           81,106,408,262 150,890,853,212     63,221,951,034      90,780,328          – 295,309,992,836
57. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


                                                                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report
   (b) Liquidity risk (continued)
                                                                                                   As at 31 December 2018
                                                                Overdue/            Within
                                                                repayable            1 year       1 – 5 years      More than
                                                              on demand          (inclusive)       (inclusive)        5 years   Undated            Total
                                                                                                                                                           319

         Financial liabilities
              Accounts payable to brokerage clients         41,317,904,126                –                 –               –         –   41,317,904,126




                                                                                                                                                           China International Capital Corporation Limited
              Placements from financial institutions                    –     8,591,559,485                 –               –        –     8,591,559,485
              Financial liabilities at fair value through
                 profit or loss                                         –    15,049,758,338       44,808,403                –        –    15,094,566,741
              Derivative financial liabilities                          –     3,062,579,714      318,630,155                –        –     3,381,209,869
              REPOs                                                     –    48,686,137,097                 –               –        –    48,686,137,097
              Short-term debt securities issued                         –    14,165,161,144                 –               –        –    14,165,161,144
              Long-term debt securities issued                          –    11,497,880,773    55,995,798,248    108,000,000         –    67,601,679,021
              Others                                        17,226,832,604   13,763,796,404     2,006,604,838       1,816,097        –    32,999,049,943


         Total                                              58,544,736,730 114,816,872,955     58,365,841,644    109,816,097          – 231,837,267,426


   (c) Market risk
        Market risk is the risk of loss in the Group’s income and value of financial instruments held arising from the adverse market
        movements such as changes in interest rates, stock prices, foreign exchange rates and etc. The objective of market risk
        management is to monitor and control the market risk within the acceptable range and to maximise the risk adjusted return.
        Stress testing is conducted regularly, and the risk control and operating indicators in a variety of scenarios are calculated. The
        Group monitors the market risk for investment portfolios and non-trading portfolios separately.


        (i)       Market risk of investment portfolios
                  Investment portfolio includes financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets at fair value through
                  other comprehensive income, derivative financial assets, financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, derivative
                  financial liabilities. The risk exposures are measured and monitored in terms of principal, stop loss limit and etc., and
                  are maintained within the limits set up by management. The Group adopts various kinds of methodologies (such as
                  Value-at-Risk (“VaR”), sensitivity limit, investment concentration limit, scenario analysis, stress test, and etc.) to manage
                  market risk. The VaR analysis is a major tool used by the Group to measure and monitor market risk of the investment
                  portfolios.


                  VaR is a technique which estimates the potential losses that could occur on risk positions taken, due to the adverse
                  market movements, such as interest rates, stock prices, foreign exchange rates and so on over a specified time horizon
                  and at a given level of confidence. The independent risk management personnel of the Group computes VaR by using
                  a historical simulation method and implements relevant control of market risk. The historical simulation method is
                  used to simulate future profit or loss based on the historical fluctuation of the key market risk factors and the sensitivity
                  of current investment portfolio in respect of such risk factors.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  57. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (c) Market risk (continued)
                                                                (i)    Market risk of investment portfolios (continued)
                                                                       The Group has adopted the historical simulation method and set 95% as its confidence level to compute its daily VaR
                                                                       based on historical data of the previous three years, i.e. there is 95% chance that the expected loss based on historical
320                                                                    data will not exceed the VaR value regarding the Group’s investment portfolio. Although VaR is an important tool for
                                                                       measuring market risk, the assumptions on which the model is based do give rise to some limitations, including the
                                                                       following:




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                       –         When there is severe market illiquidity for a prolonged period, the realisable value of the Group’s investment
                                                                                 portfolio in a trade day may vary from the expected value due to a 1-day time horizon for VaR;


                                                                       –         The assigned confidence level of 95% does not reflect losses that may occur beyond this level. Even within the
                                                                                 model used there is a probability of 5% that losses could exceed the VaR;


                                                                       –         VaR is calculated on an end-of-day basis and does not reflect intraday exposures; and


                                                                       –         The use of historical data as a basis for determining the possible distribution of future outcomes may not
                                                                                 always cover all possible scenarios, especially those of an exceptional nature.


                                                                       The following tables set forth the Group computed VaRs by risk categories as of the dates and for the years of 2019
                                                                       and 2018 respectively:


                                                                                                                                   As at 31
                                                                                                                                December           For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                                                                      2019          Average           Highest         Lowest


                                                                           Equity prices                                        30,936,433       27,295,314        63,327,778      8,266,060
                                                                           Interest rates                                       36,577,675       53,170,545        63,897,038     35,413,961
                                                                           Currency rates                                       33,886,625       31,963,024        43,034,370     10,516,056
                                                                           Commodity prices                                      3,833,248         1,392,051        6,264,911         49,390
                                                                           Diversification effect                              (47,366,615)      (44,154,634)      (19,620,576)   (67,079,481)


                                                                           Total portfolio                                      57,867,366       69,666,300        98,072,104     50,664,887
57. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


                                                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report
   (c) Market risk (continued)
        (i)    Market risk of investment portfolios (continued)
                                                                            As at 31
                                                                         December            For the year ended 31 December 2018
                                                                               2018           Average           Highest           Lowest     321


                Equity prices                                            10,017,654        35,295,772        84,098,599         9,211,728




                                                                                                                                             China International Capital Corporation Limited
                Interest rates                                           54,126,510        34,934,216        59,106,783        22,723,042
                Currency rates                                           12,978,384        17,133,335        26,134,597        10,943,473
                Commodity prices                                          1,739,044           994,920         2,897,438          236,359
                Diversification effect                                  (24,900,111)       (31,004,413)      (19,232,253)     (46,570,288)


                Total portfolio                                          53,961,481        57,353,830        94,666,167        31,926,815


        (ii)   Market risk of non-trading portfolios
               (1)   Interest rate risk
                     The non-trading portfolios of the Group are subject to the risk of interest rate fluctuations. Except for the
                     financial assets and liabilities managed through VaR, the Group’s major interest-earning assets in its non-trading
                     portfolios include deposits at banks and in clearing houses, receivable from margin clients and reverse REPOs;
                     and its interest-bearing liabilities mainly include short-term debt securities issued, placements from financial
                     institutions, REPOs and long-term debt securities issued.


                     The Group adopts sensitivity analysis to measure the interest rate risk of non-trading portfolios. Assuming all
                     other variables remain constant, interest rate sensitivity analysis is as follows:


                                                                                                Sensitivity of net profit and equity
                                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                                                            2019                    2018


                      Changes in basis points
                      Increase by 50 basis points                                                   (213,876,502)           (204,477,998)
                      Decrease by 50 basis points or decrease to 0                                  224,548,089               227,671,434
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  57. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (c) Market risk (continued)
                                                                (ii)   Market risk of non-trading portfolios (continued)
                                                                       (1)    Interest rate risk (continued)
                                                                              The sensitivity analysis is based on the static rate risk profile of the Group’s assets and liabilities. The sensitivity
322                                                                           analysis measures the impact of changes in interest rates within one year, showing how annualised net profit or
                                                                              loss and equity would have been affected by repricing of the Group’s assets and liabilities within the one-year
                                                                              period. The sensitivity analysis is based on the following assumptions that:




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                              –        The 50 basis points of changes in interest rates at the end of the reporting periods apply to all of the
                                                                                       Group’s non-trading financial instruments in the next 12 months;


                                                                              –        There is a parallel shift in the yield curve with the changes in interest rate;


                                                                              –        There are no changes to the assets and liabilities portfolios;


                                                                              –        Other variables (including exchange rates) remain unchanged; and


                                                                              –        Risk management measures undertaken by the Group are not considered.


                                                                              Due to the above assumptions, the actual changes of interest rate and the impact to the Group’s net profit and
                                                                              equity might vary from the estimated results of the sensitivity analysis.


                                                                       (2)    Currency risk
                                                                              Currency risk is the risk arising from the fluctuation of foreign exchange rates. The Group’s currency risk
                                                                              regarding the non-trading portfolio primarily relates to business activities denominated in foreign currencies
                                                                              different from the Group’s functional currency and is considered not material, because the proportion of the
                                                                              non-trading portfolios denominated in foreign currencies is relatively low, the Group believes that its foreign
                                                                              exchange rate risk has an insignificant impact on its current operations.
58. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT


                                                                                                                                               2019 Annual Report
   The Group’s capital management policy is to maintain an adequate capital base, so as to retain the confidence of the investors,
   the creditors and the counterparties and to ensure the sound development of future business. The objective of the Group’s capital
   management is to meet legal and regulatory requirements, while maintaining adequate capital and maximise returns. Based on its
   strategic plan, its business development needs and the tendency in its risk exposure, the Group carries out the forecast, planning
   and management of its regulatory capital through scenario analysis and stress testing.
                                                                                                                                               323
   The Group calculates its regulatory capital in accordance with relevant regulations applicable in the local jurisdiction which may be
   significantly different from the regulations in other jurisdictions. The Company calculates regulatory capital in accordance with the




                                                                                                                                               China International Capital Corporation Limited
   Provisions on the Calculation Basis for Risk Control Indicators of Securities Companies (CSRC Announcement [2016] No. 10) issued
   by the CSRC on 16 June 2016.


   In accordance with CSRC Announcement [2016] No. 10, the Company is required to meet the following standards for risk control
   indicators on a continual basis:


   (i)     Risk Coverage Ratio (Net capital/Total risk capital reserves×100%) shall be no less than 100% (“Ratio i”);


   (ii)    Capital Leverage Ratio (Core net capital/Total balance sheet & off-balance sheet assets×100%) shall be no less than 8% (“Ratio
           ii”);


   (iii)   Liquidity Coverage Ratio (High quality liquid assets/Total net cash outflows over the next 30 days×100%) shall be no less than
           100% (“Ratio iii”);


   (iv)    Net Stable Funding Ratio (Available amount of stable funding/Required amount of stable funding×100%) shall be no less
           than 100% (“Ratio iv”);


   (v)     The ratio of net capital divided by net assets shall be no less than 20% (“Ratio v”);


   (vi)    The ratio of net capital divided by liabilities shall be no less than 8% (“Ratio vi”);


   (vii)   The ratio of net assets divided by liabilities shall be no less than 10% (“Ratio vii”);


   (viii) The ratio of the value of equity securities and related derivatives held divided by net capital shall not exceed 100% (“Ratio
           viii”);


   (ix)    The ratio of the value of non-equity securities and related derivatives held divided by net capital shall not exceed 500% (“Ratio
           ix”).
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  58. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         As at 31 December 2019 and 2018, the Company maintained the above ratios as follows:


                                                                                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                 2019                  2018


324                                                       Net Capital                                                                                 28,702,021,460         24,577,462,190
                                                          Ratio i                                                                                            132.49%               133.58%
                                                          Ratio ii                                                                                            10.47%                 10.55%




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                          Ratio iii                                                                                          251.91%               438.33%
                                                          Ratio iv                                                                                           128.85%               156.98%
                                                          Ratio v                                                                                             70.20%                 65.95%
                                                          Ratio vi                                                                                            24.65%                 22.74%
                                                          Ratio vii                                                                                           35.11%                 34.48%
                                                          Ratio viii                                                                                          44.94%                 20.62%
                                                          Ratio ix                                                                                           290.10%               347.50%


                                                         Similar to the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Group are also subject to capital requirements imposed by their local regulators,
                                                         including the CSRC, the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission, and etc.


                                                         The above data is calculated based on the financial information prepared in accordance with China Accounting Standards for
                                                         Business Enterprises.
59. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY


                                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report
   (a) The Company’s statement of financial position
                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                            Note             2019              2018


        Non-current assets:
                                                                                                                       325
        Property and equipment                                                        435,575,843        372,277,200
        Right-of-use assets                                                           612,829,845                 –
        Intangible assets                                                             103,217,147         87,842,509




                                                                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited
        Interests in subsidiaries                                           60      22,643,777,514    21,744,673,076
        Interests in associates and joint ventures                                    407,839,515        389,932,716
        Reverse REPOs                                                                   65,050,590       211,539,018
        Refundable deposits                                                          1,699,266,387       770,430,005
        Deferred tax assets                                                           621,956,634        601,636,510
        Other non-current assets                                                      128,630,571        121,753,069


        Total non-current assets                                                    26,718,144,046    24,300,084,103


        Current assets:
        Accounts receivable                                                          9,805,193,196     2,141,926,752
        Receivable from margin clients                                               2,766,714,285     1,992,028,170
        Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income           20,067,334,715    24,190,268,496
        Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                       73,487,881,746    64,719,040,159
        Derivative financial assets                                                  3,182,247,665     3,000,399,524
        Reverse REPOs                                                               10,433,010,873    13,197,893,871
        Cash held on behalf of clients                                              15,121,597,005    11,129,108,315
        Cash and bank balances                                                       9,649,881,652     8,745,764,629
        Other current assets                                                         1,281,716,226     3,139,287,616


        Total current assets                                                       145,795,577,363   132,255,717,532


        Total assets                                                               172,513,721,409   156,555,801,635
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  59. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (a) The Company’s statement of financial position (continued)
                                                                                                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                                    Notes                 2019                  2018


                                                                  Current liabilities:
326
                                                                  Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                                   2,107,270,290           1,480,846,217
                                                                  Derivative financial liabilities                                                             3,754,090,061           1,479,476,136
                                                                  Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                                       10,716,008,886          11,203,754,287




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                  Placements from financial institutions                                                      13,305,797,714           7,954,342,245
                                                                  Short-term debt securities issued                                                           10,106,707,969           8,038,574,411
                                                                  REPOs                                                                                        9,155,548,103          35,072,079,303
                                                                  Employee benefits payable                                                                    2,815,906,617           2,005,815,539
                                                                  Income tax payable                                                                             317,223,201             442,422,700
                                                                  Long-term debt securities issued due within one year                                        15,664,571,241           6,238,654,406
                                                                  Contract liabilities                                                                            66,049,227                       –
                                                                  Other current liabilities                                                                   33,222,338,080          13,899,349,393


                                                                  Total current liabilities                                                                  101,231,511,389          87,815,314,637


                                                                  Net current assets                                                                          44,564,065,974          44,440,402,895


                                                                  Total assets less current liabilities                                                       71,282,210,020          68,740,486,998


                                                                  Non-current liabilities:
                                                                  Non-current employee benefits payable                                                          394,448,276             559,786,203
                                                                  Long-term debt securities issued                                                            29,369,262,562          30,915,172,060
                                                                  Lease liabilities                                                                              633,150,164                       –


                                                                  Total non-current liabilities                                                               30,396,861,002          31,474,958,263


                                                                  Net assets                                                                                  40,885,349,018          37,265,528,735


                                                                  Equity:
                                                                  Share capital                                                                       49       4,368,667,868           4,192,667,868
                                                                  Other equity instruments                                                            50       1,000,000,000           1,000,000,000
                                                                  Reserves                                                                            49      32,570,193,268          29,824,857,277
                                                                  Retained profits                                                                             2,946,487,882           2,248,003,590


                                                                  Total equity                                                                                40,885,349,018          37,265,528,735


                                                                Note: The Company has applied IFRS 16 since 1 January 2019 in accordance with transitional provision stated in Note 2. Lease liabilities
                                                                      amounted to RMB816,089,902 were recognised on initial application of IFRS 16, relating to which RMB827,120,560 was recognised as
                                                                      right-of-use assets.
59. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY (continued)


                                                                                                                                                                                    2019 Annual Report
   (b) Movement in the Company’s reserves
                                                                                                        Reserves
                                                                  Other                                                Investment
                                                   Share         equity        Capital       Surplus       General     revaluation                     Retained            Total
                                                  capital   instruments        reserve       reserve       reserves        reserve      Subtotal          profits         equity
                                                                                                                                                                                    327


        At 1 January 2019                   4,192,667,868 1,000,000,000 27,044,602,544   532,495,676 2,184,133,715      63,625,342 29,824,857,277 2,248,003,590 37,265,528,735




                                                                                                                                                                                    China International Capital Corporation Limited
        Changes in equity for the year
        Profit for the year                            –             –              –             –                –            –              – 2,040,628,027 2,040,628,027
        Other comprehensive income
          for the year                                 –              –             –             –                –    49,415,652    49,415,652               –     49,415,652


        Total comprehensive income
          for the year                                 –             –              –             –                –    49,415,652    49,415,652 2,040,628,027 2,090,043,679


        Appropriation to surplus reserve               –             –              –    204,062,803               –            –    204,062,803    (204,062,803)              –
        Appropriation to general reserves              –              –             –             –    410,254,073              –    410,254,073    (410,254,073)              –
        Distributions to holders of
          perpetual subordinated bonds                 –              –             –             –                –            –              –     (57,000,000)    (57,000,000)
        Dividends to shareholders of
          the Company                                  –              –             –             –                –            –              –    (670,826,859)   (670,826,859)
        Issuance of H shares                 176,000,000              – 2,081,603,463             –                –            – 2,081,603,463                – 2,257,603,463


        At 31 December 2019                 4,368,667,868 1,000,000,000 29,126,206,007   736,558,479 2,594,387,788     113,040,994 32,570,193,268 2,946,487,882 40,885,349,018
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  59. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (b) Movement in the Company’s reserves (continued)
                                                                                                                                                                             Reserves
                                                                                                                                                                                             Investment
                                                                                                                       Share    Other equity       Capital       Surplus       General       revaluation                     Retained           Total
                                                                                                                      capital   instruments        reserve       reserve      reserves          reserve        Subtotal         profits        equity
328


                                                                  At 31 December 2017                           3,985,130,809 1,000,000,000 24,943,144,961   347,068,722 1,813,108,200      (101,380,693) 27,001,941,190 1,675,216,690 33,662,288,689




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                  Adjustment on initial application of IFRS 9
                                                                    (net of tax)                                           –              –             –             –                 –     3,182,937       3,182,937      2,796,684      5,979,621


                                                                  At 1 January 2018                             3,985,130,809 1,000,000,000 24,943,144,961   347,068,722 1,813,108,200       (98,197,756) 27,005,124,127 1,678,013,374 33,668,268,310


                                                                  Changes in equity for the year
                                                                  Profit for the year                                      –              –             –             –                 –             –              – 1,854,269,544 1,854,269,544
                                                                  Other comprehensive income for the year                  –              –             –             –                 –   161,823,098     161,823,098              –    161,823,098


                                                                  Total comprehensive income for the year                  –              –             –             –                 –   161,823,098     161,823,098 1,854,269,544 2,016,092,642


                                                                  Appropriation to surplus reserve                         –              –             –    185,426,954                –             –     185,426,954   (185,426,954)             –
                                                                  Appropriation to general reserves                        –              –             –             –    371,025,515                –     371,025,515   (371,025,515)             –
                                                                  Distributions to holders of
                                                                    perpetual subordinated bonds                           –              –             –             –                 –             –              –     (57,000,000)   (57,000,000)
                                                                  Dividends to shareholders of the Company                 –              –             –             –                 –             –              –    (670,826,859) (670,826,859)
                                                                  Issuance of H shares                           207,537,059              – 2,101,457,583             –                 –             – 2,101,457,583                – 2,308,994,642


                                                                  At 31 December 2018                           4,192,667,868 1,000,000,000 27,044,602,544   532,495,676 2,184,133,715       63,625,342 29,824,857,277 2,248,003,590 37,265,528,735


                                                  60. INTERESTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
                                                                                                                                                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                                                             2019                            2018


                                                          Unlisted shares, at cost or deemed cost                                                                                           22,643,777,514                    21,744,673,076
60. INTERESTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)


                                                                                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report
    (a) Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:
                                                                                                         Equity interest held
                                             Place of                                   Particulars of    by the Company
                                             incorporation      Kind of                   issued and     as at 31 December      Principal
         Name of company                     and operation      legal entity           paid-in capital     2019           2018 activity                   Auditor(1)
                                                                                                                                                                       329

         China International Capital         Hong Kong          Limited liability    HKD2,300,000,000      100%          100% Overseas investment         DTT
           Corporation (Hong Kong) Limited                        company                                                         holding business




                                                                                                                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited
         CICC Wealth Management              Shenzhen, PRC      Limited liability   RMB16,700,695,000      100%          100% Investment banking and      DTT PRC
                                                                  company                                                         securities brokerage
                                                                                                                                  business


         CICC Capital management Co., Ltd.   Beijing, PRC       Limited liability     RMB922,804,807       100%          100% Direct investment           DTT PRC
                                                                  company                                                         business


         CICC Pucheng Investment             Shanghai, PRC      Limited liability     RMB300,000,000       100%          100% Financial products          DTT PRC
           Corporation Limited                                    company                                                         Investment business


         CICC Fund Management Co., Ltd.      Beijing, PRC       Limited liability     RMB400,000,000       100%          100% Management of               DTT PRC
                                                                  company                                                         mutual funds business


         CICC Futures                        Xining, PRC        Limited liability     RMB397,653,726       100%          100% Futures brokerage           DTT PRC
                                                                  company                                                         business


         CISC Tianqi Futures Limited(3)      Shenzhen, PRC      Limited liability     RMB261,250,618        80%           80% Futures brokerage           DTT PRC
                                                                  company                                                         business


         CICC Genesis Fund                   Wuhan, PRC         Limited liability     RMB100,000,000       100%          100% Direct investment           DTT PRC
           Management Co., Ltd(3)                                 company                                                         business


         China International Capital         Hong Kong          Limited liability    HKD1,155,220,000      100%          100% Investment banking and      DTT
           Corporation Hong Kong                                  company                                                         securities brokerage
           Securities Limited(3)                                                                                                  business


         CICC Financial Products Ltd.(3)     British            Limited liability               USD1       100%          100% Financial products          DTT
                                               Virgin Islands     company                                                         investment business


         CICC Hong Kong Asset                Hong Kong          Limited liability     HKD362,540,000       100%          100% Assets management           DTT
           Management Limited(3)                                  company                                                         business
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  60. INTERESTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (a) Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (continued)

                                                                                                                                                                   Equity interest held
                                                                                                            Place of                              Particulars of    by the Company
                                                                                                            incorporation    Kind of                issued and     as at 31 December      Principal
330                                                               Name of company                           and operation    legal entity        paid-in capital     2019           2018 activity                 Auditor(1)


                                                                  China International Capital Corporation   Singapore        Limited liability    SGD52,000,000      100%          100% Investment banking and    DTT




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                    (Singapore) Pte. Limited(3)                                company                                                     securities brokerage   Singapore
                                                                                                                                                                                           business

                                                                  China International Capital Corporation   UK               Limited liability    GBP33,000,000      100%          100% Investment banking and    DTT UK
                                                                    (UK) Limited(3)                                            company                                                     securities brokerage
                                                                                                                                                                                           business

                                                                  CICC US Securities, Inc.(3)               USA              Limited liability    USD68,000,000      100%          100% Investment banking and    DTT US
                                                                                                                               company                                                     securities brokerage
                                                                                                                                                                                           business

                                                                  CICC US Securities                        Hong Kong        Limited liability   HKD15,500,001       100%          100% Investment banking and    DTT US
                                                                    (Hong Kong) Limited(3)                                     company                                                     securities brokerage
                                                                                                                                                                                           business

                                                                  China International Capital Corporation   Hong Kong        Limited liability   HKD72,000,000       100%          100% Futures brokerage         DTT
                                                                    Hong Kong Futures Limited(3)                               company                                                    business

                                                                  CICC Financial Trading Limited(3)         Hong Kong        Limited liability            HKD1       100%          100% Securities business       DTT
                                                                                                                               company

                                                                  CICC Capital (Cayman) Limited(2)(3)       Cayman Islands   Limited liability   USD163,834,001      100%          100% Direct investment         –
                                                                                                                               company                                                    business

                                                                  CICC Deutschland GmbH.(2)(3)              German           Limited liability     EUR2,025,000      100%          100% Investment banking and    –
                                                                                                                               company                                                     securities brokerage
                                                                                                                                                                                           business


                                                         (b) Acquisition of a subsidiary
                                                                In August 2019, as the equity interest in CICC Qianhai Development Fund Management Company Limited (“CICC Qianhai”)
                                                                held by one of the shareholders under joint control arrangement was transferred to third parties, the Group obtained control
                                                                of CICC Qianhai through the corresponding amendments to CICC Qianhai’s articles of association. The Group’s equity interest
                                                                in CICC Qianhai remained at 55% before and after the change from joint control to control.


                                                                On consolidation, the financial position and operating results of CICC Qianhai were not material to the Group and non-
                                                                controlling interests of RMB44.4 million was recognised, representing the equity interests of other shareholders in CICC
                                                                Qianhai.
60. INTERESTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (continued)


                                                                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report
    (b) Change in ownership interest in a subsidiary (continued)
          Notes:

          (1)      Statutory auditors of the respective subsidiaries of the Group are as follows:

                   –        DTT PRC represents Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP, 德勤華永會計師事務所(特殊普通合夥), a
                            firm of certified public accountants registered in the PRC;
                                                                                                                                                            331
                   –        DTT represents Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, 德勤• 關黃陳方會計師行(香港), a firm of certified public accountants registered
                            in Hong Kong;

                   –        DTT Singapore represents DTT LLP in Singapore, a firm of certified public accountants registered in Singapore;




                                                                                                                                                            China International Capital Corporation Limited
                   –        DTT UK represents DTT LLP in the UK, a firm of certified public accountants registered in the United Kingdom of Great Britain
                            and Northern Ireland; and

                   –        DTT US represents DTT LLP in the US, a firm of certified public accountants registered in the United States of America.

          (2)      These subsidiaries were not subject to statutory audit according to the local regulations.

          (3)      The equity interest of these subsidiaries was indirectly held by the Company.

61. CONTINGENCIES
    As at 31 December 2019, CICC Wealth Management, a subsidiary of the Company, held one piece of land under construction
    for which CICC Wealth Management had obtained the corresponding land use right certificates and construction permits in
    accordance with PRC laws. By relevant laws and regulations, in the event of delay in commencement of construction, CICC Wealth
    Management may be subject to a fee on idle land of no more than RMB112.2 million (equivalent to 20% of the land transfer
    fee) and/or to forfeiture of the land use rights. However, if the delay is caused by government actions or other force majeure
    events, CICC Wealth Management may negotiate with relevant government authorities for postponing the commencement of
    construction and extending the construction period. CICC Wealth Management received an idle land verification report from
    the relevant government authorities on 1 February 2018. According to the report, the aforesaid land was recognised as idle land,
    and the idling was caused by government and corporate reasons. In May 2018, CICC Wealth Management received a Hearing
    Right Notice from the relevant government authorities, demanding the payment of fee on idle land of RMB112.2 million and
    thereupon CICC Wealth Management applied for attending hearing meeting. Thereafter in August 2018, CICC Wealth Management
    received a Hearing Notice and attended the hearing. Up to the date of approving the Group’s financial statements, CICC Wealth
    Management is still in the progress of communicating with the relevant government authorities. The amount of the fee is subject
    to the decision of the relevant government authorities, and CICC Wealth Management is of the view that such amount cannot be
    reliably measured. As a result, no relevant accrued liabilities were recognised as at 31 December 2019. As of the approval date of
    the Group’s financial reports, construction of the land has not commenced, the Group has completed the bidding for the agent
    construction party for this project and will actively carry forward the construction work thereof.


    Except for the above, the Group had no other outstanding contingent matters which had a material impact on its consolidated
    financial position as at 31 December 2019.


62. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
    (a) Corporate bonds
          The Group issued 20 CICC Wealth Management G1 with an aggregate principal amount of RMB2.00 billion on 16 January
          2020 and 20 CICC F1 with an aggregate principal amount of RMB4.00 billion on 26 February 2020. The Group redeemed
          17 CICC 01 with an aggregate principal amount of RMB4.00 billion on 20 January 2020 and 18 CICC 01 with an aggregate
          principal amount of RMB1.00 billion on 26 January 2020.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                  62. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (continued)


2019 Annual Report
                                                         (b) Subordinated bonds
                                                                The Group issued 20 CICC C1 with an aggregate principal amount of RMB1.50 billion on 17 February 2020 and redeemed 17
                                                                CISC 01 with an aggregate principal amount of RMB1.00 billion on 23 February 2020.


                                                         (c) MTNs
332
                                                                The Group issued a tranche of MTNs with an aggregate principal amount of USD1.00 billion on 18 February 2020.


                                                         (d) Proposed profit distribution after the reporting period




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                                Taking into account of the capital demands of the current business and future development of the Company and the
                                                                interests of shareholders, the Company does not recommend any distribution of final dividends for 2019 in accordance
                                                                with the 2019 profit distribution plan approved by the Board of Directors on 30 March 2020. The above proposed profit
                                                                distribution is subject to the approval of the Company’s shareholders at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting.


                                                         (e) Sale of a subsidiary
                                                                In June 2019, CICC Wealth Management, Soochow Securities (Hong Kong) Financial Holdings Limited and Soochow
                                                                Securities Co., Ltd entered into a share transfer agreement, and agreed to sell all issued share of China Investment Securities
                                                                (Hong Kong) Financial Holdings Limited. The share transfer was filed with the CSRC without objection in September 2019
                                                                and completed in February 2020 after obtaining the approval from the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission.
                                                                On the settlement date of the share transfer, CICC Wealth Management received the total consideration and completed
                                                                the transfer of the equity interest in China Investment Securities (Hong Kong) Financial Holdings Limited. The sale of this
                                                                subsidiary has immaterial impact on the Group’s operating results and financial position.


                                                         (f)    Impact assessment on epidemic situation of COVID-19
                                                                Since the outbreak of COVID-19 in January 2020, the Group has resolutely implemented the requirements of the “Notice
                                                                on Further Strengthening Financial Support for Prevention and Control of New Coronavirus Infectious Pneumonia” issued
                                                                by the People’s Bank of China, the Ministry of Finance, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission, the China
                                                                Securities Regulatory Commission and the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, and strengthened the financial support
                                                                for epidemic prevention and control. COVID-19 will affect the global economic outlook and enterprise operation. The degree
                                                                of impact will depend on the duration of the epidemic outbreak, the effectiveness of related prevention and control and
                                                                the implementation of various regulatory policies. The Group’s operating results and financial position may be affected in
                                                                the short term. The Group will pay constant and close attention to the development of the situation, evaluate and actively
                                                                respond to its potential impact on the Group.


                                                  63. COMPARATIVE FIGURES
                                                         Certain comparative figures have been restated to conform to the current period’s presentation.
Appendix


COMPANY BUSINESS QUALIFICATIONS


                                                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report
(1)    In 1995, obtained license for operating foreign exchange business, the State Administration of Foreign Exchange (replaced by
       license of securities business in foreign currency in 2015)


(2)    In 1996, qualification of member of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Shanghai Stock Exchange


(3)    In 1997, qualification of member of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange                                        333


(4)    In 1999, qualification for underwriting business, proprietary trading and brokerage business for domestic and overseas government




                                                                                                                                           China International Capital Corporation Limited
       bonds, debenture and corporate bonds, the CSRC


(5)    In 1999, obtained approval to enter the national interbank market, the PBOC


(6)    In 2000, qualification of member of National Debt Association of China, the National Debt Association of China


(7)    In 2001, qualification for RMB ordinary equities brokerage business, the CSRC


(8)    In 2002, qualification for securities investment advisory business, the CSRC


(9)    In 2002, qualification for entrusted investment management business, the CSRC


(10)   In 2004, obtained approval to become one of the first batch of sponsor institutions, the CSRC


(11)   In 2004, qualification for internet securities entrustment business, the CSRC


(12)   In 2004, qualification of sales agent for open-ended securities investment funds, the CSRC


(13)   In 2004, securities firm engaging in innovative activities, the SAC


(14)   In 2004, qualification of SSF investment manager, the SSF


(15)   In 2005, obtained approval to set up collective asset management plans for CICC’s short-term bonds, the CSRC


(16)   In 2005, qualification for underwriting business of short-term commercial papers, the PBOC


(17)   In 2005, qualification for bond forward transactions business in the national interbank bond market, the PBOC


(18)   In 2005, qualification of bilateral market maker for block transactions of bonds, the Shanghai Stock Exchange


(19)   In 2005, qualification for warrant trading business, the Shanghai Stock Exchange


(20)   In 2005, qualification of corporate annuity fund manager, the MOHRSS
                                                  Appendix




2019 Annual Report
                                                  (21)   In 2005, qualification for foreign exchange asset management business, the SAC


                                                  (22)   In 2006, qualification of first-class dealer for SSE 180 Trading Open-ended Index Securities Investment Fund (i.e. ETF), the Shanghai
                                                         Stock Exchange


                                                  (23)   In 2006, qualification of SSF offshore investment manager, the SSF

334
                                                  (24)   In 2006, qualification of Participant of China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation, the CSDC


                                                  (25)   In 2007, approval of proposal of third party custodian for settlement funds of client transactions, the CSRC Beijing Bureau




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                  (26)   In 2007, qualification of dealer on Integrated Electronic Platform of Fixed-income Securities of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the
                                                         Shanghai Stock Exchange


                                                  (27)   In 2007, engaged in offshore securities investment management business as a QDII, the CSRC


                                                  (28)   In 2007, commence the business of “SSE Fund Connect (上證基金通)”, the Shanghai Stock Exchange


                                                  (29)   In 2007, obtained approval to commence direct investment business (through establishing a 100%-owned direct investment
                                                         company), the CSRC


                                                  (30)   In 2007, consent to engage in interbank market interest rate swap business, the CSRC


                                                  (31)   In 2008, became Class A Clearing Participant of China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation, the CSDC


                                                  (32)   In 2008, lead underwriting qualification for short-term commercial paper, the PBOC


                                                  (33)   In 2008, obtained approval to set up collective asset management plan for gains from CICC’s enhanced bonds, the CSRC


                                                  (34)   In 2009, qualification of member of the Tianjin Climate Exchange, the Tianjin Climate Exchange


                                                  (35)   In 2010, qualification to commence RMB ordinary equities proprietary trading, the CSRC


                                                  (36)   In 2010, qualification to provide introducing brokerage business to futures companies, the CSRC


                                                  (37)   In 2010, market maker in the national interbank bond market,the PBOC


                                                  (38)   In 2010, qualification to commence offshore securities investment specific asset management business, the CSRC


                                                  (39)   In 2010, qualification of ordinary member of the Interbank Market Clearing House Co., Ltd., the Interbank Market Clearing House
                                                         Co., Ltd.


                                                  (40)   In 2010, business qualification for margin financing and securities lending, the CSRC
                                                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report
(41)   In 2011, business qualification of Nominated Advisers & Brokers on the Third Board (Agency Share Transfer System), the SAC


(42)   In 2011, obtained approval to increase agency sale institutions for collective asset management plan for gains from CICC’s
       enhanced bonds and collective asset management plans for CICC’s selective funds, the Beijing Bureau of the CSRC


(43)   In 2011, qualification of member of book-entry government bond underwriting syndicates from 2012-2014, the MOF, the PBOC and
       the CSRC
                                                                                                                                            335

(44)   In 2011,obtained approval to set up investment funds for strategic emerging industries, the National Development and Reform
       Commission




                                                                                                                                            China International Capital Corporation Limited
(45)   In 2012, qualification to commence placing business for SME bonds, the SAC


(46)   In 2012, qualification for bond pledged quotation and repo transaction, the CSRC


(47)   In 2012, qualification of insurance funds investment manager, the CIRC


(48)   In 2012, authorization for trading in securities under repurchase agreements, the Shanghai Stock Exchange


(49)   In 2012, business qualification to provide refinancing for margin financing and securities lending business, the CSF


(50)   In 2012, expanded the financing investment of bond pledged quotation and repo transaction, the Shanghai Stock Exchange


(51)   In 2012, consent to establish a professional subsidiary for commencing real estate direct investment fund business qualification
       association, the CSRC


(52)   In 2013, qualification for over-the-counter trading business, the SAC


(53)   In 2013, authorization for stock pledged repo transaction, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange


(54)   In 2013, qualification for equities swap transaction business, the SAC


(55)   In 2013, qualification for agency business of financial products, the CSRC Beijing Bureau


(56)   In 2013, qualifications for sponsor, brokerage business on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations (NEEQ), NEEQ


(57)   In 2013, business qualification for witnessing account opening, the CSDC


(58)   In 2013, business qualification for split conversion and merger conversion of funds, the CSDC


(59)   In 2013, qualification of advisory service for military industry and confidential business (renewed in 2017 with a valid term of 3
       years), the SASTIND


(60)   In 2013, authorization for trading in securities under repurchase agreement, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange
                                                  Appendix




2019 Annual Report
                                                  (61)   In 2014, business qualification for mutual funds (through the promotion and establishment of a wholly-owned fund company), the
                                                         CSRC


                                                  (62)   In 2014, business for special institutional customers of insurance institutions, the CIRC


                                                  (63)   In 2014, business qualification for internet account opening, the CSDC

336
                                                  (64)   In 2014, qualifications for market-making business on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations (NEEQ), NEEQ


                                                  (65)   In 2014, qualification for Southbound Trading (Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect), the Shanghai Stock Exchange




China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                                  (66)   In 2014, business qualification for over-the-counter issuance of beneficiary certificates, China Securities Inter-organization Quotation
                                                         System Co., Ltd.


                                                  (67)   In 2015, stock options brokerage business and proprietary trading business qualifications, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and
                                                         Shenzhen Stock Exchange


                                                  (68)   In 2015, qualification of internet finance business, the CSRC


                                                  (69)   In 2015, qualification of integrated custodian business for private funds, the CSIPF


                                                  (70)   In 2015, qualification of security agency business for long-distance pledge and registration business, the CSDC


                                                  (71)   In 2015, qualifications for spot precious metals agency business and spot gold proprietary trading business and member of the
                                                         Shanghai Gold Exchange, the CSRC and the Shanghai Gold Exchange


                                                  (72)   In 2015, qualification of custodian business for securities investment funds, the CSRC


                                                  (73)   In 2016, business qualification of standard bond futures settlement with Shanghai Clearing House, Interbank Market Clearing House
                                                         Co., Ltd.


                                                  (74)   In 2016, qualification for Southbound Trading (Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect), the Shenzhen Stock Exchange


                                                  (75)   In 2017, obtained the “Northbound Bond Connect” quotation bureau qualification granted by the National Interbank Funding
                                                         Center, the China Foreign Exchange Trading System & National Interbank Funding Center


                                                  (76)   In 2017, replaced the original permit to operate securities business with the permit to operate securities and futures business, the
                                                         CSRC


                                                  (77)   In 2018, qualification for conducting pilot cross-border businesses, the CSRC


                                                  (78)   In 2018, qualification of first-class dealer for OTC options, the CSRC
Design and Production by: Toppan Merrill Limited
      Website: https://toppanmerrill.com
