Annual Report

2020




                China International Capital Corporation Limited
                 (a joint stock limited company incorporated in the People's Republic of China)
                                                                              Stock code: 3908
Core Values

By the People and                                                                                              Professionalism
For the Nation                                                                                                 and Diligence
People are our most valuable assets. We strive to attract,                                                     We develop our businesses up to the
cultivate and retain the best people. Since inception,                                                         highest professional standards, and
CICC has positioned itself as “a China-based investment                                                        nurture a high-caliber team of financial
bank with international perspectives”. It is our mission                                                       professionals, who boast international
to serve the nation by promoting economic reform and                                                           visions, diligently perform their duties
long-term development of the capital markets.                                                                  and share our corporate values.




                                                                                         Innovation and
                                                                                         Entrepreneurship
                                                                                         Innovation is the lasting force that drives CICC forward.
                                                                                         Blessed with deep industry knowhow, visionary leadership,
                                                                                         close relationship with clients, and abundant execution
                                                                                         experiences, CICC is always prepared to embrace change and
                                                                                         continue to deliver innovative products and quality services
                                                                                         to our clients.




                                                                  Client First
                                                                  We always put our clients first.
                                                                  We develop and maintain long-term
                                                                  relationships of trust with our clients by
                                                                  truly safeguarding their interests and
                                                                  satisfying their needs.




                                              Integrity
                                              We build our franchise upon the
                                              utmost professional integrity and
                                              highest ethical standards. We value
                                              our franchise and never compromise
                                              on integrity.




                                                                  Chinese Roots and
                                                                  International Reach
                                                                  As a China-based global investment bank, we are proud
                                                                  of our Chinese roots and of our international DNA.
                                                                  We bridge China and the world by providing best-in-class
                                                                  services to clients at home and abroad.
      Content

  2   Important Notes
  3   Significant Risk Warnings
  4   Message from Our Chairman
  6   Message from Our CEO
 15   Definitions
 24   Company Profile
 33   Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
 38   Management Discussion and Analysis
118   Directors’ Report
123   Other Significant Events
124   Changes in Shares and Information of Substantial Shareholders
128   Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees
148   Corporate Governance Report
178   Environmental, Social and Governance Report
198   Independent Auditor’s Report
204   Consolidated Financial Statements
355   Appendix
002   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report




      Important Notes


      The Directors, Supervisors and senior management of our Company undertake that there are no misrepresentation, misleading statement
      or material omission in this report and they are severally and jointly liable for the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of the
      information contained in this annual report.


      The financial statements for 2020 were prepared by our Company according to International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”),
      which have been audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu has issued auditors’ report with unqualified
      opinions. Unless otherwise stated, the amounts in this report are presented in RMB.


      The forward-looking statements such as future plans, development strategies contained in this report do not constitute substantive
      undertakings by our Company to investors who are advised to be cautious about investment risks.
                                                                           China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report     003



Significant Risk Warnings


The business operations of our Group are closely related to the macro economy, monetary policy and market conditions in China and
other jurisdictions where our businesses are operated. Any fluctuation in domestic and international capital markets will affect the Group’s
business operations.


The risks faced by our Group mainly include: strategic risk arising from the adjustment of the strategic plan of our Group under the
changes in domestic and overseas capital markets; business management risk arising from changes of business models, development of
innovative businesses and application of new technologies; market risk caused by changes in the fair value of the financial assets held by
the Group resulting from fluctuations in equity prices, interest rates, exchange rates and commodity prices, etc; credit risk arising from
defaults or deterioration in creditworthiness of counterparties, financing parties and issuers of securities; liquidity risk arising from our
Group’s inability to obtain sufficient funds at reasonable costs in a timely manner to settle debts due, fulfill other payment obligations,
and satisfy the funding needs in conducting normal business operations; operational risk arising from losses resulting from failed or
defective internal procedures or IT systems, human factors and external events; the operational, legal and reputational risks arising from
natural factors, human factors, technology vulnerabilities and management deficiencies in the course of the Group’s use of information
technology; compliance risk arising from legal sanctions, regulatory actions, loss of property or damage to our reputation, which our
Group is to be subject to, imposed on or suffered from as a result of violation of laws, regulations, self-regulatory rules or our internal
policies arising from our operations and management activities or employee behavior; legal risk for which our Group may suffer from
economic loss or loss of reputation arising from breach of contracts, disputes in respect of infringement, litigations or other legal disputes;
money laundering risks such as money laundering, terrorist financing and the financing of proliferation in the course of carrying out
business activities by the Group; and reputational risk caused by negative comments on our Group due to operational activities, business
management and other actions as well as external events.


Our Group will work on its organizational structure, management mechanism, IT system, risk indicator framework, talents cultivation and
risks response mechanism to prevent and manage the above mentioned risks. For detailed analysis and measures taken by our Group in
respect of the risks, please refer to the content in “Management Discussion and Analysis – VI. Risk Management”.
004   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report




      Message from
      Our Chairman

                                                                           deaR sHaReHOLdeRs,
                                                                           2020 is an unprecedented year. In the face of severe challenges
                                                                           resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, China’s economy has
                                                                           restored stably and shown high counter-risk capability and
                                                                           enormous strength under the strong leadership of the CPC
                                                                           Central Committee and the State Council. The capital market in
                                                                           China maintained a steady development momentum, while the
                                                                           reform continued to deepen. A series of reform measures, such
                                                                           as the launch of the new Securities Law, the reform and pilot
                                                                           registration regime of GEM, the pilot of the fund investment
                                                                           advisory business, and the pilot of consolidated regulatory capital
                                                                           framework applied to the first batch of securities firms have
                                                                           opened up a broader development space for securities firms.


                                                                            2020 marks the 25th anniversary of the establishment of CICC.
                                                                              Over the past 25 years, the Company has always been
                                                                                committed to serving national strategies and promoting
                                                                                 reform and innovation. We’ve therefore created a market-
                                                                                  oriented, professional and international brand, and
                                                                                  achieved sustainable development in terms of the
                                                                                  overall scale, business coverage and service capability.
                                                                                   In 2020, confronted with the complex and rapidly
                                                                                   changing market environment, we united together
                                                                                   and made joint efforts to overcome difficulties, and we
                                                                                    focused our attention on both the pandemic control
                                                                                    and business operations, continuously improved
                                                                                    corporate governance, and constantly strengthened
                                                                                     risk prevention and control, contributing to substantial
                                                                                     year-on-year growth in our annual revenue and net
                                                                                     profit. Such excellent achievements have left an
                                                                                      indelible mark in the development history of our
                                                                                      Company.
                                                                          China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report         005




Our market position and influence have continuously improved              Time never stays stagnant despite constant changes. Many
over the past year. Our Company ranked top on league tables               challenges exist in the post-pandemic era, but China’s economy
in terms of global equity financing by Chinese issuers, global            is still full of resilience and potential. The capital market is playing
IPO by Chinese issuers, Hong Kong IPO, and financial advisory in          a more and more important role in economic transformation
China’s M&A market, etc. The comprehensive service capability             and upgrading, which provides a historical opportunity for the
of our institutional businesses such as equities business and             first-class investment banks to achieve leapfrog development.
FICC business has been further enhanced; the AUM of our asset             We will continue giving full play to our leading advantages
management business has increased significantly to more                   in institutional, cross-border and research areas, strive to
than RMB560 billion; the AUM and revenue of CICC Capital                  improve our innovation capability, technological capability and
have increased steadily; our wealth management business has               comprehensive service capability, further stimulate the vitality
been further integrated, with remarkable progress in business             of the system and mechanism, and continuously strengthen
transitioning; and the market influence of our research business          our core competitiveness. In line with the original aspiration of
has been constantly enhanced.                                             “For the Nation”, we’ll focus on serving the national reform and
                                                                          development strategy to promote high-quality development, and
Over the past year, we have vigorously fulfilled our corporate            we’ll forge ahead bravely to accelerate our pace of becoming a
responsibility as a state-owned enterprise. We made active                first-class international investment bank, and make our franchise
response to the call of the government to serve the national              more influential on the new journey!
strategy, and played our role as the leading force and main
channel of the financial sector. We took multiple measures to
support the major national strategic plans such as “ensuring six
priorities” and “safeguarding the stability in six areas” for steady
economic momentum, eliminating financial risks, deepening
financial reform, making our contributions to economic stability;
we carefully fulfilled our corporate responsibility and actively
participated in poverty alleviation and charity activities to help
the poverty-stricken counties eradicate poverty.
                                                                                                                                    Shen Rujun
                                                                                                                                       Chairman
Over the past year, the Company has made great progress
                                                                                                                                 March 25, 2021
in strategic planning and implementation. We succeeded
in completing the IPO of A Shares and realizing capital
replenishment; our business models of “Two Bases and Six
Pillars” and “One CICC” have achieved success gradually; the
significant strategic initiatives for regionalization, digitization and
internationalization were steadily implemented; our workforce
continued to grow, which laid a solid foundation for the
Company to enter a new stage of development; we attached
great importance to improving the Party building mechanism,
and continuously strengthened our corporate culture.
006   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report




      Message from
      Our CEO

                                                                           VIeWs ON tHe eCONOMy
                                                                           aNd tHe MaRKet
                                                                           In 2020, in the face of the severe COVID-19 pandemic and
                                                                           accelerated evolution of major changes rarely seen in a century,
                                                                           China has maintained its strategic strength, taking multiple
                                                                           measures simultaneously to overcome difficulties, and strive to
                                                                           “foster new opportunities and open new chapters”. Drawing an
                                                                           end to the “13th Five-Year Plan”, China has embarked on the new
                                                                           journey of the “14th Five-Year Plan”.


                                                                           The global economy reeled from COVID-19 pandemic in
                                                                           2020. However, worldwide expansionary monetary policies
                                                                           and fiscal policies helped the economy to recover gradually.
                                                                           The global economy fell into recession last year, with the US
                                                                           and European economies hit hard by the pandemic, while Asia
                                                                           fared relatively better as a whole. Major developed economies
                                                                             began to recover in 3Q20 thanks to massive monetary and
                                                                              fiscal expansion by main central banks and governments.
                                                                                Nevertheless, main economies around the world (except
                                                                                 China) still suffered steep downturns on a full-year basis in
                                                                                  2020. Under such background, prices of most major asset
                                                                                   classes rose on a full-year basis, and main equity markets
                                                                                    have rallied following dramatic fluctuations in 1Q20, with
                                                                                     major U.S. stock indexes hit record high, and China’s
                                                                                     A-share market presented decent performance. Bond
                                                                                      markets also performed well with prices of gold and
                                                                                      main agricultural products registered decent gains.
                                                                                       Digital economy achieved rapid development against
                                                                                       market downturn, and has become a driving force
                                                                                      for economic recovery. With continued expansionary
                                                                                  policies and accelerated vaccination, we expect economies
                                                                             around the world to recover concurrently in 2021. However,
                                                                           the global economic recovery still faces uncertainties.


                                                                           China leads the world in pandemic containment and
                                                                            economic recovery in 2020, and is the only major economy
                                                                             to achieve positive economic growth. China’s GDP has
                                                                              exceeded the RMB100 trillion milestone, with growth
                                                                               rate reaching 2.3% over the full year. Investment rapidly
                                                                                recovered in 2Q20 and served as a vital stabilizer for the
                                                                                 economy, while consumption and export was gaining
                                                                                  momentum and started to boost economic growth in
                                                                           2H20. The total foreign trade value of imports and exports and
                                                                           the total amount of foreign investment absorbed both reached
                                                                           record highs. Faced with complex and severe market situation,
                                                                           Chinese government has intensified “counter-cyclical” policies,
                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report     007




making every effort to stabilize the economic fundamentals and         China’s financial system will evolve rapidly from indirect financing
maintain a stable financial environment. On the fiscal side, China’s   to direct financing, the capital market will be further expanded
fiscal deficits increased, and the central government issued           both in depth and breadth, the two-way opening of the market
RMB1 trillion worth of special bonds to finance the fight against      will be enhanced to a higher level, and the securities industry
COVID-19, and has cut more taxes and fees. Local governments           is undergoing a historical period of strategic development
also issued additional special-purpose bonds. China’s monetary         opportunities.
authority has taken steps to expand lending and develop new
monetary policy instruments that can directly stimulate the real       In our opinion, the significant development opportunities of the
economy. In addition, financial institutions have been urged           securities industry during the “14th Five-Year Plan” period include:
to forego part of their profits. Confronted with the impact and
challenges of the pandemic, China’s economy has demonstrated           •     The capital market realizes rapid development of
strong capabilities of self-recovery and resilience.                         “dual-cycle”. To build a new “dual-cycle” development
                                                                             pattern, we need to speed up the two-way investment
Year 2021 marks the beginning of the “14th Five-Year Plan”                   and financing in the capital market, make full use of the
period with steady economic recovery. We believe the main                    domestic and international markets and resources, and
policy direction in the “14th Five-Year Plan” period will focus on           allocate resources worldwide. Considering that China is
a new development pattern that features domestic circulation                 taking the lead in economic recovery, it is expected that
as the mainstay and the mutual reinforcement between                         the strong trend of foreign investment to increase the
domestic circulation and international circulation. Under the                distribution of RMB assets will continue as before, and the
current background, China will further deepen structural reforms             favorable policies of cross-border investment and financing
on the supply side for high-quality development, and adopt                   will be soon implemented.
proactive fiscal policies and prudent monetary policies to keep
the economy operating within a reasonable range. We expect             •     Listed companies continue to expand rapidly. To fully
that China will strengthen investment growth especially in New               implement the stock issuance registration system and
Infrastructure; optimize the structure of income distribution, and           to increase the proportion of direct financing have been
insist on expanding domestic demand; expedite technological                  put on the agenda of the “14th Five-Year Plan”, so it will
innovation, and improve the independence and controllability                 be a general trend for the number of listed companies
of the industrial chains and supply chains; improve policies on              to maintain rapid growth. As driven by the economic
taxes and fees reduction, strengthen inclusive financial service;            transformation and development, enterprises in the fields
and further advance reform and opening-up, improve the                       of high-tech industry, strategic emerging industry, modern
international business environment. Meanwhile, China will attach             service industry, new infrastructure, digital economy, etc.
importance to medium and long-term policy measures such as                   will constitute the main force of listed financing, where
improving people’s livelihood, promoting rural revitalization, and           industry-leading enterprises will benefit first.
accelerating green and low-carbon development.
                                                                       •     Residents have strong demand for wealth
INdustRy OutLOOK                                                             management. At present, asset allocation of residents
Chinese economy is now striding towards a new stage of high-                 is turning from physical assets to financial assets,
quality development. In the course of structural optimization &              which brings the source of “living water” for the asset
upgrading and innovation-driven development, capital market                  management and wealth management industry. Based on
plays a more prominent and pivotal role in financial operation,              the capital market, promoting the diversification of asset
and its function of serving the real economy is constantly                   allocation for residents, especially increasing the proportion
enhanced. In 2020, the reform and development of the capital                 of equity asset allocation, will be conducive to increasing
market further deepened, during which the basic systems such                 the residents’ property income and stimulating their
as issuance registration system, refinancing and delisting have              consumption vitality, thereby helping expand domestic
been constantly optimized, and the multi-layered market system               demand.
such as STAR Market, NEEQ Select, etc. have been continuously
improved. During the “14th Five-Year Plan” period, the core of
008   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Message from Our CEO



      •      Green finance ushers in faster development. As                          ReVIeW OF OuR PeRFORMaNCe
             driven by the medium and long-term goals of “peak
                                                                                     In 2020, confronted with the impact of COVID-19 pandemic as
             CO2 emissions” and “carbon neutrality”, green finance is
                                                                                     well as the complex and harsh market environment, CICC has
             expected to become an important new growth point in
                                                                                     actively coped with the challenges and done well in pandemic
             the financial sector. The securities industry can use the
                                                                                     control and business operations. By focusing on serving the
             multi-layered capital market to increase the layout of green
                                                                                     overall situation of “ensuring six priorities” and “safeguarding
             enterprise listing, green bonds issuance, green strategic
                                                                                     the stability in six areas” for steady economic momentum,
             investment, green equity trading (e.g., CO 2 emissions
                                                                                     and implementing the strategic development initiatives, our
             trading) and other businesses, thereby guiding the capital
                                                                                     businesses maintained rapid development, with operating
             elements to support the development of green economy.
                                                                                     continuously improving efficiency, and we delivered sound
                                                                                     returns for our shareholders.
      •      Digitalization facilitates transformation and
             upgrading. As finance and technology are increasingly
             integrated, digital transformation has become an important
                                                                                     Financial Performance
             approach for securities firms to create their competitive               As at the end of 2020, the total assets of the Group amounted
             edges. The focus of transformation and development is                   to RMB521,620.5 million, representing an increase of 51.2%
             gradually expanding from brokerage business to the entire               compared with that at the end of 2019; net assets(note) amounted
             business link and mid-end service capability. The best                  to RMB71,634.9 million, representing an increase of 48.3%
             practice of the industry is being generated and popularized             compared with that at the end of 2019. Our Group recorded total
             very quickly. Technology will help accelerate the presence              revenue and other income of RMB32,401.8 million, increasing
             of new business forms, new models and new ecosystems,                   by 42.2% year on year; and net profit(note) of RMB7,207.5 million,
             and inject vitality into the development of the securities              increasing by 70.0% year on year, with a weighted average return
             industry.                                                               on net assets of 13.5%.

      The development trend and market pattern of the securities
      industry are undergoing profound evolution: On the one hand,
      the switch-over of new and old development momentums
      and the rapid development of asset management, wealth
      management and capital-intensive business impose higher
      requirements on innovation capability, comprehensive service
      capability, business collaboration and capital strength of
      securities firms while expanding their business space. On the
      other hand, the industry structure hasn’t stabilized due to the
      increasing competition pressure, the improving concentration of
      domestic securities firms, and the fierce competition from foreign
      financial institutions and cross-sector institutions. In addition, the
      increasingly complex and changeable market environment at
      home and abroad has also brought challenges to the sustainable
      and sound development of securities firms.




      Note: Net assets refer to total equity attributable to shareholders of the Company. Net profit refers to net profit attributable to shareholders of the
            Company.
                                                                     China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   009




Business achievements                                                Our equities business further consolidated its leading
                                                                     position in the market. In 2020, our equities business
The Company has always been coordinating the development
                                                                     maintained development momentum by focusing on the
of various businesses based on the overall situation of national
                                                                     “dual-cycle and dual-capital” platform. We actively expanded
development. In recent years, the Company has scaled-up
                                                                     institutional coverage, improved our product innovation
business layout around the services of new economy financing,
                                                                     capabilities, strengthened cross-border business presence,
cross-border investment and financing, and residents’ wealth
                                                                     promoted systems development and digitalization, and
management, achieving remarkable results. In 2020, with the
                                                                     endeavored to provide the one-stop comprehensive financial
support of national policies and the guidance of medium and
                                                                     services covering “sales, trading, investment and research,
long-term development goals, all of our business segments
                                                                     products and cross-border business” for domestic and foreign
achieved rapid growth. Our network and customer coverage
                                                                     professional investors. In 2020, the prime brokerage business
was further strengthened, our product and customer service
                                                                     platform in Mainland China improved continuously; the derivative
capabilities continuously improved, our business collaboration
                                                                     products business achieved rapid customized and standardized
and digital transformation achieved positive results, and our
                                                                     development; the stock connect business ranked top and grew
research and information technology foundation was further
                                                                     steadily in terms of turnover and market share; and the capital
strengthened. We continued to explore into domestic market
                                                                     introduction business developed steadily and helped expand the
and develop strong cross-border advantages, and strive to
                                                                     ecosystem of institutional customers.
enhance our franchise and market influence, so as to significantly
accelerate our growth in both scale and strength.
                                                                     Our FICC business structure and foundation continued to
                                                                     improve. In 2020, our FICC foreign exchange business made
Realizing comprehensive and high-quality
                                                                     breakthroughs and the commodities business grew significantly,
development in six major businesses
                                                                     which further improved the business structure, forming into the
Our investment banking business continued to fully serve             domestic and foreign business system covering interest rate,
the real economy financing. In 2020, our Company ranked              credit, structuring, commodities and foreign exchange, and
first in terms of global IPO underwriting amount by PRC-based        contributing to the improvement of our comprehensive service
issuers, No. 2 in terms of A-share IPO underwriting amount, first    capabilities. In spite of the volatile market environment, our
acting as JGC in terms of Hong Kong IPO underwriting amount,         trading business achieved steady investment income by virtue
which further consolidated our first-mover advantages in the         of strong trading and risk control capabilities. In the meantime,
new economy industry. Our Company ranked fourth among                the business foundation was further strengthened, as the three
securities firms in terms of onshore bond offerings, and first       platforms of capital, operation and system offered strong support
among Chinese securities firms in terms of the underwriting          for business development.
amount of investment-grade USD bond offerings by PRC-based
issuers, making our innovative structured business remain ahead.
As for the M&A business, our Company has remained No. 1 on
the league table in China, and played a leading role in a number
of large-scale industrial restructuring projects for state-owned
and private enterprises. Our Company actively grasped the
opportunities in the primary market, consolidated our advantages
in benchmark projects, and explored innovative financing
instruments, so as to provide all-round financing services for
deepening the supply-side structural reforms and accelerating
the development of the new economy.
010   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Message from Our CEO



      The comprehensive service capabilities of our asset                  We achieved remarkable results in transformation and
      management business improved comprehensively. As at                  development of our wealth management business. In
      the end of 2020, the AUM of the asset management segment             2020, our wealth management business grew significantly in
      exceeded RMB560 billion, representing a significant year-on-year     terms of product assets, trading market share and total assets
      increase of 75%, which further demonstrated our advantages as a      in customers’ accounts, with steady improvement of our
      comprehensive platform. On the basis of continuously improving       market competitiveness. The buy-side investment advisory
      the product layout and enhancing the research capability,            business led the development of the industry, so we tried to
      we made efforts to strengthen the coverage of domestic and           improve the assets holding experience of customers through
      foreign institutional customers, and vigorously expand the retail    multiple asset allocation approaches; as the hierarchical service
      channels and overseas channels, thereby steadily improving the       system for customers was further improved, the scale of our
      sustainable development capability of our asset management           private wealth management business expanded rapidly; as the
      business. The active management capability of CICC Fund              digital transformation continued to advance, we made great
      Management has been further intensified, and our mutual fund         breakthroughs in the technology-driven customer service
      products performed better than those on the market. In the           systems. The continual improvement of our professional products
      meantime, CICC has made great efforts to seize new business          and service systems has laid a solid foundation for the all-round
      opportunities such as the public offering of REITs proactively,      transformation and development of our wealth management
      in an attempt to develop a complete product line with CICC           business.
      features.
                                                                           Continuing to realize solid progress in research and
      We maintained industry-leading position in terms of                  information technology
      the total assets under management of private equity
                                                                           Our research work helped enhance the market influence at
      investment. As at the end of 2020, the AUM of CICC Capital
                                                                           home and abroad. Our research business focused on the global
      amounted to over RMB300 billion. We maintained industry-
                                                                           market, and provided comprehensive research services and
      leading position even under the harsh market environment
                                                                           investment analysis covering macro-economy, market strategy,
      of great fundraising pressure. On the basis of sound business
                                                                           fixed income, asset allocation, stocks, commodities and derivative
      foundation, we positively strengthened cooperation with
                                                                           products for domestic and foreign customers. These research
      multinational corporations and large-sized industrial groups,
                                                                           products were widely recognized by the investors at home and
      and continued to deepen business presence in key regions.
                                                                           abroad for their independence, objectivity and thoroughness,
      Therefore, our products such as industrial funds, green funds and
                                                                           and won many authoritative awards issued by the Institutional
      new special account management funds developed well and our
                                                                           Investor and the Asiamoney Brokers Poll for consecutive years.
      product lines were further enriched. CICC capital will accelerate
                                                                           In 2020, a number of in-depth research reports aroused strong
      the construction of a unified and open management platform to
                                                                           response from the market, and remarkable business development
      realize resource concentration and management collaboration
                                                                           results were achieved driven by research. CICC Global Institute
      internally and to form an open platform ecosystem externally.
                                                                           was established as a new think tank to contribute more CICC
                                                                           research wisdom to public policy-making and financial market
                                                                           development.


                                                                           Information technology continued to strengthen our
                                                                           business support capabilities. In 2020, our IT organizational
                                                                           structure was further improved. We established dedicated teams
                                                                           to support main business lines to strengthen business interaction
                                                                           and integration, and to enhance the response capability and
                                                                           efficiency IT personnel. The front, middle and back office
                                                                           information systems were further enhanced to fully improve
                                                                           our online and digital operation and management level, and to
                                                                           support the plan for remote and shared office. We seized the
                                                                           opportunities arising from digital transformation to accelerate
                                                                           the optimization of IT governance system, the construction of
                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report     011




integrated management platform and the integration of system           development, education, improvement of medical and health
and data. Therefore, the supporting capability and driving effect      conditions, environmental protection in poverty-stricken areas.
of science and technology for business development were                Poverty alleviation have been achieved in Huining County in
continuously enhanced.                                                 Gansu , Guzhang in Hunan, Yuexi in Anhui, Kaizhou in Chongqing,
                                                                       and Fengjie in Chongqing which we’ve paired up with. In 2020,
Corporate Culture and social Responsibility                            the Group donated over RMB54 million to support public
                                                                       welfare and poverty alleviation programs through CICC and CICC
We continuously promoted the organization and
                                                                       Charity Foundation, including more than RMB18 million of funds
construction of corporate culture. Since establishment twenty-
                                                                       and medical supplies to prevent and fight against COVID-19
five years ago, we’ve always attached great importance to the
                                                                       pandemic in response to the call of the government to support
construction of corporate culture and continuously enabled our
                                                                       anti-pandemic activities.
corporate culture to play its positive role in boosting business
development. In 2020, the Company organized a series of
                                                                       Capital Operation and Integration
seminars and interviews related to corporate culture, so as to
learn from the practices of other leading industry players, further    The Company attaches great importance to capital operation
sort out and enrich the connotation of our corporate culture, and      and regards it as an important approach for realizing rapid
strive to refine its representation. In the meantime, by combining     development. In 2020, we actively grasped the market
online and offline activities, and by carrying out diversified forms   opportunity, to take several capital market initiatives in an
of activities such as series lectures on “Culture · Knowledge and      integrated manner, and achieved good results in terms of
Practice” and “CICC Reading Club”, we’ve constantly enriched the       making up for the weakness and promoting transformation and
cultural development and exchange activities, and strengthened         development. Our measures mainly included:
the cognition of our corporate culture.
                                                                       We successfully completed IPO of A Shares and further
We actively participated in poverty alleviation and charity            expanded our capital strength. In November 2020, the
activities to fulfill our social responsibility. In line with the      Company accurately grasped the market window to complete
mission of “For the Nation”, we continued to fulfill our social        the listing of A Shares, and raised total proceeds of RMB13 billion,
responsibility and contribute to public welfare and poverty            which was well-received by investors. In the future, the Company
alleviation. The public welfare and charity programs we                will make overall use of the “A+H” dual financing platform to fund
participated have covered multiple fields including children’s         the sound and rapid development of our businesses.
012   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Message from Our CEO




      We established Jinteng Technology, a joint venture                   FORWaRd stRateGIes aNd INItIatIVes
      technology company, as an important vehicle to invest in
                                                                           The accelerated economic transformation and development,
      financial technology. In June 2020, CICC and Tencent set up
                                                                           the continual implementation of the opening-up policy, and
      a joint venture financial technology company named Jinteng
                                                                           the reform and innovation of the capital market have laid a
      Technology, which set a precedent in the domestic securities
                                                                           solid ground for further development of the securities industry,
      industry. Jinteng Technology and CICC Wealth Management
                                                                           and have provided fertile soil for the rise of CICC as a first-class
      jointly carried out targeted marketing to affluent customers
                                                                           international investment bank. As the most influential Chinese
      through data-based operations, in an attempt to explore a new
                                                                           investment bank in the international capital market, CICC has
      operational model combining both online and offline activities.
                                                                           acted in response to the trend and clearly put forward the
                                                                           medium and long-term strategic goal of “building a world-class
      We further promoted the integration of wealth management
                                                                           investment bank”. In the past year, the Company steadily forged
      business to materialize potential synergy. In 2020, the wealth
                                                                           ahead with the execution of various strategic measures, with
      management segment was well integrated, as the integration
                                                                           priority given to medium and long-term development, market
      of OTC trading system was implemented, and the integration
                                                                           share and revenue growth.
      of personnel management was accelerated. The Company will
      steadily promote the “1+1>2” integration effect by continuously
                                                                           2021 will be a critical year for CICC to deepen strategy
      focusing on systems integration and management mechanism
                                                                           implementation and digital transformation. The Company
      innovation.
                                                                           will focus on the “Three + One” strategies, i.e. “digitization,
                                                                           regionalization and internationalization” and “One CICC”, and
                                                                           strive to enter a higher stage of development in terms of both
                                                                           scale and quality by increasing resource investment, improving
                                                                           network layout, accelerating transformation and development,
                                                                           and consolidating the middle and back-office capabilities.
                                                                         China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   013




Our concrete strategic initiatives include:                              •     Accelerating business development and deepening
                                                                               “One CICC”. We’ll continue to consolidate the leading
•     Increasing investment in resources to accelerate                         advantages of our institutional, high-end and cross-
      growth in scale and strength. Based on the strategy                      border businesses, accelerate the expansion of retail,
      of serving the real economy, we will further increase the                asset management and other emerging businesses, and
      capital base, optimize the allocation of financial resources,            continuously expand the coverage and influence of CICC
      and improve our balance sheet utilization capability                     Research at home and abroad. In the meantime, we’ll take
      and efficiency; we will also adhere to our human capital                 the opportunity of digital transformation to promote the
      strategy, continue to invest in human capital to bring in                centralization of customer data and information sharing,
      the best people and expand the talent pool to meet the                   strengthen the interaction between various business
      needs of business development. In the meantime, we will                  segments, provide comprehensive solutions based on
      try to promote extensional development, actively seek                    customer demands, create an upgraded version of “One
      domestic and foreign cooperation opportunities inside and                CICC”, and realize the normalization of cross-departmental
      outside the industry, speed up our actions in making up for              cooperation.
      the weakness, expand the scale and increase the market
      share, and improve our market position and influence.              •     Promoting organizational and institutional innovation
                                                                               and laying a solid foundation for development. We
•     Promoting digital transformation to drive growth. We                     will further improve corporate governance, improve
      have developed the road-map for digitalization and set                   the internal management system, and enhance the
      up agile teams to digital transformation of our Company                  effectiveness and efficiency of our management. In the
      steadily. By focusing on the initiatives of accelerating                 face of the complex and changing market environment,
      the application of financial technology, improving                       we’ll comprehensively strengthen the risk control and
      the IT governance system, promoting the middle and                       compliance management, intensify the risk control
      back-office digitization and creating the CICC ecosystem,                awareness of all staff, and stick to prudent and steady
      we will increase investment in resources to ensure                       business operations. We will continue to improve the
      the smooth implementation of various initiatives. The                    organizational assessment and incentive mechanism,
      Company is committed to establishing a customer-centric,                 further strengthen corporate culture, and enhance the
      data-driven and AI-based business model, to speed up                     work efficiency and cohesion of our teams. More efforts will
      business development through big data, cloud computing,                  be made to develop new work modes and to improve the
      AI and other technologies.                                               online organization management capability.


•     Improving network layout and expanding customer                    Born in the tide of China’s reform and opening up, CICC is a
      coverage. We’ll further promote regional penetration,              participant, facilitator and beneficiary of national development
      accelerate the construction of localized teams,                    and progress. Over the past 25 years, generations of “CICCers”
      comprehensively expand customer and business coverage,             have worked diligently and devoted themselves to national
      strengthen business collaboration and intensify the                reform and opening up, promoted the continuous development
      function of the headquarters, so as to create an agile and         and growth of the Company, cultivated and consolidated
      efficient service model. In line with national strategies, we’ll   competitive edges, and laid a solid foundation for the Company’s
      endeavor to increase investment in international resources,        sustained high-quality development.
      strengthen our presence in international financial centers,
      diversify our business operations and expand our business
      scale. In the meantime, we’ll expand our footprints along
      the “Belt and Road” with the focus on the Southeast
      Asia regions, and promote synergies between research,
      investment banking and investment businesses.
014   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Message from Our CEO



      The task is arduous and the way is long, but we are confident to
      accomplish it. The “14th Five-Year Plan” is the first five-year period
      of building a modern socialist country in an all-round way and
      marching towards the second centenary goal. The responsibilities
      fell on CICC’s shoulder is glorious and important. Standing at the
      new starting point, we will firmly grasp strategic development
      opportunities, unify the CICC dream and the Chinese dream
      with the dream of building a community with shared future
      for mankind, and continue to uphold the original aspiration
      of “Chinese roots, international reach”. Positioned to serve the
      national strategy, real economy, and welfare of the people, we
      will further improve the domestic and foreign network, expand
      the multi-layered customer base, enhance the momentum of
      digital development, strengthen the comprehensive customer
      service capabilities, and forge ahead towards the goal of
      becoming a world first-class investment bank. Looking ahead, the
      Company will strive to make more contributions to building a
      new dual-cycle development pattern and promoting high-quality
      economic and social development.




                                                          Huang Zhaohui
                                                    Chief Executive Officer
                                                           March 25, 2021
                                                                        China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   015



Definitions


In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms and expressions have the meanings set forth below.


“A Share(s)”                           ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each,
                                       which is (are) subscribed for and traded in RMB and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange

“A Share Offering and Listing”         the initial public offering of RMB ordinary shares (A shares) and listing on the Shanghai Stock
                                       Exchange of the Company

“Acquisition”                          the acquisition by our Company of 100% of the equity interest of Former CISC (now renamed as
                                       CICC Wealth Management) from Huijin pursuant to the Equity Transfer Agreement

“Articles of Association”              the articles of association of our Company (as amended)

“AUM”                                  the amount of assets under management

“Basic earnings per share”             (net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company – interest for holders of perpetual
                                       subordinated bonds for the year)/weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue

“Board” or “Board of Directors”        the board of directors of our Company

“CASs”                                 Chinese Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises issued by the Ministry of Finance of the
                                       PRC and other relevant requirements

“CCASS”                                the Central Clearing and Settlement System established and operated by Hong Kong Securities
                                       Clearing Company Limited

“Central Bank” or “PBOC”               the People’s Bank of China* (中國人民銀行), the central bank of the PRC

“CG Code” or                           Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance Report set out in Appendix 14 to the
  “Corporate Governance Code”          Listing Rules

“China-invs Changchun”                 China-invs Changchun Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd.* (中投長春創業投資基金管
                                       理有限公司), a company incorporated in the PRC in December 2012 and a subsidiary of CISC
                                       Luckystone

“China Investment Consulting”          China Investment Consulting Co., Ltd.* (中國投資諮詢有限責任公司), a company incorporated
                                       in the PRC in March 1986 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Jianyin Investment and a Shareholder
                                       of our Company

“China Securities Finance”             China Securities Finance Co., Ltd.* (中國證券金融股份有限公司), a company incorporated in the
                                       PRC in October 2011
016   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Definitions




      “CICC Capital”                          CICC Capital Management Co., Ltd.* (中金資本運營有限公司), a company incorporated in the
                                              PRC in March 2017 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company


      “CICC Fund Management”                  CICC Fund Management Co., Ltd.* (中金基金管理有限公司), a company incorporated in the PRC
                                              in February 2014 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company


      “CICC Private Equity”                   CICC Private Equity Management Co., Ltd.* (中金私募股權投資管理有限公司), a company
                                              incorporated in the PRC in October 2020 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company


      “CICC Futures”                          CICC Futures Co., Ltd.* (中金期貨有限公司), a company incorporated in the PRC and a
                                              wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company


      “CICC Jiacheng”                         CICC Jiacheng Investment Management Co., Ltd.* (中金佳成投資管理有限公司), a company
                                              incorporated in the PRC in October 2007 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company


      “CICC HK AM”                            China International Capital Corporation Hong Kong Asset Management Limited (中國國際金
                                              融香港資產管理有限公司), a company incorporated in Hong Kong in December 2005 and a
                                              wholly-owned subsidiary of CICC Hong Kong


      “CICC HK Futures”                       China International Capital Corporation Hong Kong Futures Limited (中國國際金融香港期貨有
                                              限公司), a company incorporated in Hong Kong in August 2010 and a wholly-owned subsidiary
                                              of CICC Hong Kong


      “CICC HK Securities”                    China International Capital Corporation Hong Kong Securities Limited (中國國際金融香港證券有
                                              限公司), a company incorporated in Hong Kong in March 1998 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of
                                              CICC Hong Kong


      “CICC Hong Kong”                        China International Capital Corporation (Hong Kong) Limited (中國國際金融（香港）有限公
                                              司), a company incorporated in Hong Kong in April 1997 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of our
                                              Company


      “CICC Pucheng”                          CICC Pucheng Investment Co., Ltd.* (中金浦成投資有限公司), a company incorporated in the
                                              PRC in April 2012 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company


      “CICC Singapore”                        China International Capital Corporation (Singapore) Pte. Limited, a company incorporated in
                                              Singapore in July 2008 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company


      “CICC UK”                               China International Capital Corporation (UK) Limited, a company incorporated in the United
                                              Kingdom in August 2009 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company


      “CICC US Securities”                    CICC US Securities, Inc., a company incorporated in the United States in August 2005 and a
                                              wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company
                                                              China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   017




“CICC Wealth Management” or   China CICC Wealth Management Securities Company Limited (中國中金財富證券有限公司),
   “CICC Wealth Management    formerly known as China Investment Securities Company Limited (中國中投證券有限責任公
  Securities”                 司), a company incorporated in the PRC in September 2005 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of our
                              Company


“CISC” or “Former CISC”       China Investment Securities Company Limited (中國中投證券有限責任公司), a company
                              incorporated in the PRC in September 2005 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company,
                              whose name was changed to China CICC Wealth Management Securities Company Limited (中國
                              中金財富證券有限公司) in August 2019


“CISC Luckystone”             CISC Luckystone Investment Management Co., Ltd.* (中投瑞石投資管理有限責任公司), a
                              company incorporated in the PRC in September 2009 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of CICC
                              Wealth Management


“CMBS”                        commercial mortgage-backed securities


“RMBS”                        residential mortgage backed securities (個人住房按揭貸款資產證券化)


“Company”, “our Company”,     China International Capital Corporation Limited (中國國際金融股份有限公司), a joint stock
  or “CICC”                   company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability converted from China International Capital
                              Corporation Limited (中國國際金融有限公司), a Chinese-foreign equity joint venture, on June 1,
                              2015, whose H Shares are listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 03908) and A Shares
                              are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 601995)


“Company Law” or              the Company Law of the PRC* (中華人民共和國公司法), as amended, supplemented or
  “PRC Company Law”           otherwise modified from time to time


“connected person(s)”         has the same meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


“CSRC”                        the China Securities Regulatory Commission* (中國證券監督管理委員會)


“Directors”                   directors of our Company


“Equity Transfer Agreement”   the equity transfer agreement entered into between our Company and Huijin dated November 4,
                              2016, pursuant to which our Company has agreed to purchase and Huijin has agreed to sell 100%
                              of the equity interest of Former CISC (now renamed as CICC Wealth Management)


“ETF(s)”                      exchange-traded fund(s)


“FoF”                         Fund of Fund


“FICC”                        fixed income, commodities and currencies


“GDR(s)”                      global depositary receipt(s)
018   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Definitions




      “Gearing ratio”                         (total liabilities – accounts payable to brokerage clients and to underwriting clients)/(total assets –
                                              accounts payable to brokerage clients and to underwriting clients)


      “Group”, “our Group” or “we”            our Company and its subsidiaries (or with reference to the context, our Company and anyone or
                                              more of its subsidiaries)


      “Growth Enterprise Market” or           the ChiNext board of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange
        “ChiNext board”


      “H Share(s)”                            ordinary share(s) in the share capital of our Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each,
                                              which is (are) listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and are subscribed for and traded in HK
                                              dollars

      “HK$”, “HKD” or “HK dollars”            Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

      “Hong Kong”                             the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

      “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”              The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hong Kong Exchanges
        or “HKEx”                             and Clearing Limited

      “HKICPA”                                Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants

      “Huijin” or “Huijin Company”            Central Huijin Investment Ltd.* (中央匯金投資有限責任公司), a wholly state-owned company
                                              ultimately owned by the PRC Government

      “I&G”                                   China National Investment and Guaranty Corporation* (中國投融資擔保股份有限公司), a
                                              company incorporated in the PRC in 1993 and a Shareholder of our Company

      “ICAEW”                                 The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales

      “IFRSs”                                 the International Financial Reporting Standards, which include standards, amendments
                                              and interpretations promulgated by the International Accounting Standards Board and the
                                              International Accounting Standards (IAS) and interpretations issued by the International
                                              Accounting Standards Committee (IASC)

      “Jianyin Investment”                    China Jianyin Investment Ltd.* (中國建銀投資有限責任公司), a company incorporated in the
                                              PRC in June 1986 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Huijin and a Shareholder of our Company

      “JIC Investment”                        JIC Investment Co., Ltd.* (建投投資有限責任公司), a company incorporated in the PRC in
                                              October 2012 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Jianyin Investment and a Shareholder of our
                                              Company

      “Jinteng Technology”                    Jinteng Technology Information (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. (金騰科技信息（深圳）有限公司), a
                                              company incorporated in the PRC in June 2020 and a joint venture of the Company and Tencent
                                              Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. * (騰訊數碼（深圳）有限公司)
                                                                  China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report    019




“Latest Practicable Date”        March 25, 2021

“Listing Rules”                  the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (as
                                 amended from time to time)


“Ministry of Finance” or “MOF”   the Ministry of Finance of the PRC* (中華人民共和國財政部)


“Model Code”                     the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Companies set out in Appendix
                                 10 to the Listing Rules


“MTN(s)”                         medium-term notes


“NEEQ”                           The National Equities Exchange and Quotations (全國中小企業股份轉讓系統)


“Net capital”                    net capital refers to net assets after risk adjustments on certain types of assets as defined in the
                                 Provisions on the Calculation Basis for Risk Control Indicators of Securities Companies


“NSSF”                           the National Council for Social Security Fund of the PRC* (全國社會保障基金理事會)


“Operating leverage ratio”       (total assets – account payable to brokerage clients and to underwriting clients)/equity
                                 attributable to shareholders of the Company


“PPP”                            public-private partnership


“PRC” or “China”                 the People’s Republic of China


“PRC Government”                 the central government of the PRC, including all governmental subdivisions (including provincial,
                                 municipal and other regional or local government entities) and instrumentalities


“QDII(s)”                        Qualified Domestic Institutional Investor* (合格境內機構投資者)


“QFII(s)”                        Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor* (合格境外機構投資者)


“REITs”                          real estate investment trusts


“Reporting Period”               the period from January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020


“REPOs”                          financial assets sold under repurchase agreements


“Reverse REPOs                   financial assets held under resale agreements


“RMB” or “Renminbi”              Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC
020   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Definitions




      “RQFII(s)”                              Renminbi Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor* (人民幣合格境外機構投資者)


      “SAC”                                   the Securities Association of China* (中國證券業協會)


      “Science and technology innovation      Sci-Tech innovation board of Shanghai Stock Exchange
        board” or “STAR Market”


      “Securities Law”                        the Securities Law of the PRC* (中華人民共和國證券法) as amended, supplemented or
                                              otherwise modified from time to time


      “SFO”                                   the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) as amended,
                                              supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


      “Shanghai Stock Exchange”               the Shanghai Stock Exchange* (上海證券交易所)


      “Shareholder(s)”                        holder(s) of the Share(s)


      “Share(s)”                              ordinary share(s) in the share capital of our Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each


      “Shenzhen Stock Exchange” or “SZSE” the Shenzhen Stock Exchange* (深圳證券交易所)


      “SOE(s)”                                state-owned enterprise(s)


      “State Council”                         the State Council of the PRC* (中華人民共和國國務院)


      “Supervisors”                           supervisors of our Company


      “Supervisory Committee”                 the supervisory committee of our Company


      “Tencent”                               Tencent Holdings and its subsidiaries


      “Tencent Holdings”                      Tencent Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability
                                              and whose shares are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 700)


      “Tencent Mobility Limited”              Tencent Mobility Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability, a
                                              wholly-owned subsidiary of Tencent Holdings and a Shareholder of our Company
                                                                                China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report           021




“United Kingdom” or “UK”                   the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland


“United States” or “U.S.” or               the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas subject to its jurisdiction
  “USA” or “US”


“US$” or “USD”                             United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States


“Weighted average return on                (net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company – interest for holders of perpetual
  net assets”                              subordinated bonds for the year)/weighted average of equity attributable to shareholders of the
                                           Company


“Wind”                                     Wind Information Co., Ltd,


“%”                                        per cent

Notes:

Certain amounts and percentage figures included in this report have been subject to rounding. Accordingly, the arithmetic sum shown in certain tables
may not be the total of the figures preceding them. Any discrepancies in any table or chart between the arithmetic sum shown and the total of the
amounts listed are due to rounding.

For ease of reference, the names of Chinese laws and regulations, governmental authorities, institutions, natural persons or other entities (including
certain of our subsidiaries) have been included in the report in both the Chinese and English languages and in the event of any inconsistency, the Chinese
versions shall prevail. English translations of company names and other terms from the Chinese language are marked with “*” and are provided for
identification purposes only.
Company
Profile
024   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report




      Company Profile
      (As of December 31, 2020)




      I.    COMPaNy OVeRVIeW
            Name in Chinese:                                         中國國際金融股份有限公司

            Name in English:                                         China International Capital Corporation Limited

            Legal representative:                                    Shen Rujun

            Chairman:                                                Shen Rujun

            Chief Executive Officer:                                 Huang Zhaohui

            Registered capital:                                      RMB4,827,256,868 (Note 1)

            Headquarters in the PRC:

                  Registered and office address                      27th and 28th Floor, China World Office 2, 1 Jianguomenwai Avenue,
                                                                     Chaoyang District, Beijing, PRC

                  Company website                                    http://www.cicc.com

                  E-mail                                             Investorrelations@cicc.com.cn

            Principal place of business in Hong Kong, China:         29/F, One International Finance Centre, 1 Harbour View Street, Central, Hong Kong, China

            Secretary to the Board:                                  Sun Nan (Note 2)

                  Address                                            27th and 28th Floor, China World Office 2, 1 Jianguomenwai Avenue,
                                                                     Chaoyang District, Beijing, PRC

                  Telephone                                          +86-10-65051166

                  Facsimile                                          +86-10-65051156

            Joint Company Secretaries:                               Sun Nan, Zhou Jiaxing

            Authorized Representatives:                              Huang Zhaohui (Note 3), Zhou Jiaxing

            Statutory Auditors engaged by our Company:

                  Domestic accounting firm:                          Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP

                  Overseas accounting firm:                          Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                     Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor

            Notes:
            (1)      On November 2, 2020, our Company was listed on the Main Board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange and issued 458,589,000 A Shares in
                     the initial public offering and a total of 2,464,953,440 domestic shares held by the original domestic shareholders of the Company were
                     converted into 2,464,953,440 A Shares. Accordingly, the total number of issued Shares of our Company increased to 4,827,256,868 Shares
                     (including 1,903,714,428 H Shares and 2,923,542,440 A Shares), and the registered capital of our Company increased to RMB4,827,256,868.
                     Please refer to the section “Management Discussion and Analysis – V. Significant Investment and Financing Activities of Our Group – (ii)
                     Equity Financing” for details.
            (2)      As approved by the Board of Directors, Mr. Sun Nan has started to serve as the Secretary to the Board of Directors and a Joint Company
                     Secretary of the Company with effect from May 8, 2020, and Mr. Xu Yicheng has ceased to hold these positions since then.
            (3)      As approved by the Board of Directors and the shareholders’ general meeting, Mr. Huang Zhaohui has started to serve as the Executive
                     Director and Authorized Representative of the Company since February 28, 2020, and Mr. Bi Mingjian has ceased to hold these positions
                     since then.
                                                                        China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report    025




II.   INtROduCtION tO OuR COMPaNy
      History
      Our Company, China’s first joint venture investment bank, was established on July 31, 1995 with the name of China International
      Capital Corporation Limited (中國國際金融有限公司) in the PRC as approved by the PBOC with a registered capital of US$100
      million. The promoters of our Company were the former People’s Construction Bank of China (中國人民建設銀行), Morgan
      Stanley & Co. Incorporated (摩根士丹利國際公司), I&G (then known as China National Investment & Guaranty Corporation (中國
      經濟技術投資擔保公司)), GIC Private Limited (新加坡政府投資有限公司, then known as Government of Singapore Investment
      Corporation Pte. Ltd. (新加坡政府投資公司)) and Mingly Corporation (名力集團控股有限公司) (then known as The Mingly
      Corporation Limited (名力集團)).


      On June 1, 2015, our Company was converted into a joint stock company with limited liability with the name of China International
      Capital Corporation Limited (中國國際金融股份有限公司). Upon the conversion, our Company had a total share capital of
      RMB1,667,473,000 comprising 1,667,473,000 Shares with nominal value of RMB1.00 each.


      Our Company was successfully listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on November 9, 2015 and initially issued 555,824,000
      H Shares, and further issued 83,372,000 H Shares upon the exercise of over-allotment option. After the completion of the global
      offering and the exercise of the over-allotment option, the total number of issued Shares of our Company increased from
      1,667,473,000 Shares to 2,306,669,000 Shares.


      On November 4, 2016, our Company and Huijin entered into the Equity Transfer Agreement, pursuant to which, our Company
      has agreed to acquire, and Huijin has agreed to sell, 100% of the equity interest of Former CISC (now renamed as CICC Wealth
      Management). CICC Wealth Management is a fully-licensed securities firm in the PRC with an extensive and well-established branch
      network, a large customer base and an integrated business platform. The Company became the sole shareholder of Former CISC
      (now renamed CICC Wealth Management) on March 21, 2017. 1,678,461,809 domestic shares had been issued as fully paid to
      Huijin as consideration for the Acquisition on April 12, 2017. Upon completion of the Acquisition, Huijin directly held 58.58% equity
      interest in our Company, and that the registered capital of our Company increased from RMB2,306,669,000 to RMB3,985,130,809.


      On March 23, 2018, the Company completed the issuance of 207,537,059 new H Shares to Tencent Mobility Limited. Accordingly,
      the number of the Company’s issued H Shares and the total issued Shares increased to 1,727,714,428 H Shares and 4,192,667,868
      Shares, respectively.


      On October 24, 2019, the Company has successfully allotted an aggregate of 176,000,000 new H Shares to no fewer than six
      professional, institutional and/or individual investors which are not connected parties or connected persons of the Company, and
      accordingly, the total issued H Shares and the total issued Shares of the Company increased to 1,903,714,428 and 4,368,667,868
      Shares, respectively.


      On November 2, 2020, our Company was successfully listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and issued 458,589,000 A Shares in
      the initial public offering and a total of 2,464,953,440 domestic shares held by the original domestic shareholders of the Company
      were converted into 2,464,953,440 A Shares. Upon completion of the A Share Offering and Listing, the total number of issued
      Shares of our Company increased to 4,827,256,868 shares, including 1,903,714,428 H Shares and 2,923,542,440 A Shares.
026   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Company Profile
      (As of December 31, 2020)




            The Headquarters of our Group is in Beijing and as of December 31, 2020, our Group has a number of subsidiaries in the PRC,
            including CICC Wealth Management, CICC Capital, CICC Fund Management, CICC Pucheng and CICC Futures, and our Group has
            established branch companies in Shanghai, Shenzhen, Xiamen, Chengdu, Hangzhou and Jinan and the Group and its subsidiaries
            with over 200 securities branches located in 28 provinces and municipalities of the PRC.


            After over 20 years of unremitting efforts, our Group has achieved remarkable progress in business development and transformed
            into an investment bank with an outstanding team, solid client base and excellent brand. In 2015, our Group obtained several
            business qualifications such as qualifications for internet finance business, integrated custodian business for private funds and
            custodian business for securities investment funds. In 2017, CICC obtained from the National Interbank Funding Centre the
            qualification of market makers for the Northbound Trading under Bond Connect. CICC Futures became a member of Shanghai
            International Energy Exchange Co., Ltd.. In 2018, CICC obtained the qualification for conducting pilot cross-border businesses and
            the tier-one OTC option dealer qualification. In 2019, CICC obtained the Operation Qualification of RMB Currency Trading Business
            and the Operation Qualification of Commodity Options Market-Making Business approved by the CSRC, the Pilot Qualification
            of Financing Through Exercising Incentive Share Options of Listed Companies approved by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, the
            Operation Qualification of Private Equity Fund Service approved by the Asset Management Association of China (including the
            Operation Qualification of Shares Registration Business Service and the Operation Qualification of Valuation and Accounting
            Business Service), the Operation Qualification of Lead Market Maker of Listed Funds approved by the Shanghai Stock Exchange,
            and the Operation Qualification of STAR Market Securities Refinancing Business approved by the China Securities Finance Co., Ltd.,
            and CICC also became the Core Dealer of Credit Protection Contracts approved by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and a member
            of the China Banking Association in 2019. In 2020, CICC obtained the approval of the CSRC for pilot securities companies which
            supervise risk control indices on a consolidated basis, the qualification for conducting pilot fund investment advisory business, the
            lead underwriting qualification approved by the National Association of Financial Market, and the operation qualification of RMB
            currency trading business approved by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange and becoming a member of the interbank
            foreign exchange market, which have further improved the Group’s business layout.


            As the scope of business continues to expand, our Group has also actively ventured into overseas markets and has established
            offices in seven international financial centres, namely Hong Kong, New York, London, Singapore, San Francisco, Frankfurt and
            Tokyo with our international presence further strengthened. It laid a solid foundation for our Company to become a China-based
            global investment bank. Our Company was the first securities firm to obtain QDII qualification in 2007 and CICC US Securities was
            licensed by the US Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and the US Securities and Exchange Commission in the same year;
            CICC Singapore was licensed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore in 2008. In 2010, CICC UK was licensed by the UK Financial
            Services Authority. In 2011, CICC Hong Kong was among the first batch of securities companies to obtain approval to commence
            RQFII business under pilot scheme, CICC HK Futures obtained a license to operate the futures business, and CICC UK was qualified
            as a member of the London Stock Exchange. In 2012, CICC HK Securities obtained the license for leveraged foreign exchange
            trading during the same year. In 2013, CICC US Securities was qualified to operate its own research report issuance business, and
            CICC HK AM obtained QFII qualification. In 2016, the subsidiary of CICC Hong Kong obtained the qualification to be admitted to
            the national interbank bond market, and CICC HK Securities obtained qualification for the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect.
            In 2017, CICC HK Securities became the first batch of CCASS members to obtain the qualification for the Bond Connect. In 2018,
            CICC HK Securities became a member and a settlement participant of Astana International Exchange Limited. CICC UK obtained
            the qualification of serving as a UK cross-border global depositary receipt conversion institution under the Shanghai-London Stock
            Connect. In 2020, CICC Singapore obtained the stock trading membership from the Singapore Exchange.


            In recent years, our Group has focused on enhancing its core competitiveness, accelerating investments in innovative business,
            further developing its offshore business, endeavoring to realize a balanced principal business structure and striving to become a
            world renowned well-structured full-service financial institution.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                027




CORPORate ORGaNIZatION aNd stRuCtuRe

                                                                                                                 Strategy Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                            General Meeting of Shareholders

                                                                                          Remuneration Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Supervisory Committee                                                                                                            Office of the Supervisory Committee

                                                                                       Nomination and Corporate
                                                                                        Governance Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Board of Directors
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Board Office
                                                                                                                         Audit Committee

                                                                                     Risk Management Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Chief Executive Officer                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Internal Audit Department1

                                                                                          Related-Party Transaction
                                                                                             Control Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Management Committee




                                Investment Banking                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Asset Management                                                                                                                              Private Equity                                               Wealth Management                                                                                                                                                                                                               Functional Management
                                                                                                                               Equities Segment                                                              FICC Segment                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Research Segment
                                      Segment                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Segment                                                                                                                                     Segment                                                        Segment                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Departments




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Wealth Management Service Centre
                                                   Investment Banking Business and




                   Investment Banking Department                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Asset Management Department                                                                                                                                                       Wealth Management Department
                                                                                             Capital Market Department                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           CICC Fund Management
                                                                                                                                                            Securities Investment


                                                                                                                                      Equities Department                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Research Department                    CICC Global Institute
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        FICC Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           CICC Capital

                                                                                                                                                                 Department
                                                       Internal Audit Department




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               General Administration Department                                                                                                                                                                                              Asset Custody Services Department
              Financial Control Department                                                                                                                                                Risk Management Department2                 Public Relations Department   Entity and Process Department                                 Discipline Inspection Office                           Human Resources Department
                                                         Procurement Department
                                                                                            CPC Office/



                                                                                                                                                             Office of Risk Supervision
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Business Support and


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Operations Department
                                                                                                                             Legal and Compliance                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Strategic Development


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Treasury Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               IT Department                                                                                                                                                                                         CICC Institute                                                                                       Firm Office

                                                                                                                                  Department2                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Department
                                                                                     Party Building Department                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Coordination Department




Notes:

1.       The Internal Audit Department is independent of the business departments of our Company and will report directly to the Audit Committee under
         the Board.

2.       The Risk Management Department and the Legal and Compliance Department will report to the Management Committee in their daily work, and
         will report to the Risk Management Committee under the Board.
028   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Company Profile




      Major Honors
              Awarded in
                                                                                        2020
            since its incorporation in 1995, CICC has won honors and awards in events organized by
            domestic and foreign media and organizations: such as Best Investment Bank in China,
             Best sales service team and Most Influential Research Institution by leveraging on its
             profound and professional knowledge in economies, industries, laws and regulations,
               and quality customer services. Below is a list of awards that we obtained in 2020:



      awards sponsor: Finance asia                                         awards sponsor: IFR asia
      Country Awards 2020                                                  IFR Asia Awards 2020
      –     Mainland, China                                                –    Asian Bank of the Year
              Best Investment Bank                                         –    China Equity House
              Best ECM House                                               –    Best Equity Issue in Asia of the Year:
      –     Hong Kong, China (Chinese Financial Institutions)                   Alibaba Group’s US$12.9 billion Hong Kong
              Best Investment Bank                                              Secondary Listing
              Best ECM House                                               –    Best onshore Renminbi Bond in China of the Year:
      Achievement Awards 2020                                                   AIIB’s RMB3 billion Panda bond
      –     M&A Deal of the Year:
            PetroChina’s US$49.2 billion Sale of its Pipeline,             awards sponsor: Mergermarket
            Gas Storage and LNG Terminal Assets to PipeChina               China M&A Awards 2020
      –     Best Deal of China:                                            –    M&A Financial Adviser of the Year
            PetroChina’s US$49.2 billion Sale of its Pipeline,             –    Consumer M&A Financial Adviser of the Year
            Gas Storage and LNG Terminal Assets to PipeChina               –    M&A Deal of the Year:
                                                                                China Oil & Gas Pipeline Network Corporation
                                                                                (Buyer: PipeChina)
                                                                           –    Financial Services M&A Deal of the Year:
                                                                                Baoshang Bank (Buyer: Huishang Bank)
                                                                   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   029




awards sponsor: HK takung Wenwei                             China ABS Awards 2020
Golden Bauhinia Awards 2020                                  –     Best Firm for Securitization
–     Best Listed Companies                                  –     Best for CMBS
                                                             China Best Wealth Managers 2020
awards sponsor: Institutional Investor                       –     Best Securities House in Wealth Management
2020 All-Asia Executive Team (Banks Sector)                  Brokers Poll 2020
–     Best ESG (Buy-Side Rank 1)                             –     China (A&B Share)
2020 Global Fixed-Income Investor Relations (Financials/             Overall Combined Research & Sales
Banks Sector of Asia)                                                Best Local Brokerage
–     Best Investor Relations - Investment Grade (Rank 1)            Best for Overall Research
–     Best Use of Debt - Investment Grade (Rank 1)                   Best for Overall Sales
                                                                     Best for Corporate Access
awards sponsor: Institutional                                        Best for Execution
Investor & Caixin                                            –     China (H-share, Red chip & P-chip)
2020 All-China Research Team Awards                                  Best Local Brokerage
–     The All-China Best Research Team (ranked by teams)             Best for Overall Research
      Firm Leaders: Overall (Rank 1)                                 Best for Overall Sales
      Firm Leaders: Mainland China (Rank 1)                          Best for Corporate Access
      Firm Leaders: Rest of World (Rank 3)                           Best for Execution
–     The All-China Best Sales Team                          –     Hong Kong, China (Local Share)
      The Leaders: Overall (Rank 1)                                  Best Local Brokerage
      The Leaders: Mainland China (Rank 1)                           Best for Overall Research (Rank 2)
      The Leaders: Rest of World (Rank 3)                            Best for Overall Sales
                                                                     Best for Corporate Access
awards sponsor: asiamoney                                            Best for Execution
New Silk Road Finance Awards 2020
–     Best Research House for BRI                            awards sponsor: asian Private Banker
–     Best Chinese Bank in the Region for BRI                China Wealth Awards 2019
      (Southeast Asia)                                       –     Best Entrepreneur Services
–     Best Chinese Bank in the Region for BRI
      (Central and Eastern Europe & Central and West Asia)
030   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Company Profile




      awards sponsor: universum                                            awards sponsor: China securities Journal
      2020 China’s Most Attractive Employers Rankings                      Best Asset Management Products Awards 2019
      –      Top 1 of Investment Banks                                     –     Best Asset Management Institution of the Year
                                                                           –     Best Overseas Asset Management Institution of the
      awards sponsor: Mercer Marsh                                               Year
      Mercer China Healthiest Workplace Awards 2020                        –     Best Innovative Asset Management Plan of the Year:
      –      Top Healthiest Workplace                                            ICBC CICC USD MONEY MARKET ETF
                                                                           –     Best Two-year Asset Management Plan:
      awards sponsor: securities times                                           CICC Anxin Huibao, CICC Peizhi, CICC Xinrui
      Best Investment Bank & Brokerage House in China Awards 2020          Best Securities Company Awards 2020
      –      Best Full-Service Investment Bank                             –     Top 10 Best Securities Companies
      –      Best Investment Bank for SSE STAR Market                      –     Best Securities Companies for CSR
      –      Best Investment Bank for Main Board                           –     Best Wealth Management Team
      –      Best Brokerage House for Institutional Investor               –     Best Securities Companies for Fintech
      –      Best Deals of SSE STAR Market:                                –     Best Securities Companies for Culture Construction
             China Railway Signal & Communication IPO
      –      Best SME Board Deals:                                         awards sponsor: yICaI
             CGN Power IPO                                                 China Financial Value Ranking 2020
      –      Best Main Board Deals:                                        –     Investment Banker of the Year
             Postal Savings Bank of China IPO                                    Huang Zhaohui, CEO of CICC
      –      Best M&A Deals:                                               –     Chief Economist of the Year (Domestic)
             Yunnan Baiyao Merger with Baiyao Holdings                           Peng Wensheng, Chief Economist of CICC
      Best Wealth Management Institution in China Awards 2020
      –      Best Wealth Management Institution                            awards sponsor: New Fortune
      –      Best Investment Team of Equity Assets:                        13th Best Investment Bank in China Awards
             Equity Investment Team of CICC                                –     Best Investment Bank for IPO (Rank 1)
      Culture Construction Video Awards 2020 of Security & Fund Industry   –     Best Investment Bank for Overseas Market (Rank 1)
      –      Best Poverty Alleviation and Charity Team                     –     Best Investment Bank for TMT (Rank 1)
                                                                           –     Best Investment Bank for Medical Health Care (Rank 1)
                                                                           –     Best Investment Bank for STAR Market (Rank 2)
                                                                           –     Best Investment Bank for Innovation (Rank 2)
                                                                           –     Best Equity House (Rank 2)
                                                                           –     Best Bond House (Rank 3)
                                                                           –     Best Investment Bank in China (Rank 3)
                                                                           –     Best Investment Bank for M&A (Rank 3)
                                                                           –     Best Investment Bank for Refinancing (Rank 4)
                                                                     China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   031




–    Best IPO:                                                 awards sponsor: International
     PSBC (Rank 1)                                             Financial News
     China Zheshang Bank (Rank 2)                              International Pioneer Financial Institution Awards 2020
     CGN Power (Rank 3)                                        –     Best Securities Company for Asset Management
–    Best STAR Market IPO:                                     –     Best Institution for High-net-worth Clients Service
     China Railway Signal & Communication Corporation          CSR Pioneer Awards 2020
     (Rank 1)                                                  –     Best Enterprises for Charity Innovation
     Kingsoft Office (Rank 2)
     Montage Technology (Rank 3)                               awards sponsor: sina
–    Best Overseas Deals:                                      China ESG Golden Awards 2020
     Alibaba’s HK Listing (Rank 1)                             –     Best Securities Company for Responsible
     COFCO Property’s Acquisition of Joy City Property               Investment
     (Rank 2)
     Pinduoduo’s US Follow-on Offering (Rank 3)                awards sponsor: Wind
–    Best Follow-on:                                           Wind Best Investment Bank Award 2019
     BOC’s Non-public Offering of Preferred Shares (Rank 1)    –     Best Equity Underwriter
     ICBC’s Non-public Offering of Preferred Shares (Rank 2)   –     Best IPO Underwriter
–    Best Corporate Bond:                                      –     Best Refinancing Underwriter
     CREC’s 2019 Corporate Bond (Rank 2)                       –     Best Preferred Shares Underwriter
–    Best Convertible Bond:                                    –     Best Bond Underwriter
     CMET’s Convertible Bond (Rank 3)                          –     Best Credit Bond Underwriter
–    Best ABS:                                                       (Investment Bank Category)
     Jianyuan 2019-11 RMBS (Rank 1)                            –     Best Corporate Bond Underwriter
                                                               –     Best Financial Bond Underwriter
awards sponsor: Caijing                                              (Investment Bank Category)
Evergreen Awards 2019                                          –     Best ABS Underwriter
–    Best for Sustainable Development and Green                –     Best Corporate ABS Underwriter
     Initiative                                                –     Best ABN Underwriter
                                                               –     Best Credit ABS Underwriter
awards sponsor: tencent                                              Best Convertible Bond Underwriter
China Benefit Corporation Award 2020
–    Best Charity Award
032   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Company Profile




      awards sponsor: Zero2IPO Group                                       awards sponsor: China Venture
      China Venture Capital & Private Equity Ranking 2020                  CV Awards 2019
      –     Top 100 Best PE Institutions in China:                         –      Top 50 Best Domestic PE Institutions:
            CICC Capital (Rank 5)                                                 CICC Capital (Rank 3)
      –     Top 10 Best Equity Investment Institutions of                  –      Top 10 Best PE Investment Institutions of
            Investment Bank in China: CICC Capital (Rank 1)                       Investment Bank in China: CICC Capital (Rank 2)
      –     Top 10 Best Investment Institutions for Science and            CV Limited Partner Awards 2020
            Technology Innovation enterprises in China: CICC               –      Top 20 Most Favored PE Institutions for LP:
            Capital                                                               CICC Capital (Rank 3)
      –     Top 10 Best PE Investors in China: SHAN Junbao,                –      Top 20 Most Favored PE Institutions for GP:
            CEO of CICC Capital                                                   CICC Capital (Rank 4)
      –     Top 30 Best Institutions on Internet/Mobile Internet
            Investment in China: CICC Capital                              awards sponsor: China FoF alliance
      –     Top 30 Best Institutions on Health Care Investment             China FoF Award 2020
            in China: CICC Capital                                         –      Top 10 Best Chinese Equity Investment Institutions
      –     Ten Billion Club in China’s Equity Investment Market:                 for Fighting Against COVID-19:
            CICC Capital                                                          CICC Capital
      –     Top 10 Lead Underwriters of Domestic Listing of                –      Top 30 Best Return FOF Managers:
            Chinese Enterprises (Supported by VC/PR) (Rank 2)                     CICC Capital (Rank 1)
      –     Top 10 Lead Underwriters of Overseas Listing of                –      Top 30 Best Return PE Institutions:
            Chinese Enterprises (Supported by VC/PR): CICC HK                     CICC Capital (Rank 3)
            (Rank 3)
                                                                           awards sponsor: Caixin
                                                                           China PE/VC Awards 2019-2020
                                                                           –      Top 20 Best PE Institutions in China: CICC Capital


                                                                           awards sponsor: China aBs Forum
                                                                           Frontiers Awards 2020
                                                                           –      Best Plan Manager & Underwriter of the Year
                                                                           –      Special Contribution Institutions of the year


                                                                           awards sponsor: World artificial
                                                                           Intelligence Conference Committee
                                                                           Best Viewer’s Choice Award for WAIC 2020




                                                                           Note: As of the Latest Practicable Date March 25, 2021
                                                                               China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report          033



Summary of Accounting Data and
Financial Indicators

I.   MaJOR aCCOuNtING data aNd FINaNCIaL INdICatORs
                                                                                              Change
     Items                                                    2020             2019       year-on-year           2018            2017             2016

     Operating results(1) (RMB in million)
     Total revenue and other income                       32,401.8         22,782.5             42.2%        18,539.7        15,260.2           8,941.3
     Total expenses                                       23,656.4         17,541.3             34.9%        14,270.9        11,729.7           6,667.2
     Profit before income tax                              8,712.7           5,301.6            64.3%          4,387.3         3,601.0          2,329.7
     Net profit attributable to shareholders of            7,207.5           4,238.7            70.0%          3,492.2         2,766.3          1,820.3
       the Company
     Net cash (used in)/generated from
       operating activities                               (33,738.7)       (27,657.8)           22.0%        11,056.1        (30,484.5)       (10,098.0)
     Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)                    1.598            0.990             61.4%           0.830           0.760            0.764
                                                                                          Increased by
                                                                                        3.9 percentage
     Weighted average return on net assets                   13.5%             9.6%             points           8.8%            8.8%            10.7%


                                                     December 31,      December 31,           Change     December 31,    December 31,     December 31,
     Items                                                    2020             2019       year-on-year           2018            2017             2016

     Financial position (RMB in million)
     Total assets                                        521,620.5        344,971.2             51.2%       275,420.5       237,811.9        101,948.5
     Total liabilities                                   449,805.4        296,439.7             51.7%       233,043.8       200,919.5         83,451.7
     Total equity attributable to shareholders of         71,634.9         48,293.8             48.3%        42,183.5        36,706.7         18,446.9
        the Company
     Accounts payable to brokerage clients and
       to underwriting clients                            70,655.2         52,815.4             33.8%        41,317.9        47,346.5         17,392.4
     Total share capital (in million shares)               4,827.3           4,368.7            10.5%          4,192.7         3,985.1          2,306.7
     Net assets per share attributable to
       shareholders of the Company (RMB/share)                13.8             10.8             27.5%              9.8             9.0              7.6
                                                                                          Increased by
                                                                                        0.7 percentage
     Gearing ratio                                           84.1%            83.4%             point           81.9%           80.6%            78.1%


     (1)      Our Group had included CISC (now known as CICC Wealth Management) in our consolidated financial statements since March 31, 2017, and
              therefore the Group’s operating results for 2017 consolidated the corresponding amounts of CICC Wealth Management for the period from
              April 1, 2017 to December 31, 2017, and the Group’s operating results for 2018, 2019 and 2020 consolidated the corresponding amounts of
              CICC Wealth Management for the years from January 1, 2018 to December 31, 2018, from January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2019 and from
              January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020, respectively.
034   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Summary of Accounting Data and
      Financial Indicators



      Total revenue and other income                                          Net profit attributable to shareholders of
      RMB in million                                                          the Company
                                                                              RMB in million
                                                                                                                                           7,207.5
                                                                  32,401.8




                                                       22,782.5
                                                                                                                                4,238.7
                                            18,539.7
                                                                                                                     3,492.2
                                 15,260.2
                                                                                                          2,766.3

                       8,941.3                                                                 1,820.3




                        2016       2017      2018       2019        2020                        2016       2017       2018        2019      2020



      Weighted average return on net assets                                   Gearing ratio
                                                                   13.5%

                                                                                                                     81.9%       83.4%     84.1%
                                                                                               78.1%      80.6%
                       10.7%
                                                        9.6%
                                   8.8%      8.8%




                        2016       2017      2018       2019       2020                         2016       2017       2018       2019       2020



      Total assets                                                            Total equity attributable to shareholders of
      RMB in million                                                          the Company
                                                                              RMB in million
                                                                  521,620.5                                                                71,634.9




                                                       344,971.2                                                                48,293.8
                                                                                                                     42,183.5
                                            275,420.5
                                                                                                          36,706.7
                                 237,811.9



                                                                                               18,446.9
                       101,948.5




                         2016      2017       2018       2019       2020                        2016       2017       2018        2019       2020
                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   035




II.   dIFFeReNCes OF aCCOuNtING data uNdeR dOMestIC aNd FOReIGN aCCOuNtING
      staNdaRds
      In terms of our Group’s consolidated net profits for 2020 and 2019 and the consolidated net assets as of December 31, 2020
      and December 31, 2019, there’s no difference between the data presented in the consolidated financial statements prepared in
      accordance with IFRSs and that presented in the consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with CASs.


III. Net CaPItaL aNd ReLeVaNt RIsK CONtROL INdICatORs
      As of December 31, 2020, the net capital of the Company amounted to RMB46,601.7 million, representing an increase of 62.4% as
      compared with RMB28,702.0 million as of December 31, 2019. In 2020, our Company’s net capital and other risk control indicators
      all met regulatory requirements.


                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB in million


      Items                                                                           December 31, 2020             December 31, 2019

      Core net capital                                                                            31,851.7                     19,134.7
      Supplementary net capital                                                                   14,750.0                      9,567.3
      Net capital                                                                                 46,601.7                     28,702.0
      Net assets                                                                                  60,320.0                     40,885.3
      Total risk capital reserves                                                                 28,613.2                     21,663.2
      Total on-and-off-balance-sheet assets                                                      221,768.0                    182,810.8
      Risk coverage ratio                                                                          162.9%                       132.5%
      Capital leverage ratio                                                                         14.4%                        10.5%
      Liquidity coverage ratio                                                                     248.6%                       251.9%
      Net stable funding ratio                                                                     125.0%                       128.8%
      Net capital/net assets                                                                         77.3%                        70.2%
      Net capital/liabilities                                                                        22.7%                        24.7%
      Net assets/liabilities                                                                         29.4%                        35.1%
      Equity securities and related derivatives held/net capital                                     45.6%                        44.9%
      Non-equity securities and related derivatives held/net capital                               278.5%                       290.1%
Management
Discussion
and Analysis
038   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      I.    CORPORate stRateGIes aNd OPeRatIONs                             flexible monetary policies by accurately adjusting its policy
                                                                            magnitude, pace and focus in light of actual economic
            Market environment
                                                                            conditions. This approach helped maintain financial
            China continued to reform and open up its financial             stability, support economic recovery, and keep the interest
            sector in 2020. The country strengthened the coordination       rate spread between renminbi and foreign currencies in
            among financial regulators and further improved the             a proper range, making renminbi assets more attractive.
            macro prudential management framework. Meanwhile,               Meanwhile, the financial industry relinquished RMB1.5
            implementation of opening-up measures accelerated in            trillion in profits to the real economy, achieving the full-
            the financial sector. In response to impacts from COVID-19,     year target for 2020.
            China’s macro policies became more counter-cyclical,
            and the country’s macro leverage ratio rose markedly. We        The financial industry has provided increasing support
            believe regulators’ top priorities in 2021 will still include   to the real economy, especially in critical areas related to
            strengthening financial regulation to prevent systemic          China’s national strategy, inclusive finance, technological
            financial risks, and adherence to the principle that “houses    innovation and green development. At a regular
            are for living in, not for speculation”. Supporting the real    convention held in 4Q20, the PBOC’s Monetary Policy
            economy will remain the primary goal of the financial           Committee highlighted a wide range of initiatives,
            industry, in our view.                                          including development of systems and mechanisms for the
                                                                            financial industry’s effective support to the real economy,
            China further advanced capital market reforms in 2020.          as well as improved financial support for innovations in
            Reform initiatives include the pilot registration-based         the form of complete funding systems for innovations
            IPO system and other reforms in the ChiNext market, the         and value chains. The Committee called for positive
            official launch of the NEEQ Select market, revisions to         interactions and constructive cycles among financial,
            the compilation rules for the Shanghai Stock Exchange           technological and industrial sectors, and urged financial
            Composite Index, adjustments to rules for delisting and         institutions to provide more medium-to long-term loans
            follow-on equity placement, as well as introduction             to manufacturing industries. In addition, the regulator
            of pilot infrastructure REITs. From a medium-to long-           stated that the financial industry should provide private
            term perspective, we believe rapid development and              businesses with adequate support that matches their
            opening-up of China’s capital market will continue, while       contribution to China’s economic and social development.
            fundamental market systems and the quality of listed            The regulator also stressed the importance of an improved
            companies will further improve. This presents golden            “green” financial system, which should help China achieve
            opportunities for strategic development of the securities       its goal for carbon neutrality following the peaking of the
            industry, in our view.                                          country’s carbon emissions.


            The unexpected COVID-19 outbreak in early 2020 dealt a          China continued to work on the prevention, mitigation
            heavy blow to China and the global economy. As a result,        and removal of major financial risks. The government
            central banks around the world reverted to expansionary         encouraged companies to lower their financial leverage
            policies and began to slash interest rates. Benchmark           via market-based debt-to-equity swaps. In particular, state-
            interest rates fell to zero or even became negative in a        owned enterprises have been urged to reduce their debt to
            number of developed economies. However, the People’s            asset ratios. The financial industry has been asked to assist
            Bank of China took a rather prudent approach and adopted        local governments to reduce and remove their hidden
                                                                China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report    039




debts. While the financing activities of local governments            of the world, and greater certainty in fundamentals and
are subject to strict regulation, they have received support          policies. In addition, the strengthening renminbi and a
for bond issuance, which should help improve their debt               high interest rate spread between China and the US may
structures. High risks in troubled financial institutions,            also attract capital flows into China. In contrast, most
including Baoshang Bank, Hengfeng Bank, and Bank of                   economies around the world are still struggling with low
Jinzhou, have been methodically dealt with and mitigated.             interest rates and low growth rates due to their failures to
In accordance with relevant laws, regulators took over                bring COVID-19 under control.
nine financial institutions: Tianan Property Insurance Co.,
Ltd., Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd., Tianan Life Insurance          Landscape of securities Industry
Co., Ltd., Yi An Property & Casualty Insurance Co., Ltd., New
                                                                      The securities industry became more profitable as
Times Trust Co., Ltd., New China Trust Co., Ltd., New Times
                                                                      performance of China’s capital market continued
Securities, Guosheng Securities, and Guosheng Futures.
                                                                      to improve in 2020. Key market indicators rose across
Financial institutions have been urged to step up their
                                                                      the board, with the CSI 300 Index and ChiNext Index up
efforts to deal with non-performing assets. Regulators have
                                                                      27.2% and 65.0% respectively. The A-share market’s daily
strived to methodically remove implicit guarantees for
                                                                      average turnover grew 63.0% YoY to RMB847.8 billion,
redemption in the bond market, and have introduced new
                                                                      while the year-end balance of margin trading/short selling
tools and better mechanisms to handle bond defaults.
                                                                      rose to RMB1.6 trillion, up 58.8% from the amount at the
                                                                      beginning of the year. As a result, the securities industry’s
Despite the unexpected COVID-19 outbreak in 2020, China
                                                                      profitability further improved. Multiple securities firms
continued to open up the border of its financial markets
                                                                      replenished their capital, and the industry’s leverage ratio
to both domestic and overseas investors at an accelerating
                                                                      rose steadily due to growing assets in both investment
pace. In September, CSRC, PBOC and SAFE jointly issued
                                                                      business and financing for clients. As for performance of
new rules on QFII and RQFII, which further lowered the
                                                                      various business lines, we believe brokerage income and
domestic market’s entry barrier for overseas investors
                                                                      interest from margin trading/short selling should have
and expanded the scope of financial products. Moreover,
                                                                      grown significantly thanks to upbeat trading sentiment
the large-scale and frequent quota expansions were
                                                                      in the market. As China expanded the pilot registration-
unprecedented since 2018, and well illustrated China’s
                                                                      based IPO reform and eased restrictions on follow-on
strong confidence and firm resolution to further open
                                                                      equity placement, the income from investment banking
up financial markets. Fund flows between domestic and
                                                                      business continued to rise robustly, driven by strong
overseas financial markets became more active in 2020.
                                                                      volume growth in IPOs/follow-on equity placement
The total northbound fund inflows under the Shanghai/
                                                                      and moderate increases in bond financing. Despite a
Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect schemes remained
                                                                      decline in the total amount of assets under management,
quite high at RMB208.9 billion in 2020, although the level
                                                                      performance of asset management business began to
in 2019 was higher at RMB351.7 billion. Southbound fund
                                                                      improve in 2020 as solid growth of active management has
flows were even stronger and totaled almost RMB600
                                                                      effectively offset negative impacts from the “elimination of
billion in 2020, 2.7 times as much as the amount in 2019.
                                                                      channel business”. Meanwhile, securities firms’ investment
Looking ahead, we believe Chinese assets will become
                                                                      business remained stable as stock markets rose while bond
more attractive to overseas investors and capital inflow
                                                                      markets fluctuated. The structure of investment income
will increase, thanks to China’s effective pandemic
                                                                      and its contribution to total revenue have both diverged
containment, faster work resumption ahead of the rest
                                                                      significantly among securities firms.
040   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis



            The securities industry’s competitive landscape is             We believe China’s reform and opening-up of the
            improving thanks to further reforms in the capital             capital market, coupled with the country’s switch to
            market, the regulator’s favorable policies for strong          a new development pattern and substantial changes
            players and restrictions on poor performers, as well           in Chinese households’ asset allocation, will pave the
            as disparities in development strategies adopted               way for the rise of strong China-based international
            by different securities firms. Rapid development of            investment banks. Development of the capital market has
            the capital market leads to strong volume growth and           its roots in the real economy. In the “14th Five-Year Plan”
            business upgrades in the securities industry, presenting       period, China will accelerate the construction of a new
            securities firms with golden opportunities for business        development pattern that features domestic circulation
            expansion. On the other hand, capital market reforms           as the mainstay and the mutual reinforcement between
            have raised proportions of institutional and international     domestic circulation and international circulation. We
            investors, prompting securities firms to differentiate their   believe this will provide solid support for the country’s
            development strategies from competitors’ so as to grow         efforts to further reform the capital market and expand
            larger and stronger. Leading securities firms have been        the proportion of direct financing. For the securities
            strengthening their competitive advantages in a wide           industry, capital market reforms will provide sustained
            range of areas, such as business transformation to develop     policy benefits that may lead to more active trading in the
            wealth management, improvement of integrated service           near term, help securities firms expand operations and
            capabilities for institutional clients, and development of     upgrade business models in the medium-to long-term, and
            active asset management business. Under the registration-      enhance the systemic importance of the securities industry
            based IPO system, leading securities firms are also            in the long run. We believe that sustained capital inflow
            sharpening their competitive edge in comprehensive             into China’s capital market and accelerating expansion of
            investment banking businesses and the combination of           financial assets in household asset allocation will provide
            investment banking with related businesses backed by           fresh liquidity support for the high-quality development
            their capital base. Therefore, we believe leading securities   of the capital market, in which direct financing will be
            firms’ business growth will outpace the industry average,      the primary financing approach. Moreover, the capital
            driving up the industry’s concentration ratio. Looking         market will also benefit from the expanding proportion
            ahead, we believe leading securities firms can maintain        of medium-to long-term investment thanks to the strong
            and strengthen their competitive advantages by building        growth of professional asset management institutions.
            financial ecosystems centered around client demand,            Therefore, we see golden opportunities for strategic
            spending more on technology advancement and platform           development of China’s securities industry, and look
            construction, and developing integrated business models        forward to the rise of first-class China-based international
            along the whole value chain to create entry barriers.          investment banks.
                                                                        China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   041




      development strategies
      Looking into the future, a new round of deep reform and opening up of China’s economy and capital market will provide
      unprecedented historical opportunities for CICC to achieve leapfrog development. In line with our medium and long-term
      development goals, we will strive to increase the market share, expand the revenue size, and accelerate our pace to become a
      first-class international investment bank.


      Business Plans
      2021 will be a critical year for CICC to deepen strategic implementation and digital transformation. The Company will focus on the
      “Three + One” strategic deployment of “digitization, regionalization and internationalization” and “One CICC”, and strive to reach a
      higher stage of development in both scale and quality by increasing resource investment, improving network layout, accelerating
      transformation and development, consolidating the middle and back-end capability.


II.   aNaLysIs OF CORe COMPetItIVeNess
      (I)   Premier Brand
            Our Company has established a premier brand in the financial services industry. Since the inception, our Company has drawn
            on advanced management model of world-class investment banks and combined with best practices in China, and has
            always adhered to the business philosophy of “By the People and For the Nation, Professionalism and Diligence, Innovation
            and Entrepreneurship, Clients First, and Integrity”, which won us a market reputation at home and abroad. For years, while
            maintaining high-standard practices, our Company has actively participated in reforms and system construction of the capital
            market to stimulate business innovation. Our Company maintained leading positions in many businesses for years, and was
            honored numerous awards as the best player in China.


            Our Company regarded the brand cultivation and cultural building as key measures to continuously enhance our market
            leading position. Leveraging our franchise and core values of professionalism, entrepreneurship and pursuing excellence,
            our Company continued to attract outstanding talents and new clients, expand our business scope and capture important
            business opportunities while maintaining the stability of existing employees and clients.


      (II) High-quality Client Base
            Our Company has explored an extensive and profound client base with high quality. Relying on our excellent service
            quality and professional service capabilities, our Company has formed a profound client base covering a wide range of
            large-sized enterprises, high-quality emerging growth companies, professional institutional investors and growing wealth
            management clients that play important roles in the national economy and capital market. Our Company can provide our
            clients with complicated, diversified and high-quality business services through our integrated and customized cross-border
            platform. Our Company have developed long-term cooperation with clients and are dedicated to providing them with a
            comprehensive suite of products and services.
042   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




            (III) Forward-Looking and Balanced Business structure
                  Our Company has established our business structure from a forward-looking prospective based on our insight into
                  development trends of global capital markets. With the accelerating process of internationalization and institutionalization
                  of the capital market in recent years, a large number of traditional channel businesses are facing tremendous pressure. As
                  such, in line with the trend of “internationalization”, “institutionalization” and “productization”, our Company continued to
                  enhance overall capabilities and embark on a new track in advance, with the aim to promote the sustainable development
                  of emerging businesses related to the science and technology innovation board, prime brokerage business, cross-border
                  business, asset management business and wealth management business.


            (IV) Outstanding Cross-border Capability
                  Capitalizing on our distinct international DNA and first mover advantage in pursuing international strategy, our Company
                  has formed outstanding cross-border business capabilities with a leading position in the cross-border arena, thus proactively
                  playing our role in serving cross-border capital transactions and promoting the mutual opening of financial markets.


                  In terms of international presence, our Company has established overseas operations and business activities in seven
                  financial centres across Hong Kong, New York, London, Singapore, San Francisco, Frankfurt and Tokyo, which are managed
                  by respective business lines vertically, so as to fully mobilize domestic and overseas resources including research, people and
                  products, thus providing one-stop cross-border services for our clients. The seamless connection among our domestic and
                  overseas businesses equipped our teams with both domestic and overseas business experience. The substantial majority
                  of members of our investment banking and research teams have obtained qualifications for domestic businesses and
                  businesses in several overseas regions.


                  In terms of cross-border business, our Company has been serving the “introduction” and “going global” needs of industrial
                  capital and financial capital, which enabled us to enjoy certain advantages in businesses such as overseas IPOs for PRC-based
                  companies, offshore bond offerings, and cross-border mergers and acquisitions, to sustain strong growth in emerging
                  businesses such as cross-border transactions and the Connect business and to maintain the leading market in terms of
                  transaction volume of the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect business, thereby
                  strengthening the influence of PRC-based institutions in the international market. In addition, our Company continued to
                  enhance cross-border business capabilities and international presence through the acquisition of Krane Funds Advisors in
                  the United States.


            (V) Leading and Influential Research
                  Research is an important foundation for our business. Our talented and experienced international research team has
                  provided objective, independent, prudent and professional research services for domestic and overseas clients through our
                  research platform covering the global markets. With in-depth understanding, thorough analysis and unique insights into
                  Chinese companies and industries, our research team has won the Company a reputation as the “China Expert”.


                  Our research capabilities have been widely recognized by influential international institutions. These included the “No.
                  1 Overall Country Research for China” in the Asiamoney Brokers Poll, which marked the 15th consecutive year of our
                  championship in this poll from 2006 to 2020. We were also named the “No.1 The All-China Best Research Team” by
                  Institutional Investor for nine consecutive years from 2012 to 2020.
                                                                China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   043




(VI) experienced Management and High-quality Workforce
    Our Company has a senior management team with global perspectives and entrepreneurship, and a high-quality workforce
    with full licenses at home and abroad.


    Rooted in our international DNA, most members of our senior management team have work experience in domestic and
    overseas financial institutions with global perspectives. Meantime, they have experienced the main development course and
    multiple cycles of China’s securities industry, and are equipped with rich experience and profound understanding regarding
    domestic and overseas capital markets and the securities markets. Riding on the concept of “Chinese Roots and International
    Reach”, our senior management team has constantly combined advanced management experience with the practices of
    China’s financial reform, and took the lead in developing new products and vigorously exploring new markets.


    Our excellent brand and high-quality platforms enabled us to recruit the best graduates from top domestic and overseas
    universities, providing the best talents for our domestic and overseas branches. Our sound staff development and training
    system have provided comprehensive and systematic training for employees at different levels and positions, thereby
    continuously enhancing professional capabilities of our workforce and equipping them with practice capabilities to obtain
    full licenses. Meanwhile, riding on the advanced international experience, our Company has developed advanced talent
    selection and cultivation mechanism combining incentives in line with market benchmarks, thereby maintaining a large
    number of outstanding talents to support the long-term sustainable development of our Company. Through the above
    measures, we have developed high-quality workforce to support our rapid, healthy and sustainable development.


(VII) efficient Management Model and Prudent Risk Management Mechanism
    Our Company has established an efficient and reasonable management model and a comprehensive and prudent risk
    management mechanism. Since establishment, our Company has adhered to the concept of combining best international
    practices with the actual conditions of China, formulated a full set of governance structure and management procedures in
    line with international standards, and established a vertical management model covering business operations and internal
    control of the Company to ensure efficient and effective management. At the same time, our Company has always adhered
    to and continuously strengthened the “all staff, whole process, full coverage and penetrating” risk control compliance
    system and operating mechanism, through which the parent company can conduct integrated vertical management over
    domestic and overseas subsidiaries and branches, and the same business and the same client can be subject to unified risk
    management. Therefore, our Company has formed centralized and effective business management and risk control, and
    unified decision-making, management and resources allocation, thus ensuring the smooth and orderly development of our
    business and the stable operation of our risk control system.
044   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




            (VIII) advanced Information technology Capabilities
                  We consider information technology as a core component of our competitiveness. We have a sound IT governance structure
                  and the industry-leading independent research and development capabilities. Our Company has developed three basic
                  technology systems regarding basic transactions, products and services, and risk control and operation management, to
                  provide complicated whole-process and end-to-end financial products and services for clients and various business units
                  as well as global support of comprehensive business operation and management capabilities. Our Company has adopted
                  self-developed and industry-leading core business systems and platforms with stable operation.


                  The Company will continue to promote our business development based on information technologies. With the continuous
                  advancement of information technologies in recent years, our Company has also increased capital investment in and
                  attached importance to talent training and capacity building, continued to optimize our organizational structure and
                  operating model, and proactively researched and explored the application of new technologies in various business areas
                  of investment banks, so as to promote the integration of businesses and technologies. Capitalizing on the advantages
                  brought by the booming development of China’s financial technologies, we have actively carried out strategic cooperation
                  with China’s leading technology companies to develop new products, businesses and models with data and technology.
                  In September 2019, our Company announced the proposal to establish a joint venture financial technology company,
                  Jinteng Technology, with Tencent in China. As such, we can provide more convenient, intelligent and differentiated wealth
                  management solutions, enhance the service efficiency of investment consultants, optimize precision marketing and drive the
                  accelerated transformation and scalable development of the Company’s wealth management business. Jinteng Technology
                  started operation in September, 2020.


      III. aNaLysIs OF PRINCIPaL BusINess
            INVestMeNt BaNKING
            equity Financing
            Market environment
            In 2020, a total of 399 A-share IPOs were completed, with an aggregate financing size of approximately RMB472.7 billion,
            representing a year-on-year increase of 86.5%; a total of 318 A-share follow-on offerings were completed, with an aggregate
            financing size of approximately RMB600.4 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 297.7%.


            In the Hong Kong primary market, a total of 145 Hong Kong IPOs were completed, with an aggregate financing size of
            approximately US$51.6 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 28.0%; in terms of follow-on offerings and selldowns, a total
            of 279 transactions were closed with an aggregate amount of approximately US$44.1 billion, representing a year-on-year increase
            of 165.7%.


            In the U.S. primary market, a total of 37 US IPOs of PRC-based companies were completed, with an aggregate financing size of
            approximately US$14.0 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 251.3%. A total of 60 US follow-on offerings and selldowns
            of PRC-based companies were completed, with an aggregate trading size of approximately US$24.0 billion, representing a
            year-on-year increase of 183.3%.
                                                                          China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   045




actions and achievements
In 2020, our Company closed a total of 32 A-share IPOs acting as the lead underwriter, with an aggregate lead underwriting
amount of RMB62.4 billion, ranking No.2 in the market. The Company closed a total of 19 A-share refinancing projects acting as the
lead underwriter, with an aggregate lead underwriting amount of RMB40.4 billion, ranking No.4 in the market.


In 2020, the Company sponsored a total of 13 Hong Kong IPOs acting as the sponsor, with an aggregate amount of US$5.4 billion,
ranking No.2 in the market; the Company closed a total of 29 Hong Kong IPOs acting as the global coordinator, with an aggregate
lead underwriting amount of US$6.2 billion, ranking first in the market; the Company also closed a total of 33 Hong Kong IPOs
acting as the bookrunner, with an aggregate lead underwriting amount of US$4.0 billion, ranking first in the market. In 2020, the
Company closed 22 transactions of follow-on offerings and selldowns for Hong Kong stocks acting as the lead bookrunner, with an
aggregate lead underwriting amount of US$2.8 billion, ranking No.6 in the market.


In 2020, the Company closed a total of 7 US IPOs of PRC-based companies acting as the lead bookrunner, with an aggregate lead
underwriting amount of US$1.3 billion, ranking No.5 in the market. In 2020, the Company closed 6 US follow-on offerings and
selldowns of PRC-based companies acting as the lead bookrunner, with an aggregate lead underwriting amount of US$3.0 billion,
ranking No.4 in the market.


                                                                       2020                                         2019
                                                    Lead underwriting               Number of       Lead underwriting          Number of
Items                                                            amount                 offerings             amount              offerings
A Shares                                                (RMB in million)                              (RMB in million)
IPOs                                                               62,417                     32                40,262                  18
Follow-on offerings                                                40,433                     19                 7,830                   6
Preference shares offerings                                              0                     0                38,125                   5


                                                                       2020                                         2019
                                                    Lead underwriting               Number of       Lead underwriting          Number of
Items                                                            amount                 offerings             amount              offerings
Hong Kong equity offerings                              (USD in million)                               (USD in million)
IPOs                                                                4,006                     33                 4,201                  30
Follow-on offerings                                                 2,821                     22                 1,373                  10


                                                                       2020                                         2019
                                                    Lead underwriting               Number of       Lead underwriting          Number of
Items                                                            amount                 offerings             amount              offerings
U.S. equity offerings by PRC-based
companies                                               (USD in million)                               (USD in million)
IPOs                                                                1,303                      7                   422                  10
Follow-on offerings                                                 3,001                      6                   316                   1


Source:    Company statistics; Wind for A-share market, Dealogic for overseas market;

Note:      Domestic follow-on offerings include private placement, public placement and allotment; follow-on offerings for Hong Kong stock
           market and PRC-based U.S. stock market include placement, allotment, and block trade sell down.
046   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




            Outlook for 2021                                               pandemic, recovery of economic fundamentals and
                                                                           tightening monetary policies in China, as well as the
            In 2021, the Company will continue to serve major national
                                                                           upward fluctuation of interest rates due to the negative
            strategies, and give full play to our unique advantages
                                                                           impact of bond risk events in the third and fourth quarters
            to comprehensively promote the sound development of
                                                                           on market sentiment, the growth of bond financing
            investment banking business. We will increase the breadth
                                                                           slowed down. The size of domestic credit bond issuance
            and depth of customer coverage from multiple dimensions
                                                                           was approximately RMB19.1 trillion in 2020, representing
            and deepen our presence in emerging industries, build
                                                                           a year-on-year increase of 29.0%. In the offshore market,
            our pipeline so as to establish a leading position in the
                                                                           due to the liquidity crisis of US dollars and the panic
            industry, and increase our market share and ranking.
                                                                           sentiment in the market caused by the global COVID-19
            We will also implement our regional strategies with
                                                                           pandemic in the first quarter of 2020, the new overseas
            focus on the Yangtze River Delta, the Greater Bay Area,
                                                                           debt capital raising amount of PRC-based companies
            Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Region, the Yangtze River Economic
                                                                           decreased significantly. Since the second quarter, with the
            Belt and the Chengdu-Chongqing economic circle, thus
                                                                           periodic improvement of the pandemic and the economic
            firmly expanding our regional presence. Meantime, in order
                                                                           recovery in many countries, intensified easing monetary
            to accelerate the development of cross-border businesses,
                                                                           policies around the world and the restoration of investors’
            we will further increase the coverage of large multinational
                                                                           risk sentiments, the overseas debt capital raising activities
            companies, pay attention to and capture thematic
                                                                           of PRC-based companies gradually picked up. In 2020,
            opportunities in the context of changing international
                                                                           the overseas debt capital raising amount of PRC-based
            situation, and continue to strengthen the coverage of
                                                                           companies amounted to approximately US$232.1 billion,
            customers in international regions such as the Belt and
                                                                           representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.4%.
            Road regions, Japan and South Korea.

                                                                           actions and achievements
            debt and structured Financing
                                                                           In 2020, the Group closed a total of 821 fixed income
            Market environment
                                                                           transactions, representing a year-on-year increase of 52.0%.
            In the domestic market, due to the impact of COVID-19          Among them, 696 onshore bond underwriting transactions
            outbreak in early 2020, domestic interest rates declined       amounted to approximately RMB654.1 billion, and 125
            driven by monetary policies, and the scale of bond             offshore bond underwriting transactions amounted to
            financing increased significantly on demand and supply         approximately US$7.0 billion.
            factors. In the middle of 2020, with the easing of the
                                                                  China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report     047




In 2020, CICC continued to promote strategic product                    rights ABS in the market, and completed the bad
innovation, international presence, regional strategy and               asset-backed securities for TECO which was the first bad
digital transformation, and proactively built presence in               asset-backed securities of a non-bank financial institution.
publicly-offered REITs business. CICC ranked No. 4 among                In terms of offshore products, CICC was the only PRC-based
securities firms in terms of onshore bond offering amount.              investment bank participating in the issuance of foreign
In terms of financial bonds, CICC ranked No.1 in the size               currency sovereign bonds by the Ministry of Finance of
of perpetual bond issuance to financial institutions. As                China acting as the lead underwriter and bookrunner for
for asset-backed securities business, CICC ranked No.2                  4 consecutive years. In addition, CICC assisted the Paris
in the market in terms of the underwriting amount                       Branch of Bank of China in issuing the first blue bonds
of asset-backed securities, and leading the market in                   in the Asia-Pacific region, and assisted Pirelli in issuing
several market segments including CMBS, RMBS, and                       overseas convertible bonds with an amount of EUR500
non-performing loan ABS, maintaining our advantage in                   million.
China’s market of innovative structured financing business.
In terms of offshore bonds, CICC’s underwriting size                    Outlook for 2021
continued to increase, ranking No.2 among PRC-based
                                                                        In 2021, our Company will intensify business activities in all
securities companies in terms of the overseas debt
                                                                        kinds of asset securitization and supplement professionals
capital raising amount of PRC-based companies and No.1
                                                                        in key areas; continue to promote the breadth and depth
among PRC-based securities companies in terms of the
                                                                        of cross-selling of fixed income products, and expand
underwriting amount of investment-grade USD bond
                                                                        means of customer services based on the types of key
offerings by PRC-based issuers.
                                                                        products. The Company will also enhance risk awareness
                                                                        and comprehensively improve quality control of fixed
In terms of product innovation and milestone deals, CICC
                                                                        income underwriting business, so as to enhance our deal
assisted the AIIB in its first RMB financing in China, assisted
                                                                        sourcing and execution capabilities.
the Agricultural Bank of China in issuing the first small and
micro financial bond related to pandemic prevention and
control among large state-owned banks, assisted Orient
Asset Management in issuing the first non-fixed term
capital bond of a non-bank financial institution, completed
the IDC infrastructure revenue rights ABS for Sino-Ocean
UNIQloud which was the first new infrastructure revenue
048   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




            Financial advisory services
            Market environment
            In 2020, according to statistics of Dealogic, 5,155 mergers and acquisitions (“M&A”) were announced on China’s M&A market with
            an aggregate amount of approximately US$582.5 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 30.8%, among which, 4,567 were
            domestic M&A transactions with a total amount of approximately US$520.3 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 43.5%;
            and 588 were cross-border M&A transactions with a total amount of approximately US$62.2 billion, representing a year-on-year
            decrease of 24.8%.


            actions and achievements
            We continued to reinforce our leadership in the M&A business. In 2020, according to Dealogic, the Company announced 90 deals,
            involving an amount of approximately US$187.2 billion. Among these transactions, 78 were domestic M&A transactions with a
            total amount of approximately US$175.6 billion and 12 were cross-border and offshore M&A transactions with a total amount of
            approximately US$11.6 billion. In 2020, we ranked No.1 in the PRC M&A market with a market share of approximately 30.8%, further
            expanding CICC’s market leadership.


            The milestone transactions announced in 2020 include:


            Projects                                                                  Size    Highlights
            Reorganization of PipeChina                                    US$108.3 billion   The largest M&A transaction in the world in 2020, involving 13 transaction
                                                                                              entities in multiple capital markets and representing another benchmark
                                                                                              transaction in reorganization of state-owned enterprises


            Privatization of Haier Electrics through issuing H shares by     US$6.7 billion   The first privatization of an A-share company through issuing H shares and
            Haier Smart Home and listing on the Hong Kong                                     listing on the Hong Kong stock market by way of introduction
              stock market by way of introduction


            Mixed reform of China Eastern Airlines                           US$4.6 billion   The first case of ownership diversification reform at the centrally-owned group
                                                                                              company level under the three-year state-owned enterprise reform action
                                                                                              plan


            Merger of Yingkou Port by Dalian Port by way of absorption       US$2.3 billion   The largest transaction of an A+H listed company merging with an A-share
                                                                                              company by way of absorption and supported capital raising at the same time


            Acquisition of China Railway Materials Sheng by                  US$1.7 billion   Realizing the overall listing of China Railway Materials Group, and creating a
              Tianjin Faw Xiali Automobile through issuing shares                             typical model for large-scale asset reorganization and vitalization of existing
                                                                                              assets between central state-owned group companies


            Reorganization of Chongqing Brewery and Carlsberg China        US$900 million     Integrating core businesses in China by a large multinational group company
                                                                                              through innovative joint venture structure and injected into an A-share listing
                                                                                              platform to achieve overall listing


            BYD Semiconductor’s Series A and Series A+ private             US$400 million     Introducing over 40 domestic and foreign investors by a key semiconductor
              placements                                                                      company in China
                                                              China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   049




Outlook for 2021                                                    Indexes and 3.8% in H-shares Index as compared with the
                                                                    beginning of the year. The Hang Seng TECH Index, which
In 2021, the Company will intensify its efforts in business
                                                                    was launched at the end of July 2020, rose by 78.7%,
development to further increase its market share,
                                                                    significantly outperforming the broader stock market.
strengthen domestic and foreign synergy to capture
                                                                    In 2020, the average daily turnover of A shares reached
cross-border M&A business opportunities under the
                                                                    RMB847.8 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
dual-circle landscape, and deepen inter-regional
                                                                    63.0%, with the average daily turnover in July and August
cooperation to expand its coverage of local state-owned
                                                                    exceeding RMB1.0 trillion; the average daily turnover
enterprises and leading local private enterprises. The
                                                                    in the Hong Kong stock market was HK$129.5 billion,
Company will actively pursue new business models and
                                                                    representing a year-on-year increase of 48.6%; the net flow
explore investment opportunities focusing on market-
                                                                    into Northbound Stock Connect was RMB208.9 billion, and
based M&A.
                                                                    the net flow into the Southbound Stock Connect reached
                                                                    HK$672.1 billion.
eQuItIes
Market environment                                                  actions and achievements
In 2020, affected by uncertainties including global trade           In 2020, against the backdrop of significant fluctuations of
frictions and the COVID-19 outbreak, the global stock               the global market, for the equities business, the Company
market swung significantly. Main stock indexes trended              continuously improved its comprehensive customer service
downward in the first quarter. In the second quarter,               capacity, actively expanded into new areas and acquired
central banks introduced expansionary monetary policies             new customer bases, increased the scale and productivity,
and various stimulus measures, thus restoring investor              and paid attention to monetizing business synergy within
confidence. In the second half of the year, continuous              the department and with other business lines, so as to
flowing of money into technology, consumer and other                achieve a win-win outcome. Meanwhile, the equities
sectors, which were favored by investors, as well as                business, continuously enhanced operation management,
excellent performance of many new shares after listing,             exercised effective risk control and compliance
warmed up overall markets, with especially significant              management, and continuously improved systems and
rise in the US stock market and the A-share market. In the          optimized processes to prevent financial risks; accelerated
fourth quarter, as the COVID-19 vaccination and other               and promoted the systematization and digitalization
positive factors helped get the global economy back on              process, and constructed an all-around business system
track, the prospects of profit and restoration of values of         in an orderly manner. In 2020, the equities business saw a
listed companies were expected, thus boosting investment            significant year-on-year increase in domestic and overseas
sentiment.                                                          business revenues, outperforming the market, with a
                                                                    balanced structure of domestic and overseas, on-exchange
As of December 31, 2020, there were increases of 13.9%              and OTC business revenues.
in SSE Composite Index, 38.7% in SZSE Component Index,
65.0% in ChiNext Price Index, 43.9% in SZSE SME Price
Index; while there were declines of 3.4% in Hang Seng
050   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis



            In terms of coverage of customers, for the equities business,   business. In 2020, the Company actively promoted the
            the Company enhanced its efforts for online and offline         margin trading and securities lending business for qualified
            services, and innovated its service model, so as to ensure      foreign institutional investors, and reported the first order
            its efforts and efficiency to acquire and serve new and old     for QFII refinancing securities lending in the market. In
            customers at home and abroad. In 2020, the number of            derivatives business, the Company offered both standard
            accounts opened by domestic and overseas customers              and tailor-made services. The Company continuously
            kept growing considerably, with the turnover and market         innovated its product mix, and carried out many corporate
            share hitting another record high. The customer coverage        derivative businesses, which were highly recognized in the
            and market share of the Company in long funds (including        market. As a result, the Company continued to maintain
            QFII/RQFII, WOFE, QDII and Shanghai-Shenzhen Stock              its leading position among OTC option market makers.
            Connect investors), insurance companies and hedge               The capital introduction business and equities proprietary
            fund continued to remain at a high level, with a steady         trading business were carried out successfully, with steady
            increase in its trading market share of mutual funds. The       growth in results.
            Company won bids for businesses of wealth management
            subsidiaries of various banks under the model of settlement     In terms of international business, the Company
            via securities brokers, implemented various models of           deepened and expanded its business in the international
            cooperation with bank customers. In terms of Connect            market, continuously strengthened the construction
            business, the Company achieved a steady increase in the         and arrangement of local trading platforms in Hong
            number of customer accounts opened with it, and the             Kong, Singapore, New York and London. As a result, the
            total transaction volume and share, and had ranked among        Company’s sources of revenue from overseas trading
            the tops in the market for years in a row.                      activities became increasingly diversified. In 2020, CICC
                                                                            Singapore officially became a member of the Singapore
            In terms of capital business, the Company fully seized the      Exchange. The Company implemented the secondary
            opportunities from fluctuations of the global market, thus      listing in Hong Kong of enterprises with U.S.-listed China
            achieving significant increases in revenue, scale, customers    concepts stocks and the listing of several GDRs in London.
            and trading volume. For overseas product business, the          The total number, amount and types of projects in primary
            Company strengthened team development, continuously             and secondary markets implemented by the team in the
            expanding its scale. The Company continuously improved          year were higher than those in recent years. Introducing
            its domestic prime brokerage business platform, and             high-quality foreign institutional investors into various
            maintained its market leading position for its cross-border     A-share projects became a benchmark in the market.
                                                                China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report    051




Outlook for 2021                                                      due to the stock-bond rotation, China-U.S. trade friction
                                                                      and the supply and demand of the bond market. In
We will continue to act by the principle of serving national
                                                                      November, credit bond default events caused a relatively
strategy, seize the opportunities from internal and external
                                                                      significant impact on the bond market, and the primary
dual circulation, the reform and opening up of capital
                                                                      and secondary markets were all affected to some extent.
market, and the development of financial technologies,
                                                                      In terms of cross-border investment and financing, China
and rely on extensive regional and international
                                                                      continued to open up its bond market, and the holdings
professional customer bases to further construct domestic
                                                                      of China’s bonds by foreign institutions have increased
and overseas, on-exchange and OTC platforms for global
                                                                      significantly.
stock asset allocation, and make efforts to promote trans-
department cross-selling, so as to expand the scale. We
                                                                      actions and achievements
will continuously improve our risk management capability,
empower through technology, improve our business                      In 2020, the Company further promoted the innovation
systems, to constantly enhance operation management                   of FICC business, and formed a domestic and overseas
efficiency and customer experience.                                   business system covering interest rates, credit, structuring,
                                                                      commodities and foreign exchange products. Meantime,
FICC                                                                  the Company established a professional product line to
                                                                      comprehensively improve its comprehensive customer
Market environment
                                                                      service capabilities, so as to create an all-round fixed-
In 2020, facing the unprecedented impact of the historical            income service and support platform covering market
pandemic in a century, domestic and foreign economies                 making, financing, and cross-border businesses. Despite of
experienced a rapid decline in the short term. However,               volatilities in the market environment, the trading business
due to strong prevention and control in China and                     continued to showcase sound trading and risk control
favorable monetary and fiscal policies, China’s economy               capabilities, and realized gains by steadily capturing market
has recovered in a steady manner since the second                     opportunities. Cross-border business has achieved solid
quarter, becoming the only major economy in the world                 progress, with Bond Connect trading volume reaching
which has achieved positive economic growth in 2020.                  RMB50 billion, a year-on-year increase of 53%, hitting a
To cope with the impact of the pandemic, ultra-loose                  record high.
monetary policies were initiated around the world, and
China’s 10-year government bond yields hit a new low in               In 2020, the Company continued to strengthen its
10 years, while bond yields fell rapidly. Since May, with the         infrastructure for FICC business, and optimized and
gradual control of the pandemic, China gradually tightened            established three major infrastructure platforms covering
monetary policies and recovered its economy, and bond                 capital, operation, and IT system to promote business
yields experienced upward fluctuations. In the third                  development. The Company has also established an agility
quarter, bond yields experienced constant fluctuations                team for digital transformation, with a view to vigorously
                                                                      promoting the digital transformation of the entire FICC
                                                                      business line.
052   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




            Outlook for 2021                                                 The fifth plenary session of the 19th Central Committee
                                                                             of the Communist Party of China and other significant
            The Company will continue to promote the strategic
                                                                             meetings have pictured the systematic plan and strategic
            transformation of its FICC business, enhance its
                                                                             roadmap for the “14th Five-Year Plan” period, and
            comprehensive customer service capabilities, and develop
                                                                             formulated a series of policies and measures regarding
            a first-class market-making platform for FICC products
                                                                             deepening capital market reforms, promoting two-way
            featured by cross-border, cross-market and cross-platform.
                                                                             opening-up of financial markets and strengthening the
            The Company will strengthen risk control to achieve
                                                                             construction of the investment side of the capital market,
            better returns, and form a risk control mechanism in line
                                                                             which will play a significant guiding role in the future
            with its business development. The Company will further
                                                                             development of the overall asset management industry.
            strengthen its capacities in creating various financial
                                                                             As China continuously deepened reform and expanded
            products to diversify product lines and enlarge product
                                                                             opening-up in a comprehensive way, the household
            scale. The Company will improve its cross-border business
                                                                             asset allocation has ushered in a “turning point”. With
            capabilities to accelerate international presence, and step
                                                                             the accelerating sophistication of institutional investors
            up in digital development to build a first-class FICC fin-tech
                                                                             as well as the continuous optimization of the capital
            platform.
                                                                             market system, cross-border capital transactions have
                                                                             been increasing, which has provided broad space and
            asset MaNaGeMeNt
                                                                             massive opportunities for the development of China’s asset
            asset Management                                                 management industry.
            Market environment
                                                                             actions and achievements
            Since the beginning of 2020, with the continuous
            improvement of new asset management regulations, the             In 2020, the asset management business comprehensively
            policies of removal of implicit guarantees and curbing the       improved its comprehensive service capabilities offerings.
            “conduit” business began to take effect. The ecological          The asset management business further optimized its
            landscape of the industry has been further reshaped, and         product arrangements, improved its product planning,
            transformation and innovation has become the key drivers         and established a customer-centered product and service
            for the reform and development of the asset management           management system; further improved its research
            industry to improve competitiveness. In 2020, the securities     capabilities, and built an integrated investment and
            firms’ asset management “conduit” business continued             research platform; vigorously improved the level of
            to decline, the size of active management continued to           specialized sales-force and customer acquisition practice,
            expand, and the transformation toward publicly-offered           and focused on strengthening the coverage over and
            products accelerated.
                                                                China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   053




service for national social security fund, annuity plans,             Outlook for 2021
bank wealth management subsidiaries, and corporate
                                                                      In 2021, the asset management business will continue to
customers. The asset management business expanded
                                                                      consolidate the platform for asset management business,
internal and external key retail channels, increased access
                                                                      strengthen the development of investment and research
to bank channels, and actively developed online third-party
                                                                      teams, improve its investment capability, product lines
channels. The asset management business seized the
                                                                      and customer service level, strengthen the coverage
business opportunities arising out of global asset allocation
                                                                      over channels, international and specific regions, and
by Chinese-funded organizations, and gradually expanded
                                                                      continuously expand its business scale and market share.
overseas channels to strengthen the coverage over
                                                                      The asset management business will actively participate
foreign-funded organizations. The asset management
                                                                      in the digital transformation of the Company, substantially
business refined the middle and back office management,
                                                                      promote the construction of business, management
teased out the optimization process, identified major risks
                                                                      and control platforms, so as to support and promote
in various businesses in a systematic and forward-looking
                                                                      high-quality development.
manner, and improved its risk management system. The
asset management business increased the information
                                                                      In 2021, the asset management business will seize market
technology investment, strengthened the construction
                                                                      opportunities to vigorously promote the development
for system automation, promoted financial technology
                                                                      of regular business and capture strategic opportunities
innovation, and empowered business development.
                                                                      pace up efforts to establish itself as a world-class asset
                                                                      manager and play a pivotal role as an important bridge for
As of December 31, 2020, the AUM of the Asset
                                                                      the capital market and become an important force for the
Management Department of the Company was RMB512.9
                                                                      transformation of household savings into investment, and
billion, representing an increase of 72.3% compared
                                                                      an important professional institutional investor in terms of
with the end of 2019. By product line, the assets under
                                                                      investment.
management of collective asset management products
and segregated asset management products (including
NSSF, corporate annuities, occupational annuities
and pensions) were RMB165.4 billion and RMB347.5
billion, respectively. We had altogether 598 products
under management, most of which were under active
management.
054   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




            CICC Fund Management                                            in the construction of investment and research teams, and
                                                                            persisted in steadily improving its long-term investment
            Market environment
                                                                            performance. CICC Fund Management accelerated the
            In 2020, the A-share market continued to see an upward          efforts in deepening regional penetration, thus further
            trend since 2019, experiencing the strongest rally among        enhancing retail coverage and service capabilities;
            the highest of major global markets. In 2020, with the          continued to gain institutional access, so as to vigorously
            remarkable wealth effect of mutual funds and the                acquire key customers and increase customer stickiness;
            continuous development of the industry, the assets and          and promoted online marketing on third-party distributor
            products under management and new products issued               to realize the conversion to sales. In 2020, the operation
            by mutual funds hit a record high. As of the end of the         of CICC Fund Management was stable, without material
            year, the AUM of mutual funds hit another record high           violations of laws and regulations or major compliance
            of RMB19.9 trillion, and the newly issued funds exceeded        risks.
            RMB3.2 trillion in the year. The industry scale increased
            by RMB5.1 trillion, or 35% compared with the end of the         In 2020, the assets under management of CICC Fund
            previous year, while the scale of non-money market funds        Management amounted to RMB55.3 billion, representing
            increased by RMB4.2 trillion, or 55%. In the year, there were   a year-on-year increase of 98%. In particular, the size of
            many best-selling funds, and mutual funds increasingly          mutual funds increased to RMB54.0 billion, representing a
            became an investment tool trusted by ordinary investors.        year-on-year increase of 127%; and the size of private asset
                                                                            management schemes amounted to RMB1.3 billion.
            During the year, many regulatory measures promoted
            the reform and innovation of the mutual fund industry.          Outlook for 2021
            The introduction of the guide on China’s infrastructure
                                                                            In 2021, CICC Fund Management will continue to focus on
            REITs provided new opportunities for the industry; the
                                                                            developing the active management capacity for long-term
            implementation of new sales regulations guided the
                                                                            stable performance and providing instrument-type
            long-term sales behavior; the newly revised securities law
                                                                            products for long-term allocation. CICC Fund Management
            laid a foundation for the long-term improvement of the
                                                                            will be deeply engaged in the retail market to expand
            industry.
                                                                            coverage, enhance its channel service capabilities and
                                                                            customer experience, strengthen the development
            actions and achievements
                                                                            of institutional business and the investment in online
            In 2020, CICC Fund Management continued to improve its          third-party distributor. CICC Fund Management will actively
            product line with a focus on actively managed equity-type       make preparation for the third-pillar pension FoF business,
            products and fixed-income products. Meanwhile, in active        and fully use the Group’s resources to explore new
            response to the national policy and capitalizing on the         addressable markets, so as to make important contributions
            advantages of CICC, CICC Fund Management made efforts           to all-round improvement in asset management and
            to develop new businesses including China’s infrastructure      comprehensive service capabilities of the Group.
            REITs and ETF. CICC Fund Management continued to invest
                                                                    China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report          055




PRIVate eQuIty                                                             actions and achievements
Market environment                                                         CICC Capital is committed to establishing a unified and
                                                                           open management platform. Internally, we achieved
In 2020, as affected by the COVID-19 epidemic and new
                                                                           resource centralization and management synergy.
regulations over asset management, China’s private equity
                                                                           Externally, we fostered an open platform ecosystem. The
fundraising market continued to be under pressure. The
                                                                           family of funds managed by CICC Capital mainly included
industry continued to polarize where leading private equity
                                                                           domestic corporate equity investment funds, fund of funds,
funds continued to draw the biggest share of capital. But
                                                                           US dollar funds, real estate funds, and infrastructure funds.
we do see more development opportunities here. On
                                                                           The industries covered include high technology, high-
the one hand, there are more channels allowing overseas
                                                                           end manufacturing, comprehensive healthcare and macro
capital into China as the state continued to advance
                                                                           consumption.
financial opening-up; on the other hand, the fund sources
of the private equity market is expected to further expand
                                                                           During the Reporting Period, CICC Capital mainly
with the implementation of China’s policies to further
                                                                           deployed industrial funds through strong cooperation
widen equity investment market access for long-term
                                                                           with multinational companies, innovative special account
capital, such as insurance funds.
                                                                           management funds via cooperation with large industrial
                                                                           groups, and focused on growth investments, for instance,
In terms of investment, since the second quarter of 2020,
                                                                           direct investment funds, and key regional pillar products,
with the constant gloom of the COVID-19 pandemic
                                                                           and has formed relatively diversified product lines. We laid
in China, private equity investment has been relatively
                                                                           a solid foundation for the stable business development
active. An obvious trend is that capital flows to leading
                                                                           of CICC Capital in the long run through balancing the
funds and leading institutions increased, and high-quality
                                                                           overall risk of the business in light of diversified risk profiles
funds attracted more and more investors. Investment
                                                                           of different products. Amid the challenging fundraising
in biomedicine, semiconductors, and corporate services
                                                                           environment in the market, some star funds continued
sectors was booming.
                                                                           to enlarge, demonstrating investors’ confidence in
                                                                           the investment and management capabilities of CICC
In terms of exit, the deepening reform of the domestic                     Capital. On October 30 2020, our Group established the
capital market boosted confidence in exiting the market,                   second private equity subsidiary – CICC Private Equity
and the VC/PE penetration rate of newly listed companies                   Investment and Management Company Limited in
continued to increase. With the continuous deepening of                    Shanghai, which will manage funds in the Yangtze River
China’s capital market reforms, a multi-layered market has                 Delta region to serve the economic development within
gradually formed, providing more exit options for private                  the region. As of December 31, 2020, CICC Capital’s overall
equity investments.                                                        asset management 1 through various means reached
                                                                           approximately RMB302.2 billion.

                                                                           CICC Capital attaches great importance to risk, and risk
                                                                           awareness has been implanted in CICC culture. CICC
                                                                           Capital emphasizes on further strengthening risk awareness
                                                                           of the team, and urges the team to carry out investment,
                                                                           post-investment and exit in a more prudent manner to
                                                                           generate more revenue through investment appreciation,
                                                                           and create value for investors. In terms of internal control
                                                                           management, CICC Capital continued to promote sound
                                                                           and effective risk management and control measures,
                                                                           enhanced the unified management and control capabilities
                                                                           of its platform, and further formulated stricter standards for
                                                                           investment decisions and post-investment management of
                                                                           each fund on the basis of the existing relatively complete
                                                                           and strict risk management system in line with business
                                                                           development.
1
      The subscription size under management, including CICC Qianhai and CISC Luckystone (China-invs Changchun inclusive) which were newly
      brought into management in 2020, totalled RMB18.04 billion.
056   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




            Outlook for 2021
            CICC Capital will continue to adhere to the basic concept of pursuing growth in prudent and steady paces to ensure stability
            and strive for success while progressing. Catering for the requirements of shareholders and the needs of its own development,
            CICC Capital will vigorously develop the strategies of internationalization, regionalization, and digitalization, consolidate the
            platform to effectively leverage its own advantages, and grasp opportunities brought by the reform of China’s stock economies
            and development of new economies to create long-term solid investment returns for investors. In 2021, CICC Capital will further
            strengthen its advantage in terms of scale of assets under management and expand its market presence; focus on establishment
            of US dollar funds, and deploy platform resources to fully develop investors of US dollar funds; expand its advantages in corporate
            equity products, and deploy resources to establish new funds with leading industry players and local government platforms;
            focus on the high-tech, high-end manufacturing, comprehensive healthcare and macro consumption industries to strengthen
            empowerment and support of investment research for business teams; leverage CICC Capital’s advantages in fund of funds
            products and actively develop solutions for fund of funds and market-based funds; in terms of M&A funds, start with single-
            project M&A funds, and gradually transform to market-based leveraged buyouts and in the meantime constantly cultivate the
            post-investment capabilities of the platform; focus on the development of infrastructure funds and real estate funds, and explore
            the development of mezzanine funds and special opportunity funds; continue to optimize the income structure of CICC Capital
            by increasing its own capital investment; continue to promote cross-departmental cooperation and further strengthen inter-
            departmental business coordination; continue to strengthen risk control management and unified management and control of
            business platforms.


            tHe assets uNdeR MaNaGeMeNt OF tHe GROuP
            As of December 31, 2020, the size of total assets managed by different business divisions and subsidiaries of our Group is set forth
            as follows:


                                                                                                                                    Unit: RMB in million


            Items                                                              December 31, 2020         December 31, 2019               % of change
            AUM in relation to fee and commission income
                  (wholly-owned)
            Collective asset management schemes                                             169,021                    49,046                  244.6%
            Segregated asset management schemes                                             380,858                   271,395                   40.3%
            Special asset management schemes                                                209,966                   152,959                   37.3%
            Mutual funds1                                                                    55,298                    27,869                   98.4%
            Private equity investment funds                                                 198,603                   175,552                   13.1%
            Subtotal                                                                      1,013,746                   676,821                   49.8%
            AUM in relation to share of profits of associates and
                  joint ventures (jointly-invested)
            Private equity investment funds                                                 115,904                   135,470                   -14.4%
            Non-private equity investment funds                                              45,029                    24,534                   83.5%
            Subtotal                                                                        160,932                   160,004                     0.6%
            Total                                                                         1,174,679                   836,825                   40.4%


            Note:

            (1)       Mutual funds include public securities investment funds and private asset management schemes under the management of CICC Fund.
                                                              China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report         057




WeaLtH MaNaGeMeNt                                                   In 2020, the wealth management business further
                                                                    improved customer segmentation services, expanded the
Market environment
                                                                    scale of private wealth management business, significantly
In 2020, against the backdrop of the COVID-19 pandemic              enhanced productivity, and strengthened market presence.
and the complex international situation, the domestic               Meanwhile, along with the digital transformation of CICC,
capital market maintained a good growth momentum,                   leveraging the financial technology and online-to-offline
benefiting from the global stimulus policies and China’s            means, breakthroughs were made in serving affluent
early and rapid recovery from the outbreak. In 2020, SSE            and mass customers; the pilot project team formed an
Composite Index rose by 13.9% and SZSE Component                    effective customer base management system and team
Index was up by 38.7%. In the first half of the year, the           working mechanism, laying a foundation for a larger-scale
average daily turnover in Shanghai and Shenzhen stock               comprehensive transformation in 2021. As of December
markets reached RMB809.4 billion, which increased to                31, 2020, the number of wealth management customers
RMB1,116.4 billion in the third quarter and decreased to            of CICC was 3,694,107, representing an increase of 12.9%
RMB867.8 billion in the fourth quarter. In addition, the            compared with the end of 2019 on a comparable basis.
growth of residents’ wealth and the greater popularity              The total customer assets reached RMB2,578.3 billion,
of long-term investment and investment diversification              representing an increase of 40.2% compared with the
philosophies strongly promoted the transformation of the            end of 2019 on a comparable basis. There were 25,625
wealth management business.                                         high-net-worth individuals1 as of December 31, 2020,
                                                                    representing an increase of 32.1% compared with the
actions and achievements                                            end of 2019 on a comparable basis. The total assets of
                                                                    high-net-worth individuals amounted to RMB672.5 billion,
In 2020, the wealth management business seized market
                                                                    representing an increase of 46.1% compared with the end
opportunities to carry out various businesses in an orderly
                                                                    of 2019 on a comparable basis.
manner, thus achieving rapid growth in terms of operating
results, steadily improving its market competitiveness
                                                                    Outlook for 2021
and realizing high-quality development. In terms of
product allocation business, the size of existing products          In 2021, the wealth management business will continue
increased sharply by 74%; long position and quantitative            to improve and firmly implement its strategic plans,
strategies for selected products which were sold on a               and speed up reform with focus on key points. Under
commission basis outperformed the average for like                  the background of the deep integration of wealth
products; the results of bond products and fixed-income             management of CICC and CICC Wealth Management
products were stable. In terms of buy-side investment               Securities, the wealth management business will intensify
consulting business, private account and fund investment            reform and innovation, starting from digitalization and
advisory led the industry transformation, and enhanced              organization mode to promote wealth management
the customer experience through multi-asset allocation,             transitioning leveraging financial technology, and
and guided customers to make reasonable allocation for              enhance core competitiveness, thus making new progress
long-term investment. In terms of trading business, the             in establishing a world-class wealth management
trading share increased significantly to 2.13%, and new             organization worthy of customers’ trust.
breakthroughs were made in traditional business through
measures including capitalizing on the research capability         Note:

of the Group, improving online customer experience and              (1)    High-net-worth individuals refer to the clients with client
strengthening operational services to customers.                           assets of over (including) RMB3.0 million
058   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




            ReseaRCH                                                       To accomplish CICC’s strategic goal and implement the
                                                                           “One CICC” corporate culture, the Group decided to
            Our research team covers global markets and serves
                                                                           optimize the allocation of research resources to maximize
            clients both at home and abroad through the Group’s
                                                                           benefits from internal cooperation and synergies based
            offices and platforms across the world. The scope of our
                                                                           on existing research strengths. We adjusted organizational
            research products and investment analysis ranges from
                                                                           structures to consolidate the Group’s research resources,
            macro economy and market strategy to fixed income, asset
                                                                           and built an integrated research platform with solid
            allocation, equities, commodities, and derivatives. As of
                                                                           competitive advantages over peers to better support the
            December 31, 2020, our research team employed almost
                                                                           Group’s various business lines and continue to deliver
            200 highly experienced professionals, and covered more
                                                                           high-quality research services to clients.
            than 30 sectors and 1,100 companies listed in the Chinese
            mainland, Hong Kong SAR, New York, Singapore, Frankfurt,
                                                                           CICC established a new tier-one department – CICC Global
            London and Paris.
                                                                           Institute (CGI) – to provide its accumulated knowledge
                                                                           and wisdom to support China’s national strategy. Created
            CICC Research has won recognition from major domestic
                                                                           as a new top-notch think tank for a changed world in a
            and overseas investors for its independent, unbiased and
                                                                           brand new era, CGI’s key mission is to assist in the research
            insightful research products. In 2020, we published more
                                                                           and formulation of China’s public policies, participate
            than 15,000 research reports in Chinese and/or English.
                                                                           in discussions and communications about international
            On top of numerous sector and company reports, we
                                                                           policies, and offer suggestions on the development of
            also assembled a series of in-depth thematic reports, such
                                                                           China’s financial markets, especially the capital market.
            as Digital Economy: The Next Decade , Economic and
                                                                           CGI will endeavor to build a strong team with solid
            Financial Cycles to Converge in 2021 , China Infrastructure
                                                                           capabilities for the research of key issues in the medium-
            REIT Research Series, as well as thematic reports on
                                                                           and long-term development of Chinese and global
            China’s consumer industries and potential winners in
                                                                           economies, financial systems and capital markets. The
            this promising arena. These research products show our
                                                                           think tank’s forward-looking research will focus on major
            profound understanding of China. The superior quality and
                                                                           topics of vital significance to the country and people’s
            extensive coverage of our research reports have earned us
                                                                           well-being. CGI shall serve and support government
            the reputation as the “China Expert”.
                                                                           organizations, corporate entities and other institutions via
                                                                           research consultations, high-profile forums, international
            Our research team continued to win awards from
                                                                           communications and a whole series of thematic seminars.
            prominent international institutions in 2020. These include
                                                                           Mr. Huang Zhaohui, CEO of CICC, serves as the Dean of
            the “Best for Overall Research (China)” in the Asiamoney
                                                                           CICC Global Institute. Mr. Peng Wensheng, Chief Economist
            Brokers Poll, marking the 15th consecutive year of our
                                                                           and Head of Research Department, serves as the Executive
            championship in this poll from 2006 to 2020. We also
                                                                           Dean of CICC Global Institute.
            topped the All-China Research Team (Firm Leaders: Overall)
            hosted by Institutional Investor for nine consecutive years
            from 2012 to 2020.
                                                                  China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   059




IV. aNaLysIs OF FINaNCIaL stateMeNts                                    (ii) asset structure and Quality
   (i)   Profitability analysis of Our Group                                  As of December 31, 2020, total assets of the Group
                                                                              amounted to RMB521,620.5 million, representing
         In 2020, confronted with the impact of the global
                                                                              a year-on-year increase of RMB176,649.3 million
         spread of COVID-19 pandemic as well as the
                                                                              or 51.2%. Total liabilities of the Group amounted
         complex and harsh market environment, the
                                                                              to RMB449,805.4 million, representing a year-on-
         Group actively coped with the challenges and
                                                                              year increase of RMB153,365.7 million or 51.7%. The
         implemented effective pandemic prevention and
                                                                              Group’s total equity attributable to shareholders of
         control and efficient business management. It
                                                                              our Company amounted to RMB71,634.9 million,
         maintained a rapid businesses development and
                                                                              representing a year-on-year increase of RMB23,341.1
         continuously improved its operating efficiency. The
                                                                              million or 48.3%. After deducting accounts payable
         investment banking business remained committed
                                                                              to brokerage clients and to underwriting clients of
         to serve the financing for real economy. The equities
                                                                              RMB70,655.2 million, the adjusted total assets of
         business further consolidated the leading position
                                                                              the Group amounted to RMB450,965.3 million; the
         in the market. The Group continuously improved
                                                                              adjusted total liabilities amounted to RMB379,150.2
         the FICC business layout and infrastructure and
                                                                              million; the gearing ratio was 84.1%, increased by
         systematically enhanced the capabilities of providing
                                                                              0.7 percentage point from 83.4% as of December
         comprehensive asset management services. It also
                                                                              31, 2019; the operating leverage ratio was 6.3 times,
         maintained an industry-leading position of its private
                                                                              representing an increase of 0.2 time compared with
         equity business in terms of the total assets under
                                                                              6.0 times as of December 31, 2019.
         management and achieved remarkable results
         in transformation and development of its wealth
                                                                              As of December 31, 2020, the Group’s financial assets
         management business.
                                                                              at fair value through profit or loss and derivative
                                                                              financial assets totalled RMB259,917.0 million,
         In 2020, the Group realized total revenue and other
                                                                              accounting for 49.8% of the total assets; financial
         income of RMB32,401.8 million, representing a year-
                                                                              assets at fair value through other comprehensive
         on-year increase of RMB9,619.3 million or 42.2%. In
                                                                              income amounted to RMB37,212.2 million,
         2020, the Group realized net profit attributable to
                                                                              accounting for 7.1% of the total assets; cash and
         shareholders of the Company of RMB7,207.5 million,
                                                                              bank balances and cash held on behalf of clients
         representing a year-on-year increase of RMB2,968.7
                                                                              totalled RMB108,111.8 million, accounting for 20.7%
         million or 70.0%. The Group realized earnings per
                                                                              of the total assets; receivable from margin clients
         share of RMB1.598 in 2020, representing a year-on-
                                                                              and reverse REPOs totalled RMB52,315.5 million,
         year increase of 61.4%. The weighted average return
                                                                              accounting for 10.0% of the total assets; interests
         on net assets was 13.5%, representing a year-on-year
                                                                              in associates and joint ventures amounted to
         increase of 3.9 percentage points.
                                                                              RMB1,188.9 million, accounting for 0.2% of the total
                                                                              assets; other assets totalled RMB62,875.2 million,
                                                                              accounting for 12.1% of the total assets.
060   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis



                  As of December 31, 2020, most of the Group’s                     Net cash used in investing activities amounted to
                  liabilities were current liabilities, among which                RMB8,058.6 million in 2020 and net cash generated
                  accounts payable to brokerage clients amounted                   amounted to RMB6,452.4 million in 2019. The
                  to RMB70,655.2 million, accounting for 15.7% of the              variation was primarily a result of a decrease in cash
                  total liabilities; REPOs amounted to RMB25,101.1                 receipts from disposal of investments as well as an
                  million, accounting for 5.6% of the total liabilities;           increase in payment for purchase of investments.
                  placements from financial institutions, short-term
                  debt securities issued and long-term debt securities             Net cash generated from financing activities
                  issued due within one year totalled RMB84,395.4                  amounted to RMB65,988.0 million in 2020,
                  million, accounting for 18.8% of the total liabilities;          representing an increase of RMB44,311.2 million
                  financial liabilities at fair value through profit or            or 204.4% compared with the net cash generated
                  loss and derivative financial liabilities totalled               of RMB21,676.9 million in 2019. The increase was
                  RMB67,574.1 million, accounting for 15.0% of the                 primarily attributable to proceeds from issuance of
                  total liabilities; long-term debt securities issued              debt instruments and A Share Offering and Listing.
                  amounted to RMB104,614.5 million, accounting for
                  23.3% of the total liabilities; other liabilities totalled   (iv) Financing Channels and Capability
                  RMB97,465.1 million, accounting for 21.7% of the
                                                                                   Our Group constantly broadens its financing
                  total liabilities.
                                                                                   channels to optimize its liability structure. The
                                                                                   financing instruments of our Group include
            (iii) Cash Flows
                                                                                   perpetual subordinated bonds, subordinated bonds,
                  In 2020, excluding the impacts of change in accounts             corporate bonds, financial bonds, syndication
                  payable to brokerage clients and to underwriting                 loans, short-term commercial papers, beneficiary
                  clients, net increase in cash and cash equivalents               certificates, USD-denominated medium-term notes,
                  of the Group amounted to RMB24,190.8 million,                    structured notes, inter-bank borrowings and REPOs.
                  representing an increase of RMB23,719.3 million or
                  5,031.7% compared with the net increase in cash                  In addition, our Group may finance through follow-
                  and cash equivalents of RMB471.4 million in 2019,                on offerings, rights issues and other ways according
                  mainly due to the increase in net cash generated                 to market conditions and business needs.
                  from financing activities.


                  Net cash used in operating activities amounted
                  to RMB33,738.7 million in 2020, representing an
                  increase of RMB6,080.9 million or 22.0% compared
                  with the net cash used of RMB27,657.8 million in
                  2019, mainly due to a decrease in net cash inflows
                  caused by an enlarged investment in financial
                  assets at fair value through profit or loss and an
                  increase in receivables for derivative transactions and
                  receivables from brokers and clearinghouses. The
                  decrease was partially offset by the increase in cash
                  held on behalf of brokerage clients.
                                                             China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   061




(v) Operating Revenue and Profit analysis
    1.   analysis of Items in statement of Profit or Loss
         summary of Financial Performance
         In 2020, the Group realized a net profit of RMB7,262.1 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 71.0%. The
         financial performance of the Group is summarized as follows:


                                                                                                           Unit: RMB in million


                                                                                                                         % of
         Items                                                             2020         2019         Change          change
         Revenue
         Fee and commission income                                  15,614.7         10,733.1         4,881.6           45.5%
         Interest income                                                5,644.9       4,800.2           844.7           17.6%
         Investment income                                          13,158.6          6,958.6         6,200.0           89.1%
         Total revenue                                              34,418.2         22,491.9        11,926.3           53.0%
         Other (losses)/income, net                                     (2,016.4)       290.6         (2,307.0)           N/A
         Total revenue and other income                             32,401.8         22,782.5         9,619.3           42.2%
         Total expenses                                             23,656.4         17,541.3         6,115.1           34.9%
         Share of (losses)/profits of associates
           and joint ventures                                              (32.8)        60.4            (93.2)           N/A
         Profit before income tax                                       8,712.7       5,301.6         3,411.1           64.3%
         Income tax expense                                             1,450.5       1,053.8           396.7           37.6%
         Profit for the year                                            7,262.1       4,247.8         3,014.3           71.0%
         Net profit attributable to shareholders of
           the Company                                                  7,207.5       4,238.7         2,968.7           70.0%
062   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




                        Revenue Breakdown
                         In 2020, the Group’s revenue increased by 53.0% to RMB34,418.2 million compared with that in 2019. Investment
                         income increased significantly compared with that of last year, resulting in a smaller proportion of fee and commission
                         income and of interest income in total revenue. The structure of the Group’s revenue for 2020 is presented as follows:


                         Items                                              2020          2019                                        Change
                         Fee and commission income                                                                           Decreased by 2.4
                                                                           45.4%         47.7%                              percentage points
                         Interest income                                                                                     Decreased by 4.9
                                                                           16.4%         21.3%                              percentage points
                         Investment income                                                                                    Increased by 7.3
                                                                           38.2%         30.9%                              percentage points
                         Total                                        100.0%            100.0%
                                                 China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   063




Fee and Commission Income and expenses
In 2020, the Group realized a net fee and commission income of RMB13,625.6 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of RMB4,078.9 million or 42.7%. A breakdown of the Group’s fee and commission income and expenses in
2020 is presented as follows:


                                                                                               Unit: RMB in million


                                                                                                             % of
Items                                                       2020            2019         Change          change
Fee and commission income
Brokerage commission income                               6,110.7         3,878.0         2,232.7           57.6%
Investment banking income                                 6,209.4         4,396.3         1,813.0           41.2%
  Underwriting and sponsoring fees from
     equity financing                                     4,129.2         2,388.0         1,741.1           72.9%
  Underwriting and sponsoring fees from
     debt and structured financing                        1,214.2         1,333.6          (119.4)         (9.0%)
  Financial advisory fees                                  866.0            674.7           191.4           28.4%
Asset management fees                                     2,796.0         2,001.5           794.5           39.7%
  Asset management and mutual funds                       1,373.0           886.2           486.9           54.9%
  Private equity investment funds                         1,423.0         1,115.3           307.6           27.6%
Investment advisory fees                                   458.5            424.7            33.8            8.0%
Others                                                       40.0            32.5              7.6          23.3%
Total fee and commission income                         15,614.7         10,733.1         4,881.6           45.5%
Fee and commission expenses                               1,989.1         1,186.3           802.8           67.7%
Net fee and commission income                           13,625.6          9,546.7         4,078.9           42.7%
064   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis



                         The charts below set forth the composition of the Group’s fee and commission income in 2020 and 2019:


                         Composition of fee and commission income in                  Composition of fee and commission income in
                         2020                                                         2019

                                         2.9%                                                           4.0%
                                  0.3%                                                          0.3%
                                                             17.9%                                                          18.6%




                         39.1%                                   39.8%                36.1%                                     41.0%


                           Brokerage commission income                                 Investment advisory fees
                           Investment banking income                                   Others
                           Asset management fees


                         The structure of the Group’s fee and commission income in 2020 and 2019 is presented as follows:


                         Items                                              2020            2019                                        Change
                         Brokerage commission income                       39.1%            36.1%              Increased by 3.0 percentage points
                         Investment banking income                         39.8%            41.0%           Decreased by 1.2 percentage points
                         Asset management fees                             17.9%            18.6%              Decreased by 0.7 percentage point
                         Investment advisory fees                          2.9%              4.0%              Decreased by 1.0 percentage point
                         Others                                            0.3%              0.3%              Decreased by 0.0 percentage point
                         Total                                        100.0%            100.0%


                         Brokerage commission income amounted to RMB6,110.7 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB2,232.7
                         million or 57.6%, mainly due to an outperformance of major stock indices over the broader stock market in Mainland
                         China and Hong Kong SAR in 2020; at the same time, the average daily turnover of A shares reached RMB847.8 billion,
                         representing a year-on-year increase of 63.0%, and the average daily turnover in the Hong Kong stock market was
                         HK$129.5 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 48.6%.
                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   065




Investment banking income amounted to RMB6,209.4 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB1,813.0
million or 41.2%. Investment banking income included underwriting and sponsoring fees from equity financing and
from debt and structured financing and financial advisory fees. Among them, the underwriting and sponsoring fees
amounted to RMB5,343.3 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB1,621.7 million or 43.6%, mainly due
to an increase in the underwriting and sponsoring fees from equity financing. Financial advisory fees amounted to
RMB866.0 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB191.4 million or 28.4%, mainly due to the increases in
IPO advisory fees and restructuring advisory fees compared with those in 2019.


Asset management fees amounted to RMB2,796.0 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB794.5 million
or 39.7%, in line with the growth in AUM. Asset management fees consisted of the management fees from asset
management business, mutual fund business and private equity investment fund business. In addition to asset
management fees, the Group also had a share of profits of associates and joint ventures generated from the AUM of
fund management companies jointly-invested by the Group.


Investment advisory fees amounted to RMB458.5 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB33.8 million or
8.0%, mainly due to a rise in demand for advisory services for private equity investments.


Fee and commission expenses amounted to RMB1,989.1 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB802.8
million or 67.7%, in line with the growth of the Group’s fee and commission income.
066   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




                        Interest Income and expenses
                         In 2020, the Group incurred net interest expenses of RMB1,068.9 million, among which interest income amounted to
                         RMB5,644.9 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 17.6%, and among which interest expenses amounted to
                         RMB6,713.7 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 13.9%. A breakdown of the Group’s interest income and
                         expenses in 2020 is presented as follows:


                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB in million


                                                                                                                                    % of
                         Items                                                        2020           2019        Change          change
                         Interest income
                         Interest income from financial institutions                1,640.8        1,379.0          261.8          19.0%
                         Interest income from margin financing and
                           securities lending                                       2,038.5        1,461.1          577.3          39.5%
                         Interest income from reverse REPOs                          687.0           724.5           (37.5)        (5.2%)
                         Interest income from financial assets at fair value
                           through other comprehensive income                       1,163.3        1,160.5             2.8          0.2%
                         Others                                                      115.3            75.0           40.2          53.6%
                         Total interest income                                      5,644.9        4,800.2          844.7          17.6%
                         Interest expenses
                         Interest expenses on accounts payable to
                           brokerage clients                                         232.5           164.3           68.3          41.5%
                         Interest expenses on REPOs                                  795.6         1,009.6         (214.0)       (21.2%)
                         Interest expenses on placements from
                           financial institutions                                    822.0           765.5           56.4           7.4%
                         Interest expenses on debt securities issued                4,207.4        3,424.9          782.5          22.8%
                         Interest expenses on lease liabilities                        57.2           73.5           (16.3)      (22.2%)
                         Others                                                      599.1           457.7          141.4          30.9%
                         Total interest expenses                                    6,713.7        5,895.5          818.2          13.9%
                         Net interest expenses                                     (1,068.9)       (1,095.3)         26.4          (2.4%)
                                                     China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   067




Interest income from financial institutions amounted to RMB1,640.8 million, representing a year-on-year increase
of RMB261.8 million or 19.0%, mainly due to the increases in bank balances and cash held on behalf of clients as
compared with that in 2019.


Interest income from margin financing and securities lending amounted to RMB2,038.5 million, representing a year-on-
year increase of RMB577.3 million or 39.5%, mainly due to an enlargement of average daily scale of margin financing as
a result of surge in financing demands of domestic clients, resulting in the corresponding increase in interest income.


Interest income from reverse REPOs amounted to RMB687.0 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB37.5
million or 5.2%, mainly due to a decrease in daily average scale of stock-pledged repurchase business.


Interest income from financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income amounted to RMB1,163.3
million, representing an increase of RMB2.8 million or 0.2% compared with that in 2019.


Interest expenses amounted to RMB6,713.7 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB818.2 million or
13.9%, mainly due to an increase in debt financing. In 2020, in order to meet its business development needs and the
regulatory requirements, the Group issued various debt securities including corporate bonds, subordinated bonds,
structured notes and USD-denominated medium-term notes, resulting in the corresponding increase in interest
expenses.
068   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




                        Investment Income
                         In 2020, the Group realized an investment income of RMB13,158.6 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
                         RMB6,200.0 million or 89.1%. A breakdown of the Group’s investment income in 2020 is presented as follows:


                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB in million


                                                                                                                                        % of
                         Items                                                              2020          2019      Change            change
                         Investment income
                         Net gains from disposal of financial assets at fair value
                           through other comprehensive income                              143.6          200.6        (57.0)         (28.4%)
                         Net gains from financial instruments at fair value
                           through profit or loss and derivative financial instruments   12,786.5     6,759.3        6,027.1           89.2%
                           – Equity investments                                           5,371.7     2,753.6        2,618.1           95.1%
                           – Debt investments                                             3,703.7     2,890.3          813.4           28.1%
                           – Other investments                                            3,711.1     1,115.5        2,595.7          232.7%
                         Others                                                            228.6           (1.3)       229.9             N/A
                         Total                                                           13,158.6     6,958.6        6,200.0           89.1%


                         Net gains from disposal of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income amounted to RMB143.6
                         million, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB57.0 million or 28.4%, mainly due to a decrease in gains from
                         disposal of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income.
                                                        China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report      069




Net gains from financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss and from derivative financial instruments
totalled RMB12,786.5 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB6,027.1 million or 89.2%. The net gains were
from the following categories of investments:


–     Net gains from equity investments represented a year-on-year increase of RMB2,618.1 million or 95.1%, primarily
      attributable to the Group’s enlarged business scale of OTC derivatives and gains from securities positions held
      under the following-investment mechanism on STAR Market amid a stock market with an upward trajectory and
      surge in trading demand in 2020;


–     Net gains from debt investments represented a year-on-year increase of RMB813.4 million or 28.1%, mainly due
      to a growth of gains from investment in securitized products and in perpetual bonds;


–     Net gains from other investments represented a year-on-year increase of RMB2,595.7 million or 232.7%, mainly
      due to a substantial growth of gains from investments in fixed-income trusts, money market funds and ETFs as
      well as an increase in gains from derivative financial instruments under commodity contracts.


Other investment income amounted to RMB228.6 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB229.9 million,
mainly consisting of gains from disposal of long-term equity investment.


For detailed information of the financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and of derivative financial assets held
by the Group at the end of 2020, please refer to “(vi) Analysis of Items in Statement of Financial Position – 1. Items of
Assets – Investments – Financial Assets at Fair Value through Profit or Loss” and “(vi) Analysis of Items in Statement of
Financial Position – 1. Items of Assets – Investments – Derivative Financial Assets” respectively.
070   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




                        Operating expenses
                         In 2020, the Group’s operating expenses (excluding fee and commission expenses and interest expenses, the same
                         below) amounted to RMB14,953.5 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB4,494.1 million or 43.0%. A
                         breakdown of the Group’s operating expenses in 2020 is presented as follows:


                                                                                                                            Unit: RMB in million


                                                                                                                                         % of
                         Items                                                           2020             2019        Change          change
                         Operating expenses
                         Staff costs                                                 10,775.5           7,202.9        3,572.6          49.6%
                         Depreciation and amortization expenses                        1,000.8           913.2            87.5           9.6%
                         Tax and surcharges                                              115.8            84.4            31.4          37.2%
                         Other operating expenses and costs                            2,088.7          2,099.3          (10.7)         (0.5%)
                         Impairment losses under expected credit loss model              972.8           159.6           813.2         509.5%
                         Total                                                       14,953.5         10,459.4         4,494.1          43.0%


                         Staff costs amounted to RMB10,775.5 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB3,572.6 million or 49.6%,
                         mainly due to an improvement in the operating results of the Group compared with that in 2019 and an increase in
                         the number of staff.


                         Depreciation and amortization expenses amounted to RMB1,000.8 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
                         RMB87.5 million or 9.6%, mainly due to an increase in depreciation of right-of-use assets, properties and equipment.


                         Tax and surcharges amounted to RMB115.8 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB31.4 million or
                         37.2%, mainly due to an increase in the taxable revenue of value-added tax, resulting in a corresponding increase in
                         surcharges of value-added tax.


                         Other operating expenses and costs amounted to RMB2,088.7 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of
                         RMB10.7 million or 0.5%.


                         Impairment losses under expected credit loss model amounted to RMB972.8 million, representing a year-on-year
                         increase of RMB813.2 million or 509.5%. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in impairment losses
                         provided for financing business including margin financing and securities lending, stock-pledged repurchase and
                         agreed repurchase and an increase in impairment losses provided for accounts receivables and other receivables. The
                         Group cautiously assesses its credit risk, and comprehensively and reasonably recognizes impairment losses by taking
                         into account credit status and performance guarantee of clients and forward-looking information.
                                                         China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   071




2.   segment Results
     We have six principal business segments: Investment Banking, Equities, FICC, Asset Management, Private Equity and
     Wealth Management. The segment Others mainly comprises of other business departments and back offices.


                                                                                                       Unit: RMB in million


                                                                                                                     % of
     Items                                                           2020         2019            Change         change
     Investment Banking
       Segment revenue and other income                        6,127.4          3,865.2            2,262.2          58.5%
         Fee and commission income                             5,134.0          3,359.7            1,774.3          52.8%
         Interest income                                             51.0          34.9               16.1          46.2%
         Investment income                                       941.4            461.4              480.0        104.0%
         Other income, net                                            1.1            9.2              (8.1)       (88.0%)
       Interest expenses                                         (253.5)         (146.6)            (106.9)         72.9%
       Revenue and other income after interest                 5,873.9          3,718.6            2,155.3          58.0%
       Non-interest expenses (2)
                                                               (4,013.9)        (2,390.3)         (1,623.6)         67.9%
       Profit before income tax                                1,860.0          1,328.3              531.7          40.0%
                                                                                             Decreased by
                                                                                            4.0 percentage
       Segment margin(3)                                         30.4%           34.4%              points


     Investment income of Investment Banking grew significantly compared with that in 2019, primarily resulting from a
     substantial increase in the gains from securities positions held under the following-investment mechanism on STAR
     Market amid a stock market with an upward trajectory in 2020.
072   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                                                                                                         % of
                         Items                                                            2020             2019            Change      change
                         Equities
                           Segment revenue and other income                            6,881.7          4,101.1             2,780.7     67.8%
                              Fee and commission income                                2,489.1          1,668.9               820.2     49.1%
                              Interest income                                            582.3            341.8               240.5     70.4%
                              Investment income                                        5,264.4          2,025.9             3,238.5    159.9%
                              Other (losses)/income, net                              (1,454.1)            64.5            (1,518.6)      N/A
                           Interest expenses                                            (953.7)          (622.7)             (331.0)    53.2%
                           Revenue and other income after interest                     5,928.0          3,478.3             2,449.7     70.4%
                           Non-interest expenses(2)                                   (1,893.2)         (1,163.9)            (729.2)    62.7%
                           Profit before income tax                                    4,034.8          2,314.4             1,720.4     74.3%
                                                                                                                       Increased by
                                                                                                                     2.2 percentage
                           Segment margin(3)                                            58.6%            56.4%               points


                         Investment income of Equities increased significantly year on year, mainly due to the enlarged business scale of
                         OTC derivatives amid a stock market with an upward trajectory and booming trading demand in 2020, resulting in a
                         corresponding growth in investment income. The variation of other losses from other income in 2019 was primarily
                         attributable to the changes in gains and losses from foreign exchange derivatives under the effect of exchange rate
                         fluctuations. After taking into account its hedge position, the Group had a limited exposure to currency risk and to
                         volatility of gains and losses associated with its foreign exchange derivatives business.
                                                     China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   073




                                                                                                                 % of
Items                                                         2020             2019           Change         change
FICC
  Segment revenue and other income                          5,959.9         5,663.3              296.6           5.2%
       Fee and commission income                              647.4           948.3             (301.0)       (31.7%)
       Interest income                                      1,310.8         1,285.7               25.1           1.9%
       Investment income                                    4,525.1         3,349.2            1,175.9          35.1%
       Other (losses)/income, net                            (523.4)           80.1             (603.5)           N/A
  Interest expenses                                        (2,760.8)        (3,045.0)            284.2         (9.3%)
  Revenue and other income after interest                   3,199.1         2,618.3              580.8          22.2%
  Non-interest expenses(2)                                   (793.8)         (759.9)             (33.8)          4.5%
  Profit before income tax                                  2,405.3         1,858.4              546.9          29.4%
                                                                                          Increased by
                                                                                        7.5 percentage
  Segment margin(3)                                          40.4%           32.8%              points


The variation of other losses of FICC from other income in 2019 was primarily attributable to the changes in gains and
losses from foreign exchange derivatives under the effect of exchange rate fluctuations. After taking into account its
hedge position, the Group had a limited exposure to currency risk and to volatility of gains and losses associated with
its foreign exchange derivatives business.
074   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                                                                                                         % of
                         Items                                                          2020            2019            Change        change
                         Asset Management       (1)


                           Segment revenue and other income                          1,316.3           619.9               696.4       112.3%
                              Fee and commission income                              1,149.4           607.5               541.9        89.2%
                              Interest income                                           14.7              6.8                7.8       115.2%
                              Investment income                                        157.8              4.7              153.1      3,270.3%
                              Other (losses)/income, net                                 (5.5)            1.0               (6.5)         N/A
                           Interest expenses                                            (47.9)          (47.1)              (0.7)        1.5%
                           Revenue and other income after interest                   1,268.4           572.8               695.7       121.5%
                           Non-interest expenses(2)                                   (891.2)          (528.6)            (362.7)       68.6%
                           Share of profits of associates and joint ventures            10.6              1.3                9.3       709.7%
                           Profit before income tax                                    387.8             45.5              342.3       752.1%
                                                                                                                    Increased by
                                                                                                                 22.1 percentage
                           Segment margin(3)                                          29.5%             7.3%              points


                         Investment income of Asset Management increased notably year on year, mainly due to a growth in net gains from
                         investments in bonds, funds and asset management schemes at fair value through profit or loss. The significant year-
                         on-year increase of interest income was primarily attributable to an increase in interest income on the investment fund
                         raised for asset management schemes.
                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   075




                                                                                                                  % of
Items                                                          2020             2019           Change          change
Private Equity(1)


  Segment revenue and other income                           2,030.9          1,448.0             582.9          40.3%
    Fee and commission income                                1,472.8          1,178.4             294.4          25.0%
    Interest income                                             17.7              3.2              14.5         452.8%
    Investment income                                          488.6           212.3              276.3         130.1%
    Other income, net                                           51.8            54.1               (2.2)         (4.2%)
  Interest expenses                                            (65.1)           (67.8)              2.7          (4.0%)
  Revenue and other income after interest                    1,965.8          1,380.2             585.6          42.4%
  Non-interest expenses(2)                                    (861.6)          (666.9)           (194.7)         29.2%
  Share of profits of associates and joint ventures             29.7            69.5              (39.8)        (57.3%)
  Profit before income tax                                   1,133.8           782.8              351.0          44.8%
                                                                                           Increased by
                                                                                         1.8 percentage
  Segment margin(3)                                           55.8%            54.1%             points


Investment income of Private Equity increased significantly year on year, mainly due to a substantial increase in net
gains from investment in private equity investment funds. The notable growth of interest income was primarily
attributable to an increase in interest income from other business.
076   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                                                                                                          % of
                         Items                                                          2020            2019            Change         change
                         Wealth Management
                           Segment revenue and other income                          8,421.7          5,572.8            2,848.9         51.1%
                              Fee and commission income                              4,711.1          2,934.5            1,776.6         60.5%
                              Interest income                                        3,160.8          2,685.3              475.5         17.7%
                              Investment income                                        515.8            (68.6)             584.4           N/A
                              Other income, net                                          34.0            21.6               12.3         57.1%
                           Interest expenses                                         (1,693.9)       (1,656.1)             (37.8)         2.3%
                           Revenue and other income after interest                   6,727.7          3,916.7            2,811.0         71.8%
                           Non-interest expenses(2)                                  (4,838.9)       (2,850.7)          (1,988.2)        69.7%
                           Share of losses of associates and joint ventures             (52.2)            (6.6)            (45.6)       693.3%
                           Profit before income tax                                  1,836.6          1,059.5              777.2         73.4%
                                                                                                                    Increased by
                                                                                                                  2.8 percentage
                           Segment margin(3)                                          21.8%            19.0%              points


                         The variation of investment income of Wealth Management from that in 2019 was primarily attributable to an increase
                         in net gains from debt investments at fair value, as well as the enlarged business scale of OTC derivatives amid a stock
                         market with an upward trajectory and rising trading demand in 2020.
                                                             China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report         077




                                                                                                                                % of
Items                                                                    2020              2019          Change            change
Others    (4)


      Segment revenue and other income                                 1,664.0           1,512.3             151.7              10.0%
        Fee and commission income                                         10.9              35.7             (24.8)         (69.5%)
        Interest income                                                  507.7             442.5              65.2              14.7%
        Investment income                                              1,265.7             973.9             291.8              30.0%
        Other (losses)/income, net                                      (120.3)             60.2            (180.5)              N/A
      Segment expenses                                                (4,588.9)         (3,595.7)           (993.2)             27.6%
      Share of losses of associates and joint ventures                   (20.9)              (3.9)           (17.1)         443.2%
      Loss before income tax                                          (2,945.8)         (2,087.3)           (858.6)             41.1%


The variation of other losses of Others from other income in 2019 was primarily attributable to the changes in gains
and losses from foreign exchange derivatives under the effect of exchange rate fluctuations. After taking into account
its hedge position, the Group had a limited exposure to currency risk and to volatility of gains and losses associated
with its foreign exchange derivatives business.

(1)      As of December 31, 2020, based on the Group’s strategic layout and needs of internal management, the former Investment
         Management was divided into and presented as Asset Management and Private Equity. The information of comparative
         period was restated accordingly.

(2)      Non-interest expenses include fee and commission expenses, staff costs, depreciation and amortization expenses, tax and
         surcharges, other operating expenses and costs, and impairment losses under expected credit loss model.

(3)      Segment margin = profit before income tax/segment revenue and other income.

(4)      The segment margin of Others is not presented as this segment incurred loss before income tax in the relevant years.
078   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




            (vi) analysis of Items in statement of Financial Position
                  1.     Items of assets
                         As of December 31, 2020, the Group’s total assets amounted to RMB521,620.5 million, representing a year-on-year
                         increase of RMB176,649.3 million or 51.2%. Excluding accounts payable to brokerage clients and to underwriting
                         clients, the Group’s adjusted total assets as of December 31, 2020 amounted to RMB450,965.3 million, representing a
                         year-on-year increase of RMB158,809.4 million or 54.4%. A breakdown of the Group’s assets is presented as follows:


                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB in million


                                                                                 December 31,   December 31,                            % of
                         Items                                                          2020            2019        Change            change
                         Property and equipment and intangible assets                 1,059.2         1,014.6           44.6             4.4%
                         Interests in associates and joint ventures                   1,188.9         1,168.5           20.4             1.7%
                         Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss      247,605.7      168,191.9        79,413.8            47.2%
                         Financial assets at fair value through
                           other comprehensive income                                37,212.2       28,985.8         8,226.4            28.4%
                         Receivable from margin clients and reverse REPOs            52,315.5       37,488.9        14,826.6            39.5%
                         Accounts receivable                                         43,493.8       17,876.6        25,617.2          143.3%
                         Derivative financial assets                                 12,311.3         4,502.2        7,809.1          173.4%
                         Cash held on behalf of clients                              60,950.7       48,458.8        12,491.9            25.8%
                         Cash and bank balances                                      47,161.1       23,958.9        23,202.1            96.8%
                         Others                                                      18,322.2       13,325.1         4,997.1            37.5%
                         Total                                                      521,620.5      344,971.2       176,649.3            51.2%
                                                              China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   079




The charts below set forth the composition of the Group’s assets as of the dates indicated:


Composition of assets as of                                           Composition of assets as of
December 31, 2020                                                     December 31, 2019

                  3.6%                                                                 3.9%
                                    9.0%                                                               6.9%
         0.2%                                                                  0.3%
  0.2%                                       11.7%                      0.3%                                  14.0%

                                                 2.4%                                                           1.3%
                                                 8.3%                                                           5.2%

                                                 10.0%                                                          10.9%

                                             7.1%                                                             8.4%
47.5%                                                                 48.8%



  Property and equipment and intangible assets                        Accounts receivable
  Interests in associates and joint ventures                          Derivative financial assets
  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss               Cash held on behalf of clients
  Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   Cash and bank balances
  Receivable from margin clients and reverse REPOs                    Others
080   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




                         INVestMeNts
                         The Group’s investments consisted of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, interests in
                         associates and joint ventures, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and derivative financial assets.


                         As of December 31, 2020, the investments of the Group amounted to RMB298,318.0 million, representing a
                         year-on-year increase of RMB95,469.6 million or 47.1%. A breakdown of the Group’s investments is presented as
                         follows:


                                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB in million


                                                                                 December 31,       December 31,                                   % of
                         Items                                                           2020               2019            Change               change
                         Financial assets at fair value through
                           other comprehensive income                                 37,212.2           28,985.8            8,226.4              28.4%
                         Interests in associates and joint ventures                    1,188.9            1,168.5               20.4               1.7%
                         Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss      247,605.7           168,191.9           79,413.8              47.2%
                         Derivative financial assets                                  12,311.3            4,502.2            7,809.1             173.4%
                         Total                                                      298,318.0           202,848.4           95,469.6              47.1%


                        Financial assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income
                         As of December 31, 2020, the Group’s financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income amounted
                         to RMB37,212.2 million, accounting for 7.1% of the Group’s total assets. The financial assets at fair value through other
                         comprehensive income increased by RMB8,226.4 million or 28.4% year on year, mainly due to an increase in scale of
                         debt investments. A breakdown of the Group’s financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income is
                         presented as follows:


                                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB in million


                                                                                 December 31,       December 31,                                   % of
                         Items                                                           2020               2019            Change               change
                         Debt investments                                             37,212.2           28,985.8            8,226.4              28.4%
                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report    081




Interests in associates and Joint Ventures
As of December 31, 2020, the Group’s interests in associates and joint ventures amounted to RMB1,188.9 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of RMB20.4 million or 1.7% and accounting for 0.2% of the Group’s total assets. A
breakdown of the Group’s interests in associates and joint ventures is presented as follows:


                                                                                                     Unit: RMB in million


                                                    December 31,       December 31,                               % of
Items                                                        2020              2019            Change           change
Associates                                                  610.5              624.4             (13.9)          (2.2%)
Joint ventures                                              578.4              544.1              34.2             6.3%
Total                                                      1,188.9           1,168.5              20.4             1.7%
082   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




                        Financial assets at Fair Value through Profit or Loss
                         As of December 31, 2020, the Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit or loss amounted to RMB247,605.7
                         million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB79,413.8 million or 47.2% and accounting for 47.5% of the Group’s
                         total assets. The investment categories are listed as follows:


                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB in million


                                                                                  December 31,   December 31,                           % of
                         Items                                                            2020           2019       Change            change
                         Equity investments
                         – Hedge position held for OTC derivative transactions        94,732.8       62,114.4       32,618.4           52.5%
                         – Financial assets of consolidated structured entities        6,779.1         2,117.9       4,661.2          220.1%
                         – Equity investments held directly by the Group               9,408.3         5,457.2       3,951.1           72.4%
                         Subtotal                                                    110,920.2       69,689.5       41,230.7           59.2%
                         Debt investments
                         – Financial assets of consolidated structured entities        3,788.8         7,017.9      (3,229.1)         (46.0%)
                         – Debt investments held directly by the Group                77,025.7       69,112.9        7,912.8           11.4%
                         Subtotal                                                     80,814.5       76,130.8        4,683.6             6.2%
                         Funds and other investments
                         – Financial assets of consolidated structured entities       12,676.8         1,359.9      11,316.8          832.2%
                         – Funds and other investments held directly by the
                           Group                                                      43,194.3       21,011.6       22,182.7          105.6%
                         Subtotal                                                     55,871.0       22,371.5       33,499.5          149.7%
                         Total                                                       247,605.7      168,191.9       79,413.8           47.2%
                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report      083




The Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit or loss represented a year-on-year increase of RMB79,413.8
million or 47.2% and mainly consisted of the following categories:


–     RMB23,244.6 million in financial assets of consolidated structured entities in which the Group held interests,
      accounting for 9.4% of the total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. The financial assets of these
      consolidated structured entities included RMB6,779.1 million of equity investments, primarily listed stocks;
      RMB3,788.8 million of debt investments, most of which were debt securities above investment grade and
      securitized products; and RMB12,676.8 million of funds and other investments, mainly private equity investment
      funds and money market funds;


–     RMB94,732.8 million of investments in hedge equity position held for OTC derivative transactions by the
      Group, consisting of underlying assets under the OTC derivatives trading agreements into which the Group
      had entered with its clients, accounting for 38.3% of the total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.
      These underlying assets were held to hedge the market risks associated with OTC derivative trading whereby
      the volatility in fair value of the underlying assets was mainly assumed by the clients and had no material impact
      on the Group’s profit or loss;


–     RMB9,408.3 million of equity investments held directly by the Group, accounting for 3.8% of the total financial
      assets at fair value through profit or loss, most of which were investments in the private equity investment
      funds;


–     RMB77,025.7 million in debt investments held directly by the Group, accounting for 31.1% of the total financial
      assets at fair value through profit or loss, most of which were debt securities above investment grade and
      securitized products;


–     RMB43,194.3 million in funds and other investments held directly by the Group, accounting for 17.4% of the
      total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, most of which were money market funds, fixed-income
      trusts and ETFs with high liquidity and low risks.
084   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




                        derivative Financial assets
                         As of December 31, 2020, the Group’s derivative financial assets amounted to RMB12,311.3 million, representing a year-
                         on-year increase of RMB7,809.1 million or 173.4% and accounting for 2.4% of the Group’s total assets, mainly due to a
                         growth of derivative financial assets under equity contracts. The growth was mainly attributable to an increase in the
                         scale of OTC derivative transactions based on trading demands of clients as well as the fluctuation in valuation of the
                         OTC derivatives caused by changes of stock prices. A breakdown of the Group’s derivative financial assets is presented
                         as follows:


                                                                                                                            Unit: RMB in million


                                                                             December 31,       December 31,                              % of
                         Items                                                        2020               2019        Change            change
                         Interest rate contracts                                     742.1              558.9           183.2            32.8%
                         Currency contracts                                         1,925.5             209.9         1,715.6          817.4%
                         Equity contracts                                           9,045.9            3,195.1        5,850.8          183.1%
                         Credit contracts                                              10.1                2.3            7.9          344.3%
                         Other contracts                                             587.6              536.0            51.6             9.6%
                         Total                                                    12,311.3             4,502.2        7,809.1          173.4%


                         ReCeIVaBLe FROM MaRGIN CLIeNts aNd ReVeRse RePOs
                         As of December 31, 2020, the Group’s receivable from margin clients and reverse REPOs totalled RMB52,315.5 million,
                         representing a year-on-year increase of RMB14,826.6 million or 39.5%, mainly due to an increase in scale of margin
                         financing and securities lending business with domestic individual clients.
                                                     China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report    085




PROPeRty aNd eQuIPMeNt aNd INtaNGIBLe assets
As of December 31, 2020, the Group’s property and equipment and intangible assets totalled RMB1,059.2 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of RMB44.6 million or 4.4%. A breakdown of the Group’s property and equipment
and intangible assets is presented as follows:


                                                                                                    Unit: RMB in million


                                                   December 31,      December 31,                                % of
Items                                                       2020              2019            Change           change
Property and equipment                                     748.4             729.5               18.9             2.6%
Intangible assets                                          310.8             285.1               25.7             9.0%
Total                                                     1,059.2           1,014.6              44.6             4.4%


CasH HeLd ON BeHaLF OF CLIeNts
The Group’s cash held on behalf of clients consisted of cash held on behalf of brokerage clients and underwriting
clients. As of December 31, 2020, it amounted to RMB60,950.7 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
RMB12,491.9 million or 25.8%, mainly due to an increase in deposits from brokerage clients.


CasH aNd BaNK BaLaNCes
As of December 31, 2020, the Group’s cash and bank balances amounted to RMB47,161.1 million, representing a year-
on-year increase of RMB23,202.1 million or 96.8%, mainly due to an increase in self-owned funds.
086   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




                  2.     Items of Liabilities
                         As of December 31, 2020, the Group’s total liabilities amounted to RMB449,805.4 million, representing a year-on-year
                         increase of RMB153,365.7 million or 51.7%. Excluding accounts payable to brokerage clients and to underwriting
                         clients, the Group’s adjusted total liabilities as of December 31, 2020 amounted to RMB379,150.2 million, representing a
                         year-on-year increase of RMB135,525.8 million or 55.6%. A breakdown of the Group’s liabilities is presented as follows:


                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB in million


                                                                                      December 31,   December 31,                          % of
                         Items                                                               2020           2019      Change            change
                         Accounts payable to brokerage clients and to
                           underwriting clients                                           70,655.2       52,815.4     17,839.8            33.8%
                         Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
                           and derivative financial liabilities                           67,574.1       32,932.5     34,641.6           105.2%
                         Placements from financial institutions, short-term
                           debt securities issued and long-term debt
                           securities issued due within one year                          84,395.4       67,128.8     17,266.6            25.7%
                         REPOs                                                            25,101.1       24,708.3        392.8             1.6%
                         Long-term debt securities issued                                104,614.5       57,585.3     47,029.2            81.7%
                         Others                                                           97,465.1       61,269.5     36,195.6            59.1%
                         Total                                                           449,805.4      296,439.7    153,365.7            51.7%
                                                         China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   087




The following charts set out the composition of the Group’s liabilities as of the dates indicated:


Composition of liabilities as of                                Composition of liabilities as of
december 31, 2020                                               december 31, 2019


       23.3%                              21.6%                        19.4%                            20.8%


                                                 15.7%                                                        17.8%



5.6%                                                            8.3%

                                              15.0%                                                         11.1%
       18.8%                                                             22.6%


  Accounts payable to brokerage clients and to                   REPOs
    underwriting clients
                                                                 Long-term debt securities issued
  Financial liabilities at fair value through profit
     or loss and derivative financial liabilities                Others
  Placements from financial institutions, short-term
     debt securities issued and long-term debt
     securities issued due within one year
088   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis



                         As of December 31, 2020, the Group’s accounts payable to brokerage clients amounted to RMB70,655.2 million,
                         representing a year-on-year increase of RMB22,317.3 million or 46.2%, mainly due to an increase in the balance of
                         client deposits. A breakdown of the Group’s accounts payable to brokerage clients is presented as follows:


                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB in million


                                                                                December 31,       December 31,                             % of
                         Items                                                           2020               2019      Change              change
                         Individual clients                                          34,167.1            29,686.3      4,480.7             15.1%
                         Institutional/corporate clients                             36,476.4            18,643.7     17,832.8             95.7%
                         Accrued interest                                                 11.7                7.9           3.8            48.3%
                         Total                                                       70,655.2            48,337.9     22,317.3             46.2%


                         As of December 31, 2020, the Group’s financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss and derivative financial
                         liabilities totalled RMB67,574.1 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB34,641.6 million or 105.2%, mainly
                         due to an increase in business scale of the Group’s overseas OTC derivatives amid surge in trading demands, resulting
                         in the corresponding growth of liabilities in relation to the client trading.


                         As of December 31, 2020, the Group’s placements from financial institutions, short-term debt securities issued and
                         long-term debt securities issued due within one year totalled RMB84,395.4 million, representing a year-on-year increase
                         of RMB17,266.6 million or 25.7%, mainly due to the increased placements from financial institutions for developing the
                         Group’s balance sheet business. A breakdown of the Group’s placements from financial institutions, short-term debt
                         securities issued and long-term debt securities issued due within one year is presented as follows:


                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB in million


                                                                                December 31,       December 31,                             % of
                         Items                                                           2020               2019      Change              change
                         Beneficiary certificates                                    21,581.0            15,885.8      5,695.2             35.9%
                         Corporate bonds                                             10,018.4            19,469.8      (9,451.3)          (48.5%)
                         Subordinated bonds                                           5,029.6             1,041.4      3,988.3            383.0%
                         Medium-term notes                                            7,338.6                  –       7,338.6               N/A
                         Structured notes                                             5,911.4             6,649.5       (738.2)           (11.1%)
                         Placements from financial institutions                      34,516.4            24,082.4     10,434.0             43.3%
                         Total                                                       84,395.4            67,128.8     17,266.6             25.7%
                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report      089




As of December 31, 2020, the Group’s REPOs amounted to RMB25,101.1 million, representing a year-on-year increase
of RMB392.8 million or 1.6%.


As of December 31, 2020, the Group’s long-term debt securities issued amounted to RMB104,614.5 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of RMB47,029.2 million or 81.7%. The Group’s long-term debt securities issued
in 2020 included 23 tranches of corporate bonds with an aggregate principal of RMB55,000.0 million, 2 tranches of
subordinated bonds with an aggregate principal of RMB3,500.0 million, 2 tranches of long-term beneficiary certificates
with an aggregate principal of RMB1,500.0 million and 2 tranches of USD-denominated medium-term notes with an
aggregate principal of US$1,500.0 million. A breakdown of the Group’s long-term debt securities issued is presented as
follows:


                                                                                                     Unit: RMB in million


                                                    December 31,       December 31,                                   % of
Items                                                        2020              2019           Change            change
Beneficiary certificates                                   1,502.5           1,004.1             498.4               49.6%
Subordinated bonds                                        19,872.8          21,366.7          (1,493.9)              (7.0%)
Corporate bonds                                           64,386.9          18,704.1          45,682.8          244.2%
Financial bonds                                            2,530.9           2,530.6               0.2                0.0%
Medium-term notes                                         16,321.4          13,979.7           2,341.7               16.8%
Total                                                   104,614.5           57,585.3          47,029.2               81.7%


As of December 31, 2020, the Group’s other liabilities amounted to RMB97,465.1 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of RMB36,195.6 million or 59.1%, mainly due to the increase in trade payable for derivative transactions.
090   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




                  3.     Items of equity
                         As of December 31, 2020, the Group’s total equity attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to
                         RMB71,634.9 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB23,341.1 million or 48.3%. The increase mainly
                         consisted of RMB13,032.1 million from A Share Offering and Listing, RMB5,000.0 million from issuance of perpetual
                         subordinated bonds and operational accumulations. A breakdown of the Group’s equity is presented as follows:


                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB in million


                                                                            December 31,      December 31,                               % of
                         Items                                                       2020              2019         Change            change
                         Share capital                                            4,827.3            4,368.7           458.6            10.5%
                         Capital reserve                                         39,533.3          26,931.6         12,601.6            46.8%
                         Surplus reserve                                            995.6             736.6            259.0            35.2%
                         General reserves                                         4,074.3            3,201.2           873.1            27.3%
                         Investment revaluation reserve                              37.9             191.0           (153.1)         (80.1%)
                         Foreign currency translation reserve                       (632.3)            84.1           (716.4)            N/A
                         Retained profits                                        17,798.9          11,780.6          6,018.3            51.1%
                         Other equity instruments                                 5,000.0            1,000.0         4,000.0           400.0%
                         Total equity attributable to shareholders of
                           the Company                                           71,634.9          48,293.8         23,341.1            48.3%


                         As of December 31, 2020, the Group’s investment revaluation reserve amounted to RMB37.9 million, representing a
                         year-on-year decrease of RMB153.1 million or 80.1%, mainly due to the losses arising from the changes in fair value of
                         financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income during the year.
                                                                China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   091




(vii) Contingent Liabilities                                    V. s I G N I F I C a N t I N V e s t M e N t a N d
    The Group is exposed to the risk of economic benefit
                                                                   FINaNCING aCtIVItIes OF OuR
    outflows due to litigations, arbitrations or regulatory
                                                                   GROuP
    investigations in the course of operations. The                   (i)   equity Investment
    Group, after having assessed in accordance with
                                                                            During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have
    the International Accounting Standard, believes
                                                                            significant equity investments.
    that the probability for the occurrence of such risk
    is relatively low. The Group had no outstanding
                                                                      (ii) equity Financing
    contingent matters which had a material impact on
    its consolidated financial position as of 31 December                   Reference is made to the announcements issued
    2020.                                                                   by the Company on February 28, April 14, May 11,
                                                                            May 15, September 1, September 17, September 25,
(viii) Pledge of assets of the Group                                        October 12, October 16, October 19, October 21,
                                                                            October 22, October 26 and October 30, 2020, and
    The Group has no pledge of assets as of December
                                                                            the circular issued by the Company on March 30,
    31, 2020.
                                                                            2020, in relation to, among others, the initial public
                                                                            offering of RMB ordinary shares (A Shares) and listing
(ix) Income tax Policy
                                                                            of the Company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
    In accordance with the Enterprise Income Tax Law                        In order to satisfy the capital needs of business
    of the PRC (中華人民共和國企業所得稅法) and                                          development of the Company, on April 14, 2020,
    the Provisions of Implementation for the Enterprise                     the Company held the 2020 second extraordinary
    Income Tax Law of the PRC (中華人民共和國企業                                    general meeting, the 2020 first domestic
    所得稅法實施條例), the statutory corporate income                               shareholders’ class meeting, the 2020 first H
    tax rate applicable to our Company and our PRC                          shareholders’ class meeting, at which the proposals
    subsidiaries is 25%. Our Hong Kong subsidiaries are                     in relation to the A Share Offering and Listing were
    subject to a tax rate of 16.5% on their assessable                      considered and approved.
    profit. The Company’s income tax computation and
    payment are governed by the Announcement of
    the State Administration of Taxation on Printing
    and Distributing the Administrative Measures for
    Collection of Consolidated Payments of Enterprise
    Income Tax by the Enterprises with Trans-regional
    Operations (
               《國家稅務總局關於印發〈跨地區經
                        )
    營匯總納稅企業所得稅徵收管理辦法〉的公告》
    (Public Notice of the State Administration of Taxation
    [2012] No.57). During the year ended December
    31, 2020, we had fulfilled all our tax obligations and
    did not have any unresolved tax disputes with the
    relevant tax authorities in China or other jurisdictions.
092   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis



                  On September 25, 2020, CSRC officially notified
                  the Company in writing that the A Share Offering
                  and Listing of the Company was approved. On
                  November 2, 2020, the Company completed the A
                  Share Offering and Listing on the Shanghai Stock
                  Exchange. A total of 458,589,000 A Shares at nominal
                  value of RMB1.00 per share were issued by the
                  Company to qualified natural person or institutional
                  investors (except for investors prohibited by laws
                  and regulations and other regulatory bylaws
                  governing the Company) at a price of RMB28.78 per
                  share, with total nominal value of RMB458,589,000,
                  and a total of 2,464,953,440 domestic shares held
                  by the original domestic shareholders of the
                  Company were converted into 2,464,953,440 A
                  Shares. The total proceeds raised from this issuance
                  were RMB13,198.1914 million, and after deducting
                  the offering expenses, the net proceeds were
                  RMB13,032.0615 million, with the net proceeds per
                  share of approximately RMB28.42.


                  After the completion of the A Share Offering and
                  Listing, the total number of issued Shares of the
                  Company was 4,827,256,868 Shares (including
                  1,903,714,428 H Shares and 2,923,542,440 A Shares).


                  Save as disclosed above, the Group had no material
                  equity financing during the Reporting Period.
                                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report              093




(iii) debt Financing
        As of December 31, 2020, the Group’s outstanding bonds are set out below:


                                     Size of
Type           Tranche             Issuance    Date of Value   Maturity Date       Interest Rate   Remarks
               16 CICC 01          RMB3,000    July 18,        July 18,                   3.58%    The Company has an option to redeem such
                                     million   2016            2021                                bond on July 18, 2019. According to the
                                                                                                   Company’s announcement dated June 28, 2019,
                                                                                                   the Company announced to waive the option
                                                                                                   to redeem such bond, and opted to increase the
                                                                                                   coupon rate from 2.99% to 3.58% for the last two
                                                                                                   years of the duration of such bond, and hence
                                                                                                   was obligated to redeem such bond if required
                                                                                                   by the investors. On July 18, 2019, the Company
                                                                                                   has redeemed such bond as requested by
                                                                                                   investors who excised put options, and the
                                                                                                   remaining amount of such bond following the
                                                                                                   redemption was RMB2,876 million.


               16 CICC 02          RMB1,000    July 18,        July 18,                   3.29%    Our Company has an option to redeem such
                                     million   2016            2023                                bond on July 18, 2021. If the early redemption
                                                                                                   option is not exercised at the end of the fifth
Corporate                                                                                          year, the Company has an option to increase the
bonds                                                                                              coupon rate and an obligation to redeem such
                                                                                                   bond if required by the investors.


               16 CICC 04           RMB900     October 27,     October 27,                3.13%    Our Company has an option to redeem
                                     million   2016            2023                                such bond on October 27, 2021. If the early
                                                                                                   redemption option is not exercised at the end
                                                                                                   of the fifth year, the Company has an option to
                                                                                                   increase the coupon rate and an obligation to
                                                                                                   redeem such bond if required by the investors.


               17 CICC 03          RMB1,000    May 8,          May 8,                     5.19%
                                     million   2017            2022


               18 CICC 02          RMB1,000    January 26,     January 26,                5.70%
                                     million   2018            2021


               18 CICC 04          RMB1,000    April 24,       April 24,                  4.94%
                                     million   2018            2021
094   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                  Size of
            Type          Tranche               Issuance    Date of Value   Maturity Date   Interest Rate   Remarks
                          18 CICC 06           RMB1,000     June 28,        June 28,               5.30%
                                                  million   2018            2021


                          19 CICC 04           RMB1,500     November 21,    November 21,           3.52%    Our Company has an option to adjust the
                                                  million   2019            2025                            coupon rate on November 21, 2022 and an
                                                                                                            obligation to redeem such bond if required by
                                                                                                            the investors.


                          20 CICC F1           RMB4,000     February 26,    February 26,           3.20%    Our Company has an option to adjust the
                                                  million   2020            2025                            coupon rate on February 26, 2023 and an
                                                                                                            obligation to redeem such bond if required by
                                                                                                            the investors.


                          20 CICC G1           RMB1,500     April 3,        April 3,               2.89%    Our Company has an option to adjust the
                                                  million   2020            2026                            coupon rate on April 3, 2023 and an obligation
                                                                                                            to redeem such bond if required by the
                                                                                                            investors.


                          20 CICC G2           RMB1,000     April 3,        April 3,               3.25%    Our Company has an option to adjust the
            Corporate                             million   2020            2027                            coupon rate on April 3, 2025 and an obligation
            bonds                                                                                           to redeem such bond if required by the
                                                                                                            investors.


                          20 CICC G3           RMB3,300     May 6,          May 6,                 2.37%    Our Company has an option to adjust the
                                                  million   2020            2026                            coupon rate on May 6, 2023 and an obligation to
                                                                                                            redeem such bond if required by the investors.


                          20 CICC G4             RMB700     May 6,          May 6,                 2.88%    Our Company has an option to adjust the
                                                  million   2020            2027                            coupon rate on May 6, 2025 and an obligation to
                                                                                                            redeem such bond if required by the investors.


                          20 CICC F2           RMB3,000     May 28,         May 28,                2.95%    Our Company has an option to adjust the
                                                  million   2020            2025                            coupon rate on May 28, 2023 and an obligation
                                                                                                            to redeem such bond if required by the
                                                                                                            investors.


                          20 CICC G5           RMB1,500     June 22,        June 22,               3.10%    Our Company has an option to adjust the
                                                  million   2020            2026                            coupon rate on June 22, 2023 and an obligation
                                                                                                            to redeem such bond if required by the
                                                                                                            investors.
                                                           China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report            095




                           Size of
Type        Tranche      Issuance    Date of Value   Maturity Date      Interest Rate   Remarks
            20 CICC F3   RMB3,000    July 24,        July 24,                  3.80%    Our Company has an option to adjust the
                           million   2020            2025                               coupon rate on July 24, 2023 and an obligation
                                                                                        to redeem such bond if required by the
                                                                                        investors.


            20 CICC 07   RMB5,000    September 10,   September 10,             3.78%    Our Company has an option to adjust the
                           million   2020            2025                               coupon rate on September 10, 2023 and an
                                                                                        obligation to redeem such bond if required by
                                                                                        the investors.


            20 CICC 09   RMB5,000    September 23,   September 23,             3.80%    Our Company has an option to adjust the
                           million   2020            2025                               coupon rate on September 23, 2023 and an
                                                                                        obligation to redeem such bond if required by
                                                                                        the investors.


            20 CICC 11   RMB2,500    October 19,     October 19,               3.50%    Our Company has an option to adjust the
                           million   2020            2023                               coupon rate on October 19, 2022 and an
                                                                                        obligation to redeem such bond if required by
                                                                                        the investors.


            20 CICC 12   RMB2,500    October 19,     October 19,               3.74%    Our Company has an option to adjust the
Corporate                  million   2020            2025                               coupon rate on October 19, 2023 and an
bonds                                                                                   obligation to redeem such bond if required by
                                                                                        the investors.


            20 CICC 13   RMB2,000    October 28,     October 28,               3.48%    Our Company has an option to adjust the
                           million   2020            2023                               coupon rate on October 28, 2022 and an
                                                                                        obligation to redeem such bond if required by
                                                                                        the investors.


            20 CICC 14   RMB3,000    October 28,     October 28,               3.68%    Our Company has an option to adjust the
                           million   2020            2025                               coupon rate on October 28, 2023 and an
                                                                                        obligation to redeem such bond if required by
                                                                                        the investors.


            20 CICC F4   RMB2,500    December 14,    December 14,              3.85%    Our Company has an option to adjust the
                           million   2020            2023                               coupon rate on December 14, 2022 and an
                                                                                        obligation to redeem such bond if required by
                                                                                        the investors.


            20 CICC F5   RMB2,500    December 14,    December 14,              4.09%    Our Company has an option to adjust the
                           million   2020            2025                               coupon rate on December 14, 2023 and an
                                                                                        obligation to redeem such bond if required by
                                                                                        the investors.
096   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                  Size of
            Type          Tranche               Issuance    Date of Value   Maturity Date    Interest Rate   Remarks
                          17 CISC F2           RMB1,000     July 18,        July 18,                5.10%
                                                  million   2017            2022


                          18 CISC 01           RMB1,000     March 23,       March 23,               5.95%
                                                  million   2018            2021


                          18 CISC 03           RMB1,000     September 21,   September 21,           4.99%
                                                  million   2018            2021


                          19 CISC 01           RMB2,000     April 22,       April 22, 2022          4.22%
                                                  million   2019


                          19 CICC              RMB3,000     October 16,     October 16,             3.58%    Our Company has an option to redeem
                          Wealth                  million   2019            2024                             such bond on October 16, 2022. If the early
                          Management                                                                         redemption option is not exercised at the end
                          01                                                                                 of the third year, the Company has an option
                                                                                                             to adjust the coupon rate and an obligation to
                                                                                                             redeem such bond if required by the investors.


            Corporate     20 CICC              RMB2,000     January 16,     January 16,             3.44%    Our Company has an option to redeem
            bonds         Wealth                  million   2020            2025                             such bond on January 16, 2023. If the early
                          Management                                                                         redemption option is not exercised at the end
                          G1                                                                                 of the third year, the Company has an option
                                                                                                             to adjust the coupon rate and an obligation to
                                                                                                             redeem such bond if required by the investors.


                          20 CICC              RMB3,000     April 9,        April 9,                3.17%    Our Company has an option to adjust the
                          Wealth                  million   2020            2025                             coupon rate on April 9, 2023 and an obligation
                          Management                                                                         to redeem such bond if required by the
                          F1                                                                                 investors.


                          20 CICC              RMB2,000     July 28,        July 28,                3.80%
                          Wealth                  million   2020            2023
                          Management
                          F2


                          20 CICC              RMB2,000     October 21,     October 21,             3.77%    Our Company has an option to adjust the
                          Wealth                  million   2020            2025                             coupon rate on October 21, 2023 and an
                          Management                                                                         obligation to redeem such bond if required by
                          G2                                                                                 the investors.
                                                               China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report           097




                              Size of
Type           Tranche      Issuance    Date of Value   Maturity Date       Interest Rate   Remarks
               20 CICC      RMB1,000    October 21,     October 21,                4.20%
               Wealth         million   2020            2025
               Management
               G3


               20 CICC      RMB1,000    November 24,    November 24,               3.98%    Our Company has an option to adjust the
Corporate      Wealth         million   2020            2025                                coupon rate on November 24, 2023 and an
bonds          Management                                                                   obligation to redeem such bond if required by
               G5                                                                           the investors.


               20 CICC      RMB1,000    December 15,    December 15,               3.85%    Our Company has an option to adjust the
               Wealth         million   2020            2025                                coupon rate on December 15, 2023 and an
               Management                                                                   obligation to redeem such bond if required by
               G6                                                                           the investors.
               19 CICC      RMB2,500    August 22,      August 22,                 3.39%
Financial
               Financial      million   2019            2022
bonds
               Bond 01
               16 CICC C2   RMB3,400    December 15,    December 15,               4.60%
                              million   2016            2021


               17 CICC C1    RMB600     May 22,         May 22,                    5.39%
                              million   2017            2022


               17 CICC C2   RMB1,500    July 24,        July 24,                   4.98%
                              million   2017            2022


               17 CICC C3   RMB1,500    November 16,    November 16,               5.50%
                              million   2017            2022
Subordinated
bonds
               18 CICC C1   RMB1,000    April 20,       April 20,                  5.30%
                              million   2018            2023


               18 CICC C2   RMB1,500    August 29,      August 29,                 4.70%
                              million   2018            2021


               19 CICC C1   RMB1,500    April 19,       April 19,                  4.20%
                              million   2019            2022


               19 CICC C3   RMB1,500    October 14,     October 14,                4.09%
                              million   2019            2024
098   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                  Size of
            Type           Tranche              Issuance    Date of Value   Maturity Date      Interest Rate       Remarks
                           19 CICC C4          RMB1,500     November 11,    November 11,                4.12%
                                                  million   2019            2024


                           19 CICC C5          RMB2,000     December 5,     December 5,                 4.20%
                                                  million   2019            2024


                           20 CICC C1          RMB1,500     February 17,    February 17,                3.85%
                                                  million   2020            2025


                           20 CICC Y1          RMB5,000     August 28,      –                      Bearing an      As at the end of each five-year period, the
                                                  million   2020                              interest rate of     Company has a right to extend the term of such
                                                                                            4.64% per annum        perpetual subordinated bonds for another five-
                                                                                               in the first five   year period.
                                                                                                   years, and
                                                                                             subject to reset
                                                                                              every five years

            Subordinated
                           17 CISC 02          RMB1,800     February 23,    February 23,                5.00%
            bonds
                                                  million   2017            2022


                           19 CISC C1          RMB3,000     April 25,       April 25,                   4.50%
                                                  million   2019            2022


                           20 CICC             RMB2,000     April 17,       April 17,                   3.80%
                           Wealth                 million   2020            2025
                           Management
                           C1


                           16 CICC               RMB100     December 16,    December 16,           Bearing an      CICC Futures has an option to redeem such
                           Futures                million   2016            2024              interest rate of     bond on December 16, 2021.
                                                                                            5.00% per annum
                                                                                               in the first five
                                                                                                 years; 8.00%
                                                                                               from the sixth
                                                                                               to eighth year
                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   099




                                     Size of
Type            Tranche             Issuance    Date of Value   Maturity Date        Interest Rate   Remarks
                The three-year       US$600     April 25,       April 25, 2021, or   3-month USD
                USD-denominated       million   2018            interest payment        LIBOR rate
                US$600 million                                  date nearest to           +1.20%
                guaranteed notes                                April 25, 2021
                with floating
                rate under the
                guaranteed
                medium-term note
                programme of CICC
                Hong Kong Finance
                2016 MTN Limited


                The three-year       US$400     September 11,   September 11,        3-month USD
                USD-denominated       million   2018            2021, or interest       LIBOR rate
                US$400 million                                  payment date              +1.20%
                guaranteed notes                                nearest to
                with floating                                   September 11,
Notes payable   rate under the                                  2021
                guaranteed
                medium-term note
                programme of CICC
                Hong Kong Finance
                2016 MTN Limited


                The three-year       US$700     May 3,          May 3, 2022, or      3-month USD
                USD-denominated       million   2019            interest payment        LIBOR rate
                US$700 million                                  date nearest to          +1.175%
                guaranteed notes                                May 3, 2022
                with floating
                rate under the
                guaranteed
                medium-term note
                programme of CICC
                Hong Kong Finance
                2016 MTN Limited
100   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                  Size of
            Type            Tranche             Issuance    Date of Value   Maturity Date      Interest Rate   Remarks
                            The three-year       US$300     May 3,          May 3,                   3.375%
                            USD-denominated       million   2019            2022
                            US$300 million
                            guaranteed
                            notes with fixed
                            rate under the
                            guaranteed
                            medium-term note
                            programme of CICC
                            Hong Kong Finance
                            2016 MTN Limited


                            The three-year      US$1,000    February 18,    February 18,       3-month USD
                            USD-denominated       million   2020            2023, or              LIBOR rate
                            US$1 billion                                    interest payment          +0.9%
                            guaranteed notes                                date nearest to
                            with floating                                   February 18,
            Notes payable   rate under the                                  2023
                            guaranteed
                            medium-term note
                            programme of CICC
                            Hong Kong Finance
                            2016 MTN Limited


                            The three-year       US$500     August 10,      August 10,                1.75%
                            USD-denominated       million   2020            2023
                            US$500 million
                            guaranteed
                            notes with fixed
                            rate under the
                            guaranteed
                            medium-term note
                            programme of CICC
                            Hong Kong Finance
                            2016 MTN Limited
                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   101




                                     Size of
Type            Tranche             Issuance    Date of Value   Maturity Date       Interest Rate   Remarks
                The 364-day USD-    US$123.2    September 28,   September 27,              1.05%
                denominated           million   2020            2021
                US$123.2 million
                guaranteed
                notes with fixed
Notes payable   rate under the
                guaranteed
                medium-term note
                programme of CICC
                Hong Kong Finance
                2016 MTN Limited


In addition, in 2020, the Group completed 1,873 issuances of beneficiary certificates, with an aggregate principal amount of
RMB65,663.92 million. As of December 31, 2020, the aggregate principal of the Group’s outstanding beneficiary certificates
amounted to RMB23,482.82 million. As of December 31, 2020, the balance of bank borrowings and overdrafts of the Group’s Hong
Kong subsidiaries amounted to approximately HK$400 million, US$1,013 million and RMB410 million.


In 2020, the Group completed the issuance of 26 tranches of corporate bonds, with an aggregate issuance size of RMB63,500
million.
102   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




      VI. RIsK MaNaGeMeNt                                                   risk management policy of our Company. The Board of
                                                                            Directors performs its risk management duties primarily
            Overview
                                                                            through the Risk Management Committee and the Audit
            Our Group has always believed that risk management              Committee; (ii) the Supervisory Committee assumes the
            creates value. The risk management of our Group aims            supervision duty on the effectiveness of the overall risk
            to effectively allocate risk-based capital, limit risks to a    management of our Company, and supervises and inspects
            controllable level, maximize the corporate value and            the fulfillment of the risk management duties performed by
            constantly solidify the foundation for the steady and           the Board of Directors and the Management Committee,
            sustainable development of our Group. Our Group has             and reviews the rectification of risk management
            sound corporate governance, effective risk management           deficiencies and findings; (iii) under the Board of Directors,
            measures and a strict internal control system.                  our Company has established the Management Committee
                                                                            chaired by the Chief Executive Officer. The Management
            Pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations and               Committee determines the risk appetite of our Company
            regulatory requirements, our Group has established a            in accordance with the overall risk management goals
            sound governance structure. The general meeting, the            set by the Board of Directors and assumes the major
            Board of Directors and the Supervisory Committee of             responsibility of ensuring the effectiveness of the overall
            our Company perform duties in accordance with the               risk management of our Company; (iv) the Risk Committee
            “Company Law”, the “Securities Law”, the “Guidance for          established under the Management Committee reports
            the Internal Control of Securities Companies” (
                                                         《證券公司              risk issues to the Management Committee and significant
                  ), the “Norms for the Comprehensive Risk
            內部控制指引》                                                         risk matters to the Risk Management Committee under
            Management of Securities Companies” (
                                               《證券公司全面風                     the Board of Directors. The Chief Operating Officer is
                 ) and the Articles of Association and supervise
            險管理規範》                                                          the chairman of the Risk Committee, and the Chief Risk
            and manage the business operations of our Group.                Officer and Chief Compliance Officer are the co-executive
            Through enhancing and improving the internal control            chairmen of the Risk Committee. Other members include
            structure, compliance and risk management culture, the          the Chief Financial Officer, heads of each of the business
            Board of Directors has made internal control and risk           departments and heads of independent departments
            management an essential aspect of the business operation        performing risk management functions. There are New
            management of our Group.                                        Product Committee, New Entity Review Committee,
                                                                            Capital Investment Committee, Capital Commitment
            Risk Management Framework                                       Committee, Proprietary Investment Decision Committee
                                                                            and Asset and Liability Management Committee under
            The Group has established a multi-level risk management
                                                                            Management Committee, which perform their duties in
            organizational structure which comprises the Board of
                                                                            respect of new business/new product approval, branch
            Directors, the Supervisory Committee, senior management,
                                                                            set-up and approval, approval of capital contribution from
            independent departments performing risk management
                                                                            owned funds, risk control of issuance and underwriting in
            functions, business departments and branches, of which, (i)
                                                                            investment banking business, management of investment
            the Board of Directors is the top level of our Company’s risk
                                                                            decision-making process of proprietary business,
            management and internal control governance structure
                                                                            management of assets and liabilities of the Company
            and is responsible for facilitating the enforcement of
                                                                            and etc.; (v) independent departments performing
            the firmwide risk management culture and reviewing
                                                                            risk management functions, including internal control
            and approving the overall risk management goals, risk
                                                                            departments such as Risk Management Department,
            appetite, risk tolerance, important risk limits and the
                                                                    China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report    103




Legal and Compliance Department, Treasury Department,
Financial Control Department, Operations Department,
Information Technology Department and Public Relations
Department, coordinate to manage various risks based on
their respective perspectives; and (vi) heads of business
departments and branches take the primary responsibility
for the effectiveness of risk management. During our
daily business operations, all staff involved in business
operations in our business departments and branches are
required to perform risk management functions.


The organizational structure of our Group’s risk
management is shown in the following chart:




                                   Board of Directors                                            Supervisory Committee


      Risk Management                                               Audit Committee
          Committee

                                 Chief Executive Officer                            Risk Committee

                                                                               New Product Committee
                                     Management
                                      Committee                              New Entity Review Committee

                                                                             Capital Investment Committee

                                                                                 Capital Commitment
                                                                                      Committee
                                                                                Proprietary Investment
                                                                                 Decision Committee
                                                                                 Asset and Liability
                                                                               Management Committee



   Legal and           Risk            Treasury             Financial             Other               Office of Risk     Internal Audit
  Compliance        Management        Department             Control           departments             Supervision        Department
  Department        Department                             Department         involved in risk
                                                                               management


                                 Business Lines, Subsidiaries and Branches
104   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




            Risk to Our Group’s Business activities and                         During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to
            Management Measures                                                 enhance risk management of the same business and
                                                                                the same customer. The Group formulated identification
            Risks related to business activities of our Group mainly
                                                                                standards for the same business to implement relatively
            include market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, operational
                                                                                consistent risk management standards and measures
            risk, IT risk, compliance risk, legal risk and reputational risk,
                                                                                for the same business and to identify, assess, measure,
            etc. During the Reporting Period, our Group proactively
                                                                                monitor and aggregate risks of the same business within
            responded to and managed risks through effective risk
                                                                                the Group in a unified manner. The Group also formulated
            management measures, which generally prevented the
                                                                                identification standards for the same customer to enhance
            occurrence of significant risk events and ensured the stable
                                                                                standardized and regulated management of information
            development of the business operation of our Group.
                                                                                of the same customer and to aggregate and monitor the
                                                                                business transactions in various business lines of the Group
            In 2020, due to the impact of the outbreak of COVID-19, the
                                                                                with the same customer, which will be implemented
            global economy was mired in recession, with significant
                                                                                throughout all key links of business. At the same time, the
            fluctuation of the financial market and a remarkable
                                                                                Group managed relevant risks of customers identified as
            increase in risks. China’s economy showed strong resilience
                                                                                related parties in a unified manner.
            but was still subject to many instabilities and uncertainties
            due to adverse factors including the persistent flare-ups of
                                                                                Market Risk
            the outbreak overseas and the prevalence of protectionism
            and unilateralism in some countries. Confronted with                Market risk refers to risks of changes in the fair value of
            severe and complex market environment challenges, the               financial assets held by our Group resulting from the
            Group persisted in implementing the risk management                 fluctuations in equity prices, interest rates, exchange rates
            and control requirements of “full coverage, looking                 and commodity prices, etc.
            through, and full cycle”, and continuously strengthened
            the integrated vertical risk management system covering             Our Group has adopted the following measures to manage
            its subsidiaries and branches. Through joint efforts on             market risk:
            risk management control of three lines of defense,
            the Group actively identified, prudently evaluated,                 ➢     Business departments of our Group, as the first
            dynamically monitored, timely reported and proactively                    line of defense, dynamically manage market risk
            coped with risks. The Group deeply publicized the                         of exposures by way of diversifying risk exposures,
            risk management culture, continuously enhanced risk                       controlling the size of positions and utilizing hedging
            management capabilities, coordinated its business plans,                  instruments;
            considered its risk appetite, reviewed and improved
            the multi-dimensional and multi-level risk limit system,
            optimized the management mechanism and processes
            from a forward-looking perspective, and continuously
            promoted the optimization and sustainable development
            of its business models. During the Reporting Period, the
            business operation of the Group was stable without
            material risk events and large losses, and the overall risks
            were controllable and tolerable.
                                                                  China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report      105




➢   The Risk Management Department of our Group                               •      Our Group monitors risk limit usage in real
    independently assesses, monitors and manages the                                 time or on a daily basis. The Risk Management
    overall market risk of our Group with the following                              Department prepares daily risk reports to
    measures. The market risk management mainly                                      monitor the usage of limits and submits
    includes risk measurement, limit formulation and risk                            them to the management and business
    monitoring:                                                                      departments. When the limit usage triggers
                                                                                     the warning line, the Risk Management
    •     Our Group measures market risk mainly                                      Department will issue a warning notice to
          by means of Value at Risk (VaR) analysis,                                  business departments. Once the risk indicators
          stress tests and sensitivity analysis, etc. VaR                            exceed the limits, business departments shall
          is a major tool for our Group to measure                                   report reasons of the breach and measures
          and monitor market risk. VaR measures the                                  to be taken to the Chief Risk Officer or his/her
          potential maximum loss to an asset portfolio                               authorized person and shall be responsible for
          by changes in market risk factors at a certain                             reducing the risk exposure to a level within
          confidence level within a certain holding                                  the limits in a given time frame. If this cannot
          period. Our Group computes the single day                                  be achieved, they are required to apply to the
          VaR at a confidence level of 95% by adopting                               Chief Risk Officer or his/her authorized person
          a historical simulation method based on                                    for a temporary increase in limit. If necessary,
          three years of historical data and examines                                the Chief Risk Officer will submit a request to
          the effectiveness of the model through the                                 the management.
          method of back testing on a regular basis.
          Meanwhile, our Group adopts stress test to                    Value at Risk (VaR)
          complement the VaR analysis and measures
                                                                        Our Group sets the total VaR limit of our investment
          whether the investment loss of our Group is
                                                                        portfolio and VaR limits for different business lines. The Risk
          within the scope of the risk tolerance when
                                                                        Management Department computes and monitors VaRs of
          market risk factors such as equity prices,
                                                                        these financial instruments on a daily basis to ensure the
          interest rates, exchange rates and commodity
                                                                        daily VaRs are maintained within limits. The following table
          prices undergo extreme changes. In addition,
                                                                        sets forth the computed VaRs and diversification effect of
          in respect of sensitivity factors of different
                                                                        the Group by risk categories (equity prices, Interest rates,
          assets, our Group measures the impact of
                                                                        currency rates and commodity prices) as of the dates
          changes in specific factors on the value of
                                                                        and for the periods as indicated: (i) the daily VaRs as of
          assets by calculating the corresponding
                                                                        the end of the respective period; (ii) the averages of daily
          sensitivity indicators.
                                                                        VaRs during the respective period; and (iii) the highest and
                                                                        lowest daily VaRs during the respective period.
    •     Our Group has formulated a risk limit indicator
          framework. Risk limit is a means for controlling
          risks and also represents the risk appetite and
          risk tolerance of our Group. Our Group sets
          appropriate market risk limits based on the
          business nature, such as notional limit, VaR
          limit, concentration limit, sensitivity limit, stress
          test limit and stop-loss limit, etc.
106   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




            the Group
                                                                                           2020 (as of December 31)             2019 (as of December 31)
                                                      December        December
            (RMB in million)                            31, 2020        31, 2019        Average        Highest     Lowest    Average       Highest         Lowest
            Equity prices (1)
                                                           168.8             30.9          159.5         271.6        32.8      27.3          63.3               8.3
            Interest rates   (2)
                                                            35.6             36.6           43.6          53.1        29.8      53.2          63.9              35.4
            Currency rates(3)                               37.2             33.9           37.0          43.5        25.5      32.0          43.0              10.5
            Commodity prices       (4)
                                                              1.3              3.8           1.4           5.4         0.3          1.4           6.3            0.0
            Diversification effect                          (63.1)           (47.4)        (71.8)                               (44.2)
            Total portfolio                                179.8             57.9          169.6         267.2        62.4      69.7          98.1              50.7


            Notes:

            (1)      including equities and the price-sensitive portion of derivative products

            (2)      including fixed income products and the interest-rate sensitive portion of derivative products

            (3)      including financial products subject to exchange rate changes (including derivative products)

            (4)      including commodity and the price-sensitive portion of derivative products

            The chart below sets forth the VaRs by risk categories of the Group as of the end of each month over the past year:

          VaR                                                                Monthly VaR Chart
          (RMB in million)
         250


         200


         150


         100


           50


            0
                     20-01         20-02    20-03       20-04        20-05      20-06        20-07        20-08      20-09   20-10        20-11         20-12

                       Equity prices                 Interest rates                   Currency rates             Commodity prices           Total portfolio
                                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   107




During the Reporting Period, our Group conducted foreign exchange risk management for offshore assets, measuring risk
exposures and monitoring risk limit utilizations on a daily basis. The foreign exchange risk exposures were managed by adjusting
currency positions and using foreign exchange derivatives as hedging instruments.


During the Reporting Period, our Group closely monitored domestic and overseas market conditions and business risks. Coping
with interest rate swings in both domestic and overseas markets, our Group hedged the interest rate risk for the fixed-income
portfolio by using treasury bond futures, interest rate swaps, etc.


Credit Risk
Credit risk refers to the risk resulting from defaults or deterioration in creditworthiness of counterparties, financing parties and
securities issuers.


Bond Investments Business
Our Group emphasizes the diversification level of the fixed income credit products and the credit products invested are those
predominantly with relatively high credit ratings. Our Group controls its market risk and credit risk exposures by setting up limits
on investment size, product types, credit ratings and concentrations, and closely monitors and tracks bond issuers’ business
performance and credit profiles so as to constantly evaluate and warn any credit deterioration.


During the Reporting Period, when bond defaults were rising, FICC closely collaborated with the Risk Management Department
and identified, assessed, monitored and managed credit risk related to bond investments. As a result, the Group avoided material
losses during the Reporting Period through effective risk management measures.


                                                                                   As of December 31, 2020 (RMB in million)
The Group                                                                            Position               DV01        Spread DV01
Outside mainland China (by international rating agencies)(1)
– AAA                                                                                      0.0                0.00                0.00
– AA- to AA+                                                                            195.3                 0.11                0.11
– A- to A+                                                                            2,243.0                 0.34                0.37
– below A-                                                                           14,392.2                 2.19                2.21
Sub-total                                                                            16,830.5                 2.63                2.70
Mainland China (by domestic rating agencies)(1)
– AAA                                                                                66,517.9                 9.95                8.33
– AA- to AA+                                                                          7,373.5                 0.99                0.99
– A- to A+                                                                            1,850.3                 0.23                0.23
– below A-                                                                              502.4                 0.04                0.04
Sub-total                                                                            76,244.1               11.21                 9.58
– Non-rated  (2)
                                                                                      9,040.5                 3.00                   –
– Non-rated(3)                                                                       15,911.6                 0.16                0.16
Total                                                                               118,026.7               17.01               12.44
108   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis



            Notes: The Risk Management Department uses DV01 and Spread DV01 to measure the interest rate sensitivity and credit spread sensitivity of
                   bonds. DV01 measures the change in the value of interest rate sensitive products for each parallel movement of one basis point in a market
                   interest rate curve. Spread DV01 measures the change in the value of credit spread sensitive products for each parallel movement of one
                   basis point in the credit spread.

                    (1)   The Group refers the credit ratings of its debt securities to the credit ratings of the debt securities or the debt securities’ issuers from
                          Bloomberg comprehensive ratings or the local major rating agencies.

                    (2)   These non-rated financial assets mainly include government bonds, central bank bills and policy financial bonds.

                    (3)   These non-rated financial assets are mainly other debt instruments and trading securities which are not rated by independent rating
                          agencies.

            Capital Business
            For the credit risks of margin financing and securities lending business, stock-based lending business and other capital businesses,
            our Group has established a comprehensive and robust risk control system, including the customers’ creditworthiness assessment,
            collateral management, underlying securities management, risk limit management, margin ratio monitoring, mandatory liquidation,
            etc. Our Group attaches considerable importance to customers’ on-boarding and has established and implemented a strict
            customer selection and credit assessment mechanism, under which the branches are responsible for preliminary assessment of the
            customers’ credit profile by collecting customers’ basic information, financial status, securities investment experience, credit record
            and risk tolerance. The information of the customers that has passed the preliminary assessment will be submitted to the relevant
            business departments at the headquarters for further review, which, if qualified, will then be submitted to the Risk Management
            Department for formal approval, which will conduct an independent assessment of the customers’ qualifications, and determine
            their credit ratings and credit limits.


            During the Reporting Period, no significant losses were incurred in the Group’s margin financing and securities lending business
            and stock-based lending business. Our Group primarily controlled the risks of margin financing and securities lending business and
            stock-based lending business by the following measures:
                                                             China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report      109




Margin Financing and securities Lending                            stock-based Lending Business
Business
                                                                   During the Reporting Period, our Group exercised
During the Reporting Period, our Group strictly controlled         strict control over the onboarding and approval of
the concentrations of single customer and single                   the stock-based lending deals, and has taken effective
underlying security, closely monitored and assessed                risk control measures, including, but not limited to,
accounts with higher collateral concentration and riskier          strengthening deal risk assessment, evaluating the risks
investment portfolio, timely communicated with the                 by the customers’ creditworthiness and fundamentals of
customers and promptly took corresponding measures                 the pledged securities (including the pledge ratio of the
to mitigate such risks; our Group attached considerable            large shareholder, pledge ratio of all shareholders, liquidity
importance to collateral management and dynamically                and trading suspension records, shareholder structure,
adjusted the scope and haircuts of the collaterals; we             capital status of the controlling shareholder, potential
prudently reviewed and approved business extension by              delisting risk and negative news), carefully determining the
considering the following factors, i.e., the concentration         loan-to-value ratio, as well as exercising strict control over
and risk condition of the investment portfolio, and                the financing amount of the customers who are subject
the collateral ratio of the existing deal; our Group also          to shareholding reduction restriction; our Group strictly
conducted regular and irregular stress testing and closely         controlled single security concentration, established a
monitored customers with high risks.                               security blacklist mechanism, and managed the overall
                                                                   exposure of a single security within the Group. In addition,
                                                                   our Group strengthened the on-site due diligence
                                                                   investigation, assessment and analysis of the pledged
                                                                   securities and clients with large financing demand, and
                                                                   raised the approval requirements to ensure risks were
                                                                   managed at a controllable level.


                                                                   Meanwhile, our Group closely monitored the risks of the
                                                                   outstanding contracts, conducted regular and irregular
                                                                   stress testing, and classified deals into different risk status
                                                                   and kept track of the deals with potential high risks; we
                                                                   maintained close monitoring and regular assessment of
                                                                   the customers’ credit risk with large financing amount, and
                                                                   maintained dynamic monitoring of the pledged securities,
                                                                   continuously tracked the fundamentals and security
                                                                   price fluctuations of large deals, and if any abnormal
                                                                   circumstances identified on the pledged security, our
                                                                   Group will ensure the risk precautions are in place, and
                                                                   corresponding measures are taken promptly.
110   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




            Margin Financing and securities Lending Business
            The following table sets forth the balance of margin financing and securities lending, market value of collaterals, and collateral ratio
            data of the margin financing and securities lending business of the Group:


                                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB in million


                                                                                                                                 As of                       As of
            Items                                                                                              December 31, 2020            December 31, 2019
            Amounts of margin financing and securities lending                                                               44,064.5                    24,131.5
            Market value of collaterals                                                                                    119,919.0                     69,650.7
            Collateral ratio                                                                                                  272.1%                      288.6%


            Note: The collateral ratio is calculated as the ratio of the client’s total account assets balance (including cash and securities held) to the client’s
                   balance of margin loans and securities borrowed from our Group (i.e. the sum of margin loans extended, the securities sold short and any
                   accrued interests and fees).

            As of December 31, 2020, the collateral ratio of the margin financing and securities lending business of the Group was 272.1%.
            Assuming that the market value of all securities as collaterals of the Group’s margin financing and securities lending business
            declined by 10% and 20% respectively, and the liabilities of securities lending business increased by 10% and 20% respectively, the
            collateral ratio of the Group’s margin financing and securities lending business as of December 31, 2020, would have been 240.8%
            and 210.0% respectively.


            stock-based Lending Business
            The following table sets forth the lending amount, market value of collaterals, and collateral ratio data of the stock-based lending
            business of the Group:


                                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB in million


                                                                                                                                 As of                       As of
            Items                                                                                              December 31, 2020            December 31, 2019
            Amounts of stock-based lending                                                                                    9,685.5                      7,712.5
            Market value of collaterals                                                                                      32,560.1                    22,958.9
            Collateral ratio                                                                                                  336.2%                      297.7%


            Note: The collateral ratio refers to the ratio of the total market value of the pledged collateral and its yields to the client’s total amount payable to
                   our Group.
                                                                 China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report     111




Liquidity Risk                                                         met in a timely manner. The size and composition
                                                                       of the liquidity reserves are actively managed by our
Liquidity risk refers to the risks arising from our Group’s
                                                                       Group based on the consideration of factors including,
inability to obtain sufficient funds at reasonable costs in
                                                                       but not limited to, funding maturity profile, balance
a timely manner to settle debts due, fulfill other payment
                                                                       sheet size and composition, business and operational
obligations, and satisfy the funding needs in conducting
                                                                       capital requirements, stress test results, and regulatory
normal business operations.
                                                                       requirements. Our Group strictly limits the liquidity reserves
                                                                       to high-quality liquid assets (including cash and cash
Our Group implements vertical and centralized
                                                                       equivalents, interest rate bonds and money market funds)
management on liquidity risks of all domestic and overseas
                                                                       and sets risk limits.
branches and subsidiaries. Our Group has adopted the
following measures to manage liquidity risk:
                                                                       Our Group constantly broadens and diversifies its funding
                                                                       channels to optimize the liability structure. The funding
➢     Closely monitoring balance sheets of our Group and
                                                                       instruments of our Group include corporate bonds,
      its branches and subsidiaries, and managing liquidity
                                                                       medium term note program, syndication loan, short-term
      gaps between assets and liabilities;
                                                                       commercial papers, beneficiary certificates, income right
                                                                       transfer, inter-bank borrowing, REPOs, etc. Our Group
➢     Setting liquidity risk limits based on our Group’s
                                                                       maintains good relationship with major commercial
      overall situation and regulatory requirement;
                                                                       banks and has sufficient bank credit to meet the funding
                                                                       requirement for business development. As of the Latest
➢     Conducting cash flow forecast and liquidity risk
                                                                       Practicable Date, as assessed by China Chengxin Securities
      stress test on a regular and irregular basis to analyze
                                                                       Rating Co., Ltd (中誠信證券評估有限公司) and China
      and assess our liquidity risk exposure;
                                                                       Chengxin International Credit Rating Company Limited (中
                                                                       誠信國際信用評級有限責任公司), the credit rating of
➢     Maintaining adequate high-quality liquid assets and
                                                                       our Company was AAA and the rating outlook was stable.
      establishing liquidity contingency plan for potential
                                                                       As of the Latest Practicable Date, as assessed by Standard
      liquidity emergencies.
                                                                       & Poor’s, the long-term rating of the Group was BBB, the
                                                                       short-term rating was A-2 and the rating outlook is stable.
In order to withstand the potential liquidity risk and satisfy
                                                                       As assessed by Moody’s, the long-term rating of the Group
the short-term liquidity needs, our Group constantly holds
                                                                       was Baa1, the short-term rating was P-2 and the rating
sufficient unsecured and high-quality liquid assets as its
                                                                       outlook was stable. As assessed by Fitch, the long-term
liquidity reserves. The liquidity reserves are held by the
                                                                       rating of the Group was BBB+, the short-term rating was F2
Treasury Department and are managed independently
                                                                       and the rating outlook was stable.
from business departments. Our Group manages the
liquidity reserves of all branches and subsidiaries vertically
                                                                       During the Reporting Period, there was no substantial
to ensure the allocation efficiency of the liquidity reserves.
                                                                       change in terms of substance and type of liquidity
Meanwhile, due to the liquidity transfer restrictions
                                                                       risks exposed to our Group. Our Group’s liquidity risk
between entities and regions, the liquidity reserves are
                                                                       management was sound, the liquidity reserves were
held in various currencies and maintained within the
                                                                       sufficient, and the liquidity risk was under control.
Company and its major operating subsidiaries, ensuring
that the liquidity requirements of different entities are
112   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis



            During the Reporting Period, the regulatory liquidity risk         ➢       Optimizing the communication, reporting and
            management indicator of our Company continued to                           processing mechanism for operational risk
            comply with the regulatory requirements. As of December                    information to prevent and control risks in a more
            31, 2020, the liquidity coverage ratio and the net stable                  active and forward-looking manner;
            funding ratio of our Company were 248.6% and 125.0%,
            respectively.                                                      ➢       Promoting the construction of business continuity
                                                                                       management systems to enhance the going concern
            Operational Risk                                                           ability.

            Operational risk refers to the risks of losses resulting from
                                                                               During the Reporting Period, there was no substantial
            failed or defective internal procedures or IT systems, human
                                                                               change in nature and extent of operational risks exposed
            factors and external events. Operational risk can occur in all
                                                                               to our Group. Our Group continued to strengthen
            business operations and daily operations of the Company,
                                                                               the operational risk management by enhancing IT
            which may eventually lead to other risks such as legal risk,
                                                                               systems and streamlining business procedures. Through
            compliance risk and reputational risk.
                                                                               developing business-related IT systems and optimizing
                                                                               and standardizing business procedures, our Group further
            Our Group has adopted the following measures to manage
                                                                               improved the operation efficiency and reduced operational
            operational risk:
                                                                               risk.

            ➢     Cultivating the operational risk idea of all staffs and
                                                                               It Risk
                  improving employees’ awareness to operational risks;
                                                                               IT risk refers to the operational, legal and reputational risks
            ➢     Establishing a transparent organizational structure          arising from natural factors, human factors, technology
                  with a proper decision-making mechanism and                  vulnerabilities and management deficiencies in the
                  defining the responsibilities of the management and          application of information technology in CICC.
                  control of business processes;
                                                                               The Group has adopted the following measures to control
            ➢     Promoting risk management in key areas and                   and prevent IT risks:
                  processes, and optimizing and improving systems,
                  processes and mechanisms;                                    ➢       Establishing an effective IT governance framework
                                                                                       to keep information technology consistent with
            ➢     Carrying out risk assessment and follow-up review                    business goals;
                  of new businesses and products, and strengthening
                  the ex ante management of operational risks,                 ➢       Clarifying at the policy level the division of
                  management of operational risks in the act and ex                    responsibilities of the three lines of defense in IT risk
                  post facto management of operational risks;                          management, defining and regulating management
                                                                                       strategies and methods through formulating the
            ➢     Continuously improving the operational risk loss data                information technology risk management policy;
                  collection (LDC), risk and control self-assessment
                  (RCSA), and key risk indicators (KRI) to identify, assess,
                  monitor, and respond to operational risks;
                                                                China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   113




➢     Conducting IT risk assessment, fully identifying and            Our Group has mainly adopted the following measures to
      analyzing the risks, analysing the possibility and              manage and prevent compliance risk:
      potential impact of the risks, and implementing
      risk prevention measures; establishing an IT key                ➢     Our Group formulates and updates our compliance
      risk indicator system and monitoring mechanism;                       policies and procedures in accordance with changes
      cultivating IT risk culture and improve employees’                    in laws, regulations and industry norms;
      awareness of IT risk prevention and control;
                                                                      ➢     Our Group conducts compliance reviews for new
➢     Ensuring the reliability, integrity, availability and                 businesses. Our professional compliance team is
      maintainability of information system through the                     responsible for examining new businesses and
      management process of initialization, approval and                    providing compliance advice. We implement
      control of IT projects;                                               effective compliance risk management measures at
                                                                            an early stage of new businesses;
➢     Establishing information security management
      system, formulating and implementing information                ➢     Our Group controls the circulation of sensitive
      security plan, monitoring information security                        information by monitoring information flows and
      threats;                                                              establishing dynamic information barrier walls,
                                                                            with the aim to prevent risks of insider trading and
➢     Establishing a data governance organizational                         manage conflicts of interest;
      framework to ensure unified management,
      sustainable controllability and storage safety of data;         ➢     Our Group undertakes compliance reviews in
                                                                            accordance with applicable laws and regulations,
➢     Tracking, responding to, analyzing and dealing with                   other regulatory documents, self-regulatory rules,
      problems of information system and emergencies                        industry norms and our internal policies, to monitor
      of information technology through establishing an                     the compliance of our business operations and
      effective process to manage problems;                                 employee activities and identify and manage
                                                                            compliance risks in a proactive manner;
➢     Through establishing an IT emergency management
      system, formulating an emergency plan, carrying                 ➢     Our Group adopts various means to cultivate
      out emergency drills, and continuously improving                      a compliance culture with each business line,
      IT emergency management process, to ensure that                       functional department and branch and provide
      the system can support the Company’s business                         compliance training to our employees to improve
      operations in a continuous and steady manner.                         their compliance awareness;


Compliance Risk                                                       ➢     Our Group has established an internal accountability
                                                                            system in respect of employees’ violations of laws
Compliance risk refers to the risk of legal sanctions,
                                                                            and regulations and internal policies to impose
regulatory actions, loss of property or damage to our
                                                                            applicable punishments on offenders.
reputation because of the violation of laws, regulations,
industry self-regulatory rules or our internal policies
                                                                            During the Reporting Period, there was no
arising from our operations and management activities or
                                                                            substantial change in nature and extent of
employee behavior.
                                                                            compliance risks exposed to our Group.
114   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Management Discussion and Analysis




            Legal Risk                                                      ➢     Our Group takes active measures to mitigate legal
                                                                                  risks when disputes and litigation arise.
            Legal risk refers to the possible risk of economic loss or
            damage to our Group’s reputation resulting from breach of
                                                                            During the Reporting Period, there was no material change
            contracts, infringement-related disputes, litigation or other
                                                                            in the nature and extent of legal risks of our Group or in
            legal disputes.
                                                                            our ability to respond to legal risks.

            Our Group manages, controls and prevents legal risks
                                                                            Money Laundering Risk
            mainly through the following measures:
                                                                            Money laundering risk means the risk of money laundering,
            ➢     Our Group continuously enhances our internal              terrorist financing and proliferation financing that may
                  policies and business procedures from a legal             occur in the course of conducting business of the Group.
                  perspective to ensure that our operations and
                  management satisfy the requirements of applicable         The Group mainly takes the following measures to manage
                  laws and regulations;                                     and prevent money laundering risks:


            ➢     Our Group formulates templates for various business       ➢     Formulating and updating anti-money laundering
                  contracts and requires our business departments                 policies in accordance with laws, regulations and
                  to use our in-house templates to the fullest extent.            regulatory requirements;
                  We also review contracts drafted or provided by
                  counterparties prior to entering into such contracts      ➢     Integrating risk control measures into relevant
                  to mitigate the legal risk associated with performing           business operation processes, in consideration
                  such contracts;                                                 of anti-money laundering obligations including
                                                                                  customer identification, preservation of customer
            ➢     Our Group conducts legal training to enhance our                identity information and transaction records,
                  employees’ legal awareness;                                     transaction monitoring, reporting on large
                                                                                  transactions and suspicious transactions, list
            ➢     The application, maintenance and protection of our              monitoring, asset freezing;
                  trademarks, protection of our goodwill and trade
                  secrets and taking actions against behaviors that
                  harms our reputation or interests;
                                                               China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   115




➢     Continuously carrying out anti-money laundering                ➢     All business departments take measures to prevent
      publicity and training to promote the full                           and control reputational risks across important
      transmission of money laundering risk management                     business activities and processes, and strictly follow
      culture;                                                             “Know your Customers (KYC)” principle, enhance
                                                                           project due diligence and quality control, as well as
➢     Establishing and improving the anti-money                            timely prevent and deal with potential reputational
      laundering information system, data quality control                  risk;
      mechanism and internal control and information
      sharing mechanism;                                             ➢     Reinforcing the firmwide culture of risk awareness
                                                                           for all employees and enhancing the professional
➢     Carrying out anti-money laundering inspection                        ethics of employees through policy making and
      and internal audit work, and properly conducting                     employee training; and any employee who causes a
      anti-money laundering human resource assurance,                      significant reputational loss to our Group due to any
      anti-money laundering performance appraisal,                         misconduct or improper behavior will be subject to
      rewards and punishments and emergency                                disciplinary actions;
      management work.
                                                                     ➢     The Public Relations Department manages the
Reputational Risk                                                          overall reputational risk of our Group by public
                                                                           opinion monitoring, media communications, media
Reputational risk refers to the risk of negative comments
                                                                           management, and takes proper actions to intervene
on our Group caused by our Group’s operational activities,
                                                                           in a timely manner according to the severity of
business management and other actions as well as
                                                                           events, and releases or communicates with media
external events. Reputational risk can occur in all business
                                                                           the correct information and stance related to our
areas and activities, and our Group assesses and manages
                                                                           Group, so as to lead correct and objective public
reputational risk across all areas such as operation
                                                                           opinion and further prevent the spread of inaccurate
management, business activities and employee behaviors.
                                                                           and false information in public environment.

Our Group has mainly adopted the following measures to
manage and prevent reputational risk:
Directors’
Report
118   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report




      Directors’ Report


      I.    PRINCIPaL BusINess OF OuR COMPaNy
            The principal businesses of our Company are Investment Banking, Equities, FICC, Asset Management, Private Equity, Wealth
            Management and relevant financial services. The business operations and prospects of our Company and risks possibly faced by
            our Company in our business activities are respectively set out in “Management Discussion and Analysis – III. Analysis of Principal
            Business” and “Management Discussion and Analysis – VI. Risk Management” of this report. Particulars of significant events affecting
            our Company are set out in “Other Significant Events” of this report. The key financial indicators of our Company are set out in
            “Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators” and “Independent Auditor’s Report and Notes to the Consolidated Financial
            Statements” of this report.


      II.   PROFIt dIstRIButION PLaN
            1.    According to the Company Law, the Securities Law and other laws and regulations and the Articles of Association, the 2020
                  profit distribution plan of the Company is proposed as follows:


                  At the beginning of 2020, the Company’s undistributed profits amounted to RMB2,946,487,882. In addition, the Company
                  realized net profits of RMB2,590,179,997 for 2020. After deducting the profits allocated to holders of other equity instruments
                  of RMB57,000,000 in 2020, and before appropriating the statutory surplus reserves, general risk reserves and trading risk
                  reserves, the profits available for distribution of the Company at the end of 2020 amounted to RMB5,479,667,879.


                  In accordance with the provisions under the relevant laws and regulations and the Articles of Association, the Company will
                  distribute its net profit for 2020 in the following order:


                  (1)    RMB259,018,000, or 10% of the net profit of the Company in 2020, is to be appropriated to the statutory surplus
                         reserve (the accumulated amount of the statutory surplus reserves of the Company will account for 20.6% of issued
                         Shares of the Company after this contribution);


                  (2)    RMB265,572,291, or 10% of the net profit, 2.5% of the custodian fee income for mutual funds and 10% of collective
                         asset management fee income of the Company in 2020, is to be appropriated to the general risk reserves;


                  (3)    RMB259,018,000, or 10% of the net profit of the Company in 2020, is to be appropriated to the trading risk reserves.


                  The total contribution of the three items above is RMB783,608,291.


                  After deducting the three items above, the profits available for distribution of the Company at the end of 2020 is
                  RMB4,696,059,588.
                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   119




   2.    Taking into account the capital need of the Company’s current business and future development as well as the interests of
         shareholders, the profit distribution plan of the Company for 2020 is as follows:


         (1)    The Company will adopt the method of cash dividend payment for its 2020 profit distribution. The total proposed cash
                dividends to be distributed is RMB868,906,236.24 (tax-inclusive). In case of any changes in the total number of issued
                Shares of the Company on the record date resulting from placing of Shares, Share repurchase or other reasons, the
                amount of cash dividend per Share will be adjusted within the total amount of RMB868,906,236.24 (tax-inclusive). On
                the basis of 4,827,256,868 Shares in issuance of the Company as at the Latest Practicable Date, the cash dividends of
                RMB1.80 (tax-inclusive) per 10 Shares will be distributed.


         (2)    Cash dividends will be denominated and declared in RMB, and paid in RMB and in HKD to holders of A Shares and
                holders of H Shares, respectively. The actual amount distributed in HKD will be converted based on the average central
                parity of the exchange rate of RMB against Hong Kong dollars as announced by PBOC for the five working days prior
                to the date of the 2020 annual general meeting of the Company.


         The above profit distribution plan has been considered and approved by the Board of Directors on March 30, 2021, and shall
         be submitted to the annual general meeting of the Company for consideration. The Company will, in due course, announce
         the date of the 2020 annual general meeting and will give notice on the closure of its register of members to determine
         Shareholders eligible to attend and vote at the 2020 annual general meeting. Subject to approval of the resolution relating
         to the 2020 profit distribution plan by the annual general meeting, the cash dividends are expected to be paid within two
         months from the date of the annual general meeting.


III. IssuaNCe OF sHaRes aNd utILIZatION OF PROCeeds
   In order to satisfy the capital needs for business development of the Company, the Company has successfully completed the listing
   of A Shares on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on November 2, 2020. A total of 458,589,000 A Shares were issued by the Company
   at a price of RMB28.78 per Share, and a total of 2,464,953,440 domestic Shares held by the shareholders of original domestic shares
   of the Company were converted into 2,464,953,440 A Shares. The total proceeds raised from this issuance were RMB13,198.1914
   million, and after deducting the offering expenses, the net proceeds were RMB13,032.0615 million, with the net proceeds per Share
   of approximately RMB28.42.


   As of December 31, 2020, 100% of the net proceeds of the Group were used to increase the Company’s capital, replenish the
   working capital of the Company and support the development of domestic and overseas business of the Company.


   After the A Share Offering and Listing, the total number of Shares of the Company increased to 4,827,256,868 Shares (including
   2,923,542,440 A Shares and 1,903,714,428 H Shares). For details, please refer to “Management Discussion and Analysis – V.
   Significant Investment and Financing Activities of Our Group – (ii) Equity Financing” in this report.
120   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Directors’ Report




      IV. IssuaNCe OF BONds
            In 2020, the Group completed the issuance of 26 tranches of corporate bonds with total amount of RMB63,500 million. The funds
            raised were used to replenish the working capital and repay direct debt financing instruments that were due or redeemed. For
            details, please refer to “Management Discussion and Analysis – V. Significant Investment and Financing Activities of Our Group – (iii)
            Debt Financing” in this report.


      V. dIReCtORs’ aNd suPeRVIsORs’ seRVICe CONtRaCts
            Each of the Directors and Supervisors has entered into a service contract with our Company. The Directors or Supervisors may
            be re-elected upon expiry of their term of office, upon the approval by the shareholders’ general meeting (but the independent
            non-executive Directors shall not remain in office for over six years even if re-elected).


            In addition, none of the Directors or Supervisors have entered into service contracts with our Company or any of its subsidiaries
            which cannot be terminated within one year without compensation (other than statutory compensation).


      VI. PeRMItted INdeMNIty
            Our Company has maintained liability insurance policies for its Directors, Supervisors and senior management. All policies are
            underwritten by domestic and overseas renowned insurance companies, and our Company regularly reviews the policies.


      VII. dIReCtORs’ aNd suPeRVIsORs’ INteRest IN tRaNsaCtIONs, aRRaNGeMeNts OR
           CONtRaCts OF sIGNIFICaNCe
            No transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which our Company or its subsidiaries was a party and in which a
            Director or Supervisor of our Company had a material interest, directly or indirectly, has been entered into during the Reporting
            Period.


      VIII. dIReCtORs’ INteRests IN BusINesses tHat COMPete WItH tHe BusINesses OF
            OuR COMPaNy
            Save as disclosed in the “Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees – II. Biographies of Directors, Supervisors and
            Senior Management” of this report, none of the Directors has any disclosable interests in any business competing against the
            businesses of our Company.


      IX. RIGHts OF dIReCtORs tO aCQuIRe sHaRes OR deBeNtuRes
            As of December 31, 2020, none of the Directors, Supervisors or their respective spouses or minor children under the age of 18
            were granted with rights, or had exercised any such rights, to acquire benefits by means of purchasing Shares or debentures of our
            Company. Neither our Company nor any of its subsidiaries were a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors, Supervisors or
            their respective spouses or minor children under the age of 18 to acquire such rights from any other body corporates.


      X. MaNaGeMeNt CONtRaCts
            Save for employment contracts with employees, our Company did not enter into any contracts nor had any existing contracts in
            respect of all or any significant part of management and administration of business of our Company during the Reporting Period.
                                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report     121




XI. OtHeR dIsCLOsuRes
   (i)   Pre-emptive Rights
         Our Company currently has no arrangements in respect of pre-emptive rights according to the provisions under the PRC
         laws and the Articles of Association.


   (ii) Reasons for and Impact from Changes of accounting Policies, accounting estimates or
        Correction of Major accounting errors
         There has been no change of major accounting policies or accounting estimates or major accounting errors in 2020.


   (iii) tax Relief and exemption Information for Holders of H shares
         The holders of H Shares of our Company shall pay relevant tax and/or enjoy tax relief and exemption in accordance with the
         following provisions:


         According to the Individual Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China (            ) and its
                                                                                     《中華人民共和國個人所得稅法》
         implementation rules, dividends paid to individuals by PRC companies are generally subject to an individual income tax
         levied at a flat rate of 20%. For an individual who has no domicile in the PRC and is not resident in the territory of the PRC or
         who has no domicile in the PRC and has been resident in the territory of the PRC for less than 183 days cumulatively within
         a tax year, his/her receipt of dividends from a PRC company is normally subject to a PRC withholding tax of 20% unless
         specifically exempted or reduced by an applicable tax treaty and other tax laws and regulations.


         Pursuant to the Notice of the State Administration of Taxation on Issues Concerning Withholding the Enterprise Income Tax
         on Dividends Paid by Chinese Resident Enterprises to Holders of H Shares who are Overseas Non-resident Enterprises (Guo
         Shui Han [2008] No.897) (
                                《關於中國居民企業向境外H股非居民企業股東派發股息代扣代繳企業所得稅有關問題的通
          (國稅函[2008]897號)), a PRC resident enterprise, when distributing dividends for 2008 and for the years afterwards to
         知》
         holders of H Shares who are overseas non-resident enterprises, shall withhold the enterprise income tax at a flat rate of 10%.
         A non-PRC resident enterprise which is entitled to a preferential tax rate under an applicable tax treaty or arrangement may,
         directly or through its agent, apply to the competent tax authorities for a refund of the excess amount of tax withheld.


         Pursuant to the Notice on Taxation Policies concerning the Pilot Program of an Interconnection Mechanism for Transactions
         in the Shanghai and Hong Kong Stock Markets (Cai Shui [2014] No.81) (
                                                                            《關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅
               (財稅[2014]81號)) and the Notice on Taxation Policies concerning the Pilot Program of an Interconnection
         收政策的通知》
         Mechanism for Transactions in the Shenzhen and Hong Kong Stock Markets (Cai Shui [2016] No.127) (
                                                                                                        《關於深港股票市
                             (財稅[2016]127號)) jointly promulgated by the Ministry of Finance, the
         場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》
         State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, for dividends derived by Mainland individual investors from investing in H
         Shares listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange through Shanghai Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen Hong Kong
         Stock Connect, H-share companies shall withhold individual income tax at a tax rate of 20% for the investors. For mainland
         securities investment funds investing in shares listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange through Shanghai Hong Kong Stock
         Connect or Shenzhen Hong Kong Stock Connect, the above rules also apply and individual income tax shall be levied on
         dividends derived therefrom. Dividends derived by mainland enterprise investors from investing in shares listed on Hong
         Kong Stock Exchange through Shanghai Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen Hong Kong Stock Connect shall be
122   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Directors’ Report



                  reported and paid by the enterprise investors themselves. H-share companies will not withhold or pay enterprise income tax
                  on their behalf in the distribution of dividends. For dividends derived by mainland resident enterprises where the relevant H
                  shares have been continuously held for more than 12 months, the enterprise income tax thereon may be exempt according
                  to the tax law.


            (iv) Reserves and distributable Reserves
                  For the movement of distributable profit, please refer to the “Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity” and the “Notes
                  to the Consolidated Financial Statements” of this report.


            (v) Major Clients and suppliers
                  We have a high-quality and diversified client base (primarily consisting of industry-leading corporations, institutional
                  investors and high-net-worth individuals). We develop and maintain long-term cooperation with clients and are dedicated
                  to providing them with a comprehensive suite of products and services. We have won our clients’ loyalty through our deep
                  engagement and our thorough knowledge and understanding of their businesses. Our clients always entrust us to handle
                  their strategically important and structurally sophisticated transactions.


                  The Group’s customer base is diversified. In 2020, revenue and other income from transactions with the top five customers
                  accounted for less than 10% of the Group’s total revenue and other income.


                  By virtue of the nature of our business, we have no major suppliers. In 2020, the total purchases from the top five suppliers
                  accounted for less than 10% of the Group’s total purchases.


            (vi) donation
                  In 2020, the Group donated over RMB54 million to support public welfare and poverty alleviation programs through CICC
                  and CICC Charity Foundation, including more than RMB18 million of funds and medical supplies to prevent and fight against
                  COVID-19 pandemic in response to the call of the government to support anti-pandemic activities.


                                                                                                                        By order of the Board
                                                                                                                         Chairman of Board
                                                                                                                            Shen Rujun
                                                                          China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report     123



Other Significant Events


I.    MateRIaL LItIGatION aNd aRBItRatION
      During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have any material litigation or arbitration.


II.   MateRIaL CONtRaCts aNd eXeCutION
      During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have any material custody, contracting or lease arrangements, nor were there such
      arrangements carried forward to the Reporting Period from the previous period.


III. ReLated PaRty/CONNeCted tRaNsaCtIONs
      The Group conducts related party/connected transactions in strict compliance with the Listing Rules, the Rules Governing the
      Listing of Stocks on Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Policy on Information Disclosure Management of China International Capital
      Corporation Limited and the Policy on Management of Related Party Transactions of China International Capital Corporation
      Limited. The Group’s related party/connected transactions are conducted based on the principles of equity, openness and fairness,
      and the related party/connected transaction agreements are entered into based on the principles of equality, voluntariness,
      equivalence and compensation. During the Reporting Period, the Group did not conduct any non-exempt related party/connected
      transactions or daily related party transactions/continuing connected transactions in accordance with the Listing Rules or the Rules
      Governing the Listing of Stocks on Shanghai Stock Exchange.


      For the year ended December 31, 2020, no related party transactions as set out in “Notes to the Consolidated Financial
      Statements-55 Related Party Relationships and Transactions” constitute related party/connected transactions or daily related party
      transactions/continuing connected transactions required to be disclosed under the Listing Rules.


IV. MateRIaL aCQuIsItIONs aNd dIsPOsaLs duRING tHe RePORtING PeRIOd
      The Group did not have material acquisitions, disposals, swaps and asset reorganizations relating to its subsidiaries, associates, joint
      operations or joint ventures during the Reporting Period.


V. COMPLIaNCe WItH LaWs aNd ReGuLatIONs
      During the Reporting Period and up to the Latest Practicable Date, our Group had complied with the laws and regulations and
      regulatory requirements of the places where our Group operates in all material respects. None of our Group and the Directors,
      Supervisors and senior management of our Company were subject to any investigation initiated or administrative penalties
      imposed by the CSRC, banned from entering the market, identified as inappropriate candidates, publicly condemned by stock
      exchanges, subject to mandatory measures, transferred to judicial organs or held criminally responsible.


VI. suBseQueNt eVeNts
      For detailed information of the Group’s issuance and redemption of debt securities in 2021 and up to the date of approving the
      Group’s financial statements, please refer to “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 63 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS”.


VII. taLeNt MaNaGeMeNt MeCHaNIsM
      We enhance the organizational assessment mechanism and internal employee assessment system to improve organizational
      agility, and leverage digital strategies to systematically promote the implementation of assessment models and assessment
      methods for agile organizations. We also strengthen the construction of incentive mechanism and pay attention to the long-term
      consistency between the interests of employees and those of the Company. Meanwhile, we further strengthen the construction of
      corporate culture, continue to enrich and refine corporate cultural content, explore the relationship among culture, organization,
      and talents to promote the implementation of culture.
124   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report




      Changes in Shares and Information of
      Substantial Shareholders

      As of December 31, 2020, the share capital structure of our Company is as follows:


                                                                                                             Approximate                   Approximate
                                                                                                            percentage of                 percentage of
                                                                                                      shareholding in the          shareholding in the
                                                                       Number and class of              total share capital               relevant class
      Name of Shareholders                                                          securities            of our Company                          of shares
      Huijin (Note 1)                                                  1,938,890,480 A Shares                        40.17%                         66.32%
      HKSCC Nominees Limited (Note 2)                                 1,483,859,404 H Shares                         30.74%                         77.95%
      Haier Group (Qingdao) Financial Holdings Ltd.                     398,500,000 A Shares                          8.26%                         13.63%
      Alibaba Group Holding Limited (Note 3)                            202,844,235 H Shares                          4.20%                         10.66%
                                                                          13,757,670 A Shares                         0.28%                          0.47%
      Tencent Holdings Limited (Note 4)                                 216,249,059 H Shares                          4.48%                         11.36%
      I&G                                                               127,562,960 A Shares                          2.64%                          4.36%
      GUOXIN Investment Co., Ltd.                                         15,477,380 A Shares                         0.32%                          0.53%
      China Structural Reform Fund Co., Ltd.                              15,477,380 A Shares                         0.32%                          0.53%
      Abu Dhabi Investment Authority                                      13,757,670 A Shares                         0.28%                          0.47%
      Other public shareholders of A Shares                             400,118,900 A Shares                          8.29%                         13.69%
      Other public shareholders of H Shares                                  761,730 H Shares                         0.02%                          0.04%


      Notes:

      (1)      Huijin directly holds 1,936,155,680 A Shares of the Company, and indirectly holds 2,734,800 A Shares of the Company through its wholly-owned
               subsidiaries Jianyin Investment, JIC Investment and China Investment Consulting.

      (2)      HKSCC Nominees Limited is the nominal holder of shares held by the unregistered shareholders of H Shares of the Company. The number of
               shares held by and the shareholding ratio of HKSCC Nominees Limited have deducted the shares held by Tencent Mobility Limited and Des Voeux
               Investment Company Limited which are registered under the name of HKSCC Nominees Limited.

      (3)      Alibaba Group Holding Limited holds 202,844,235 H Shares and 13,757,670 A Shares of the Company through its wholly-owned subsidiaries Des
               Voeux Investment Company Limited and Alibaba (China) Network Technology Co., Ltd. respectively.

      (4)      Tencent Holdings Limited holds 216,249,059 H Shares of the Company through its wholly-owned subsidiary Tencent Mobility Limited.
                                                                            China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report     125




I.    CHaNGes IN sHaRe CaPItaL
      On November 2, 2020, the Company’s A Shares (Stock Code: 601995.SH) were listed and commenced trading on the Main Board
      of the Shanghai Stock Exchange. Upon the A Share Offering and Listing, the total share capital of the Company increased to
      4,827,256,868 ordinary shares, including 1,903,714,428 H Shares and 2,923,542,440 A Shares (including 2,464,953,440 A Shares
      converted from original domestic Shares and 458,589,000 new A Shares).


      As at the end of the Reporting Period, the total issued Shares of our Company was 4,827,256,868 Shares, of which, 2,923,542,440
      were A Shares and 1,903,714,428 were H Shares. Please refer to “Management Discussion and Analysis – V. Significant Investment
      and Financing Activities of Our Group – (ii) Equity Financing” of this report for details.


II.   sHaReHOLdeRs
      As of December 31, 2020, our Company had 145,328 holders of A Shares and 412 registered holders of H Shares.


      As of December 31, 2020, Huijin was interested in approximately 40.17% of the total share capital of our Company directly and
      indirectly.


      Huijin is a state-owned investment company established in accordance with the PRC Company Law. Headquartered in Beijing,
      Huijin was established in December 2003 and mandated to exercise the rights and the obligations as a contributor in major
      state-owned financial enterprises on behalf of the PRC Government. In September 2007, the Ministry of Finance issued special
      treasury bonds and acquired all the shares of Huijin from the PBOC. The acquired shares were injected into China Investment
      Corporation (“CIC”) as part of its initial capital contribution. However, Huijin’s principal shareholder rights are exercised by the State
      Council. The members of the Board of Directors and Supervisory Committee of Huijin are appointed by and are accountable to
      the State Council. In accordance with authorization by the State Council, Huijin makes equity investments in major state-owned
      financial enterprises, and shall, to the extent of its capital contribution, exercise the rights and perform the obligations as a
      contributor on behalf of the PRC Government in accordance with applicable laws, so as to achieve the goal of preserving and
      enhancing the value of state-owned financial assets. Huijin does not conduct any other business or commercial activity and does
      not intervene in the day-to-day business operations of the enterprises in which it invests.
126   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Changes in Shares and Information of
      Substantial Shareholders


      III. dIsCLOsuRe OF INteRests
            directors’, supervisors’ and Chief executive’s Interests and short Positions in the shares,
            underlying shares and debentures of our Company and Its associated Corporations
            As of December 31, 2020, the interests or short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and chief executive of our Company in the
            shares, underlying shares or debentures of our Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
            SFO) as recorded in the register required to be kept by our Company under section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to our
            Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules were as
            follows:

                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                 percentage of           Approximate
            Name of                                                                           Number of        shareholding in          percentage of
            Director/                                                                         Securities/       the total share       shareholding in
            Supervisor/                                                                          Type of             capital of           the relevant
            Chief Executive           Class of Shares         Capacity                       shares held         our Company           class of shares
            Huang Zhaohui             H Shares                Others (Note 1)                  7,002,199/                    0.145%            0.368%
                                                                                           Long positions
            Siu Wai Keung             H Shares                Beneficial owner                   100,000/                    0.002%            0.005%
                                                                                           Long positions

            Note:

            (1)     Mr. Huang Zhaohui indirectly holds interests through subscription of fund and asset management scheme.

            substantial shareholders’ Interests and short Positions
            As of December 31, 2020, to the knowledge of our Company and the Directors after making reasonable inquiries, the following
            persons (other than the Directors, Supervisors and chief executive of our Company as disclosed above) have interests or short
            positions in shares or underlying shares which would be required to be disclosed to our Company under the provisions of Divisions
            2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO and recorded in the register required to be maintained by our Company under Section 336 of the
            SFO:

                                                                                                                   Approximate
                                                                                                                  percentage of          Approximate
                                                                                              Number of            shareholding         percentage of
                                                                                              securities/     in the total share         shareholding
                                                                                                 Type of           capital of the      in the relevant
            Name of Shareholders          Class of Shares      Capacity                      shares held              Company           class of shares
            Huijin (Note 1)               A Shares             Beneficial owner            1,936,155,680/               40.109%               66.226%
                                                                                           Long positions
                                                               Interest of controlled          2,734,800/                    0.057%            0.094%
                                                                  corporation              Long positions
            Haier Group Corporation       A Shares             Interest of controlled        398,500,000/                    8.255%           13.631%
              (Note 2)                                            corporation              Long positions
            Alibaba Group Holding         H Shares             Interest of controlled        202,844,235/                    4.202%           10.655%
               Limited (Note 3)                                   corporation              Long positions
                                          A Shares             Interest of controlled         13,757,670/                    0.285%            0.471%
                                                                  corporation              Long positions
            Tencent Holdings              H Shares             Interest of controlled        216,249,059/                    4.480%           11.359%
              (Note 4)                                            corporation              Long positions
                                                                             China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report         127




   Notes:

   (1)      Each of Jianyin Investment, JIC Investment and China Investment Consulting is wholly-owned by Huijin. Therefore, Huijin is deemed to be
            interested in 2,734,800 A Shares held by Jianyin Investment, JIC Investment and China Investment Consulting for the purpose of the SFO.

   (2)      As of December 31, 2020, each of Haier Electric International Co., Ltd. (as the sole member of Haier Group (Qingdao) Financial Holdings
            Ltd.), Qingdao Haichuangke Management Consulting Enterprise (Limited Partnership) (holding 48.8% interest in Haier Electric International
            Co., Ltd.), Haier Group Corporation (holding 51.2% interest in Haier Electric International Co., Ltd.) and Qingdao Haichuangke Investment
            Management Co., Ltd. (as general partner of Qingdao Haichuangke Management Consulting Enterprise (Limited Partnership) and a member
            holding its 10% interest) is deemed to be interested in the A Shares held by Haier Group (Qingdao) Financial Holdings Ltd. under the SFO.

   (3)      As of December 31, 2020, Des Voeux Investment Company Limited held 202,844,235 H Shares of the Company. Des Voeux Investment
            Company Limited is wholly-owned by Alibaba Group Treasury Limited, which is wholly-owned by Alibaba Group Holding Limited. Therefore,
            Alibaba Group Treasury Limited and Alibaba Group Holding Limited are deemed to be interested in 202,844,235 H Shares held by Des
            Voeux Investment Company Limited under the SFO. In addition, Alibaba (China) Network Technology Co., Ltd. held 13,757,670 A Shares of
            the Company. Alibaba (China) Network Technology Co., Ltd. is wholly-owned by Alibaba Group Holding Limited. Therefore, Alibaba Group
            Holding Limited is deemed to be interested in 13,757,670 A Shares held by Alibaba (China) Network Technology Co., Ltd. under the SFO.

   (4)      As of December 31, 2020, Tencent Mobility Limited, directly interested in 216,249,059 H Shares, is a corporation controlled by Tencent
            Holdings, which is therefore deemed to be interested in the H Shares held by Tencent Mobility Limited.

IV. suFFICIeNt PuBLIC FLOat
   As at the Latest Practicable Date and based on the information available to our Company and to the knowledge of the Directors,
   our Company’s public float complies with the requirements of Rule 8.08 of the Listing Rules.


V. PuRCHase, saLe OR RedeMPtION OF seCuRItIes OF OuR COMPaNy
   According to the Company’s announcement dated May 18, 2020 on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Company decided to
   exercise the option as the perpetual subordinated bond issuer to redeem all registered “15 CICC Y1” Bond on the registration date.
   The total amount redeemed was RMB1,057,000,000 of principal and interest. Such redemption was completed on May 29, 2020.


   Save as disclosed above and except for the Company’s initial public offering of 458,589,000 A Shares at RMB28.78 per share on
   the Shanghai Stock Exchange on November 2, 2020, during the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor its subsidiaries have
   purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s securities.
128   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report




      Directors, Supervisors,
      Senior Management and Employees

      I.    BasIC INFORMatION ON tHe dIReCtORs, suPeRVIsORs aNd seNIOR MaNaGeMeNt
            As of the Latest Practicable Date, the basic information on the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company is as
            follows:


            Name                               Position                        Gender             Age                  Appointment date
            DIRECTORS
            Shen Rujun (沈如軍)                   Chairman of the Board           Male               57                   August 2019
                                               Non-executive Director                                                  August 2019
            Huang Zhaohui (黃朝暉)                Executive Director              Male               57                   February 2020
                                               Chief Executive Officer                                                 December 2019
                                               Chairman of the                                                         December 2019
                                               Management Committee
            Tan Lixia (譚麗霞)                    Non-executive Director          Female             50                   February 2020
            Duan Wenwu (段文務)                   Non-executive Director          Male               51                   February 2020
            Liu Li (劉力)                        Independent                     Male               65                   June 2016
                                               Non-executive Director
            Siu Wai Keung (蕭偉強)                Independent                     Male               66                   May 2015
                                               Non-executive Director
            Ben Shenglin (賁聖林)                 Independent                     Male               55                   May 2015
                                               Non-executive Director
            Peter Hugh Nolan (彼得•諾蘭)           Independent                     Male               71                   February 2020
                                               Non-executive Director


            SUPERVISORS
            Gao Tao (高濤)                       Chairman of the                 Male               56                   June 2017
                                               Supervisory Committee
                                               Employee                                                                June 2017
                                               Representative Supervisor
            Jin Lizuo (金立佐)                    Supervisor                      Male               63                   May 2015
            Cui Zheng (崔錚)                     Supervisor                      Male               40                   February 2020
                                                                 China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   129




Name                              Position                         Gender              Age                   Appointment date
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Huang Zhaohui (黃朝暉)               See “Directors” above
Chu Gang (楚鋼)                     Chief Operating Officer          Male                57                    April 2015
                                  Member of the                                                              April 2015
                                  Management Committee
Wong King Fung (黃勁峯)              Chief Financial Officer          Male                52                    February 2017
                                  Member of the                                                              February 2017
                                  Management Committee
Hu Changsheng (胡長生)               Member of the                    Male                55                    June 2017
                                  Management Committee
Huang Haizhou (黃海洲)               Member of the                    Male                58                    April 2015
                                  Management Committee
Wu Bo (吳波)                        Member of the                    Male                43                    April 2018
                                  Management Committee
Wang Sheng (王晟)                   Member of the                    Male                43                    March 2020
                                  Management Committee
Zhang Fengwei (張逢偉)               Chief Risk Officer               Male                53                    June 2017
Chen Gang (陳剛)                    Chief Compliance Officer         Male                48                    August 2016
Xu Yicheng (徐翌成)                  Assistant President              Male                46                    March 2020
Sun Nan (孫男)                      Secretary to the                 Male                41                    May 2020
                                  Board of Directors
Ma Kui (馬葵)                       Financial Controller             Female              49                    May 2015


Please refer to “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 14. Directors’ and Supervisors’ Remuneration” of this report for
the remuneration of the Directors and Supervisors.
130   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Directors, Supervisors,
      Senior Management and Employees


                                           II.   BIOGRaPHIes OF dIReCtORs, suPeRVIsORs aNd seNIOR
                                                 MaNaGeMeNt
                                                 directors
                                                 Mr. Shen Rujun (沈如軍), aged 57, has been appointed as the Chairman of our Company
                                                 since August 2019, and serves as the Executive Director and Executive Vice President of China
                                                 Investment Corporation as well as the Vice Chairman, Executive Director and President of
                                                 Huijin Company. Mr. Shen successively served as the Deputy Section Chief, Section Chief, and
                                                 Deputy Director of the Accounting Division, as well as Deputy Director (in charge of the work)
                                                 and Director of the Planning Division of Jiangsu Branch of Industrial and Commercial Bank
                                                 of China Limited (hereinafter referred to as “ICBC”), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock
                                                 Exchange (Stock Code: 601398) and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 01398), from
                                                 December 1984 to December 1998. He served as the Vice General Manager of the Planning
                                                 and Finance Department of ICBC from December 1998 to November 2003; Vice President of
                                                 ICBC Beijing Branch from November 2003 to July 2008; General Manager of the Finance and
                                                 Accounting Department of ICBC from July 2008 to November 2013; and President of ICBC
                                                 Shandong Branch from November 2013 to March 2015. Mr. Shen served as the Vice President
                                                 of Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Bank of Communications”), a
                                                 company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 601328) and the Hong Kong
                                                 Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 03328), from March 2015 to June 2018; and Vice President and
                                                 Executive Director of Bank of Communications from June 2018 to October 2018. Mr. Shen
                                                 obtained his doctoral degree from School of Technology and Economics of Hohai University in
                                                 2001.


                                                 Mr. Huang Zhaohui (黃朝暉), aged 57, has been appointed as a Director of the Company
                                                 since February 2020, the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Management Committee
                                                 of our Company since December 2019. He joined the Group in February 1998 and held
                                                 several positions, including the Head, Deputy Head and Co-Head of the Investment Banking
                                                 Department. He also served as a member of the Management Committee of the Company
                                                 from April 2015 to December 2019. Prior to joining our Group, he joined China Construction
                                                 Bank Corporation, a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 939)
                                                 and Shanghai Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 601939), and served as a clerk of the Ningbo
                                                 branch office, an assistant research officer of the department of investment research, a senior
                                                 economist of the department of real estate financing, deputy director of department of
                                                 international business and director of the secretariat of the general administration office from
                                                 July 1988 to January 1998. He currently serves as a director of CICC Wealth Management, CICC
                                                 HK Securities and Jinteng Technology. Mr. Huang obtained a bachelor’s degree in physics from
                                                 Wuhan University (武漢大學) in July 1985 and a master’s degree in economics from Renmin
                                                 University of China in July 1988.
                                 China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   131




Ms. Tan Lixia (譚麗霞), aged 50, a Chartered Global Management Accountant, has been
appointed as a Director of the Company since February 2020. Ms. Tan joined Haier from August
1992, and successively served as the director of Department of Overseas Market Development of
Haier Group and Chief Financial Officer of Haier Group. Ms. Tan currently serves as the Executive
Vice President and Head of Wanchain Platform of Haier Group, Chairman of Haier Group (Qingdao)
Financing Holding Co., Ltd., Vice Chairman of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd., a company listed on
the Shanghai Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 600690) and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock
Code: 06690), a non-executive director of Bank of Qingdao Co., Ltd., a company listed on the
Shenzhen Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 002948) and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code:
03866), Chairman of Qingdao Haier Biomedical Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Shanghai Stock
Exchange (Stock Code: 688139) and Chairman of INKON Life Technology Co., Ltd., a company listed
on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 300143). Ms. Tan once served as a non-executive
director of Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd. Ms. Tan currently serves as a standing member of the
12th session of All-China Women’s Federation, Vice President of China Women Entrepreneurs
Association, the Chairman of Shandong Women Entrepreneurs Association and the Vice Chairman
of the 13th session of Qingdao Women’s Federation. Ms. Tan graduated from Central University of
Finance and Economics majoring in public finance in June 1992, and obtained an EMBA degree
from the China Europe International Business School in July 2009.


Mr. Duan Wenwu (段文務), aged 51, a senior accountant, has been appointed as a Director of
the Company since February 2020. Mr. Duan has served as the Chairman of I&G (NEEQ: 834777)
from May 2020, General Manager of I&G from April 2019, and Chairman of SDIC Financial Leasing
Co., Ltd. from March 2015. Mr. Duan served as the Deputy Manager and Financial Chief of Yunnan
Dachaoshan Hydropower Co., Ltd. Dachao Industrial Company from July 1998 to December 1998,
and successively served as Deputy Manager, Manager of the Finance Department, Deputy Chief
Accountant, Chief Accountant and Deputy Manager of Yunnan Dachaoshan Hydropower Co., Ltd.
(later renamed as SDIC Yunnan Dachaoshan Hydropower Co., Ltd.) from December 1998 to May
2008. Mr. Duan served as an assistant to the director of Finance and Accounting Department of
State Development & Investment Corporation (later renamed as State Development & Investment
Corp., Ltd.) from May 2008 to November 2008, Deputy General Manager of SDIC Finance Co., Ltd.
from November 2008 to August 2010, Deputy Director of Finance and Accounting Department
of State Development & Investment Corporation from August 2010 to August 2014, Director and
Deputy General Manager of China National Complete Plant Import and Export Group Corporation
Limited from March 2013 to August 2014, Director of Finance and Accounting Department and
Director of the Finance Department of State Development & Investment Corporation from August
2014 to August 2016 and from August 2016 to May 2017, respectively, Chairman of Rongshi
International Holding Company Limited from December 2016 to June 2020, General Manager of
SDIC Essence Co., Ltd. (later renamed as SDIC Capital Co., Ltd.), a company listed on the Shanghai
Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 600061), from May 2017 to December 2017, General Manager of SDIC
Capital Co., Ltd. from December 2017 to March 2018, Director of Essence Securities Co., Ltd. from
December 2017 to January 2019, and Chairman of SDIC Finance Co., Ltd. from March 2018 to April
2019. Mr. Duan obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Xiamen University in July 1990,
and a master’s degree in business administration from Jiangxi University of Finance and Economics
in January 2003.
132   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Directors, Supervisors,
      Senior Management and Employees


                                             Mr. Liu Li (劉力), aged 65, has been appointed as a Director of our Company since June 2016. He
                                             currently holds positions such as a Finance Professor in Guanghua School of Management of
                                             Peking University and Deputy Head and Doctoral Supervisor in Finance and Securities Research
                                             Center of Peking University. Mr. Liu has been teaching in Guanghua School of Management
                                             (formerly known as Economic Management Department of School of Economics) of Peking
                                             University since January 1986, and had been teaching in Beijing Institute of Iron and Steel from
                                             September 1984 to December 1985. Mr. Liu has served as an independent non-executive director
                                             of China Machinery Engineering Corporation, a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
                                             (Stock Code: 1829), since January 2011, and an independent director of CNPC Capital Company
                                             Limited, a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 000617), since June 2017.
                                             Mr. Liu also served as an independent non executive director of Bank of Communications, a
                                             company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 601328) and the Hong Kong Stock
                                             Exchange (Stock Code: 3328), from September 2014 to November 2020, and an independent
                                             director of Success Electronics Ltd., a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (Stock
                                             Code: 002289), from January 2016 to October 2020. Mr. Liu obtained a master’s degree in physics
                                             from Peking University in July 1984 and MBA from Catholic University of Louvain in Belgium in July
                                             1989.


                                             Mr. Siu Wai Keung (蕭偉強), aged 66, (former name: Francis Siu Wai Keung), has been appointed
                                             as a Director of our Company since May 2015. He served for KPMG for approximately 30 years,
                                             where he provided professional services to clients from various industries. He joined KPMG
                                             Manchester, England in 1979 and was transferred to Hong Kong in May 1986 and became a
                                             partner of KPMG Hong Kong in July 1993. From October 2000 to March 2002, he was a senior
                                             partner of KPMG Huazhen LLP Shanghai Office. Prior to his retirement in March 2010, he was a
                                             senior partner of KPMG Huazhen LLP Beijing Office and North China. He has extensive experience
                                             in providing audit services for PRC and overseas companies, and has a sound knowledge of
                                             advising on foreign direct investment in the PRC. Mr. Siu currently serves as an independent
                                             non-executive director of CITIC Limited, a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock
                                             Code: 267), since May 2011, an independent non-executive director of China Communications
                                             Services Corporation Limited, a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 552),
                                             since June 2012, an independent director of Beijing Gao Hua Securities Company Limited since
                                             June 2015, and an independent non-executive director of BHG Retail Trust Management Pte. Ltd.,
                                             since November 2015. Mr. Siu also served as an independent non executive director of Guoco
                                             Land Limited, a company listed on the Singapore Exchange (Stock Code: F17), from December
                                             2010 to October 2020, and an independent non-executive director of CGN Power Co., Ltd., a
                                             company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 1816) and the Shenzhen Stock
                                             Exchange (Stock Code: 003816), from March 2014 to August 2020. Mr. Siu has been a fellow
                                             member of the ICAEW and the HKICPA since July 1994 and September 1993. He obtained a
                                             bachelor’s degree in economics and accounting and financial management from The University of
                                             Sheffield, the United Kingdom, in July 1979.
                                 China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   133




Mr. Ben Shenglin (賁聖林), aged 55, has been appointed as a Director of our Company since
May 2015. He held several positions in ABN Amro in China and London, including leadership roles
such as senior vice president and general manager of working capital business in China from
September 1994 to January 2005. He served at HSBC from February 2005 to March 2010,
successively as China country head and managing director of financial institutions, and China
country head of commercial banking. From April 2010 to April 2014, he was with JP Morgan Chase
as a member of the global leadership team at global corporate bank and the chief executive
officer of J.P. Morgan Chase Bank (China). Mr. Ben currently serves as an independent director of
Wuchan Zhongda Group Co., Ltd. (物產中大集團股份有限公司), a company listed on the
Shanghai Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 600704), since February 2016, a supervisor of Industrial
Bank Co., Ltd. (興業銀行股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (Stock
Code: 601166), since December 2016, and a supervisor of China Construction Bank Corporation, a
company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 601939) and Hong Kong Stock
Exchange (Stock Code: 939), since June 2020. Mr. Ben has also served as an independent director
of Bank of Ningbo Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 2142),
from September 2014 to February 2020, an independent non-executive director of Tsingtao
Brewery Co., Ltd., a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 168), from June
2014 to June 2020. Mr. Ben joined Zhejiang University since May 2014 and currently serves as a
full-time professor and doctoral advisor. He is also the dean of Academy of Internet Finance since
April 2015, the dean of the International Business School since October 2018, and the co-director
of Zhejiang University- Ant FinTech Research Center since November 2019. He also currently
serves as an executive director of the International Monetary Institute in Renmin University of
China since January 2014 and the co-director thereof since July 2018, the dean of Zhejiang
Institute of Innovations since April 2018, a counsellor of the Zhejiang People’s Government since
August 2014, a member of Zhejiang Provincial Committee of the Chinese People’s Political and
Consultative Conference and Vice Commissioner of Economic Policy Committee since January
2018, the Joint Chairman of Zhejiang Association of Internet Finance since September 2015, a
member of the Guangdong Financial Experts Advisory Committee since November 2017, a
member of the International Cooperation Committee of the All-China Federation of Industry and
Commerce since December 2018 and an expert specially invited by the FinTech Cooperation
Committee of the Asian Financial Cooperation Association since July 2019. Mr. Ben obtained a
bachelor’s degree in engineering from Tsinghua University in July 1987, a master’s degree in
economics specializing in industrial enterprise management from Renmin University of China in
March 1990 and a doctoral degree in economics from Purdue University, the United States, in
August 1994.
134   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Directors, Supervisors,
      Senior Management and Employees


                                             Mr. Peter Hugh Nolan, aged 71, recipient of the Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the
                                             British Empire, has been appointed as a Director of the Company since February 2020. He has
                                             served as an independent non-executive director of China Everbright Group since January 2019
                                             and the director of China Centre, Jesus College at University of Cambridge since 2017. He has also
                                             served as the Director of the China Executive Leadership Programme (CELP) since 2005. Professor
                                             Nolan was a lecturer of Faculty of Economics and Politics at University of Cambridge from 1979 to
                                             1997 and Sinyi Professor of Chinese Management at Cambridge Judge Business School at
                                             University of Cambridge from 1997 to 2012. He was the founding director and Chong Hua
                                             Professor of Chinese Development in the Centre of Development Studies at University of
                                             Cambridge from 2012 to 2016 and Chong Hua Professor of Chinese Development (Emeritus) since
                                             2016. Professor Nolan also served as an independent non-executive director of Bank of
                                             Communications (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 601328) and
                                             the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 03328)) from November 2010 to November 2017.
                                             Professor Nolan obtained his Doctoral degree in Economics from University of London in 1981.
                                 China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report    135




supervisors
Mr. Gao Tao (高濤), aged 56, has been elected as the employee representative Supervisor and
appointed as the Chairman of the Supervisory Committee of the Company since June 2017. He
has been the chairman of the board of directors of CICC Wealth Management (formerly known as
“CISC”) since October 2015. From June 1991 to May 2005, he held several positions in China
Construction Bank including vice director and general manager of the department of human
resources of Anhui Branch, and the president of Huainan Branch. From May 2005 to September
2005, he served as a member of the Securities Restructuring Committee of China Jianyin
Investment Co., Ltd. From September 2005 to September 2006, he held several positions in CISC
including general manager of the department of human resources and vice president. From
September 2006 to September 2012, he held several positions in Hong Yuan Securities Co., Ltd.,
including vice general manager, board secretary and vice chairman. From September 2012 to
August 2015, he served as vice president of China Jianyin Investment Co., Ltd. Mr. Gao graduated
with a bachelor’s degree from Anhui Agricultural University (formerly known as “Anhui Agricultural
College”) in July 1986, and an executive master of business administration degree from Renmin
University of China in January 2009.


Mr. Jin Lizuo (金立佐), aged 63, has been appointed as a Supervisor of our Company since May
2015. He participated in the establishment of our Company from 1994 to 1995. Mr. Jin serves as an
independent non-executive director of Beijing Enterprises Environment Group Limited, a company
listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 154), since September 2004 and a
non-executive director of NetBrain Technologies Inc. since August 2012. Mr. Jin obtained a
bachelor’s degree in economics from Peking University in January 1982 and a doctoral degree in
economics from the University of Oxford, the United Kingdom, in November 1993. He is the
founding president of the Chinese Economic Association (CEA) UK.




Mr. Cui Zheng (崔錚), aged 40, has been appointed as a Supervisor of the Company since
February 2020. He has been serving as head of Legal Compliance Division of the General
Management Department of Huijin since February 2020. Mr. Cui joined Huijin in July 2011,
successively served as the manager of the General Department, the manager and senior deputy
manager of the General Management Department/Banking Institution Department II, head of
Legal Compliance Division of the General Management Department/Banking Institution
Department II, etc. From July 2003 to July 2011, Mr. Cui successively served as a business director,
business executive and senior business executive of Corporate Strategy Department (Legal
Department) of China Telecommunications Corporation (中國電信集團公司). Mr. Cui received a
bachelor’s degree in law and a bachelor’s degree in economics from Peking University in July 2003,
a master’s degree in law from Peking University in July 2009 and a master’s degree in business
administration from Peking University in July 2010.
136   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Directors, Supervisors,
      Senior Management and Employees


                                             senior Management
                                             Mr. Huang Zhaohui (黃朝暉), an executive Director, the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of
                                             the Management Committee of our Company. See “- Directors” in this section for his profile.


                                             Mr. Chu Gang (楚鋼), aged 57, has been appointed as the Chief Operating Officer and member
                                             of the Management Committee of our Company since April 2015. He joined the Group in May
                                             2009 and held several positions, including Managing Director of the Research Department, Deputy
                                             Head of the Capital Markets Department and Deputy Chief Operating Officer. Prior to joining the
                                             Group, he held several positions in Citigroup, including Emerging Market Risk Manager, US Local
                                             Government Bonds Proprietary Trader, Head of Latin America Stock Derivatives Trading and
                                             Managing Director of Alternative Investment Funds from September 1993 to August 2008. He
                                             currently serves as Director of a number of subsidiaries of our Company, including CICC HK
                                             Securities. Mr. Chu was qualified as a Chartered Financial Analyst of the CFA Institute in September
                                             2002. He obtained a bachelor’s degree in physics from University of Science and Technology of
                                             China (中國科學技術大學) in July 1987 and a doctoral degree in theoretical physics from
                                             Northeastern University, the United States, in September 1993. He also studied at Leonard N. Stern
                                             School of Business of New York University, the United States, until June 1997.
                                 China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   137




Mr. Wong King Fung (黃勁峯), aged 52, has been appointed as the Chief Financial Officer and
member of the Management Committee of the Company since February 2017. He joined the
Group in May 2016 and served as Managing Director in the Firm Management Department. Mr.
Wong has over 20 years of working experience in Mainland China, Hong Kong, Japan and the UK,
with international commercial bank, international investment bank, domestic securities firm and in
public accounting firm. Before joining the Group, Mr. Wong worked in Goldman Sachs and Beijing
Gao Hua Securities Company Limited from March 2000 to May 2016; during which he held a
number of positions in the asset management division of Goldman Sachs (Asia) from June 2008 to
May 2016, including Asia Pacific COO, Asia Pacific ex Japan COO, Head of Product Development
and Managing Director. From November 2006 to June 2008, he was responsible for coordinating
the middle and back offices as well as risk management functions at Beijing Gao Hua Securities
Company Limited. From March 2000 to November 2006, he served in a number of roles, including
Head of FICC Product Financial Control, Head of Equities Product Financial Control, Head of Japan
Product Financial Control, the Hong Kong Financial Controller and Executive Director at Goldman
Sachs (Asia) and Goldman Sachs Japan. From July 1997 to February 2000, Mr. Wong worked at
HSBC HK as Financial Manager of Capital Markets and Financial Manager of Money Foreign
Exchange Markets. From September 1991 to May 1997, Mr. Wong worked in the audit department
as Auditing and Accounting Trainee, Assistant Manager and Manager at KPMG (UK and HK). Mr.
Wong has been a member of the HKICPA and ICAEW for over 20 years. He met the professional
requirements by passing the exams and going through the required trainings for the ICAEW and
officially became a member and a certified accountant of ICAEW in November 1994. He met the
professional requirements of the HKICPA and officially became a member and a certified
accountant of the HKICPA in October 1995. He is currently Director of CICC Hong Kong. Mr. Wong
obtained a Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical Engineering from University of Bristol in June 1990.
138   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Directors, Supervisors,
      Senior Management and Employees


                                             Mr. Hu Changsheng (胡長生), aged 55, has been appointed as member of the Management
                                             Committee since June 2017, and the Chairman of CICC Fund Management Co., Ltd. since
                                             December 2020. From December 1998 to December 2005, he has successively served as the
                                             Deputy Director of the General Division of the Policy Research Office, member (at cadre level) of
                                             the Planning and Development Committee, Consultant of the Institution Supervision Division, and
                                             Commissioner of the Shenzhen Commissioner’s Office under the CSRC. From December 2005 to
                                             January 2008, he has served as the Deputy Director and then Director of the capital market
                                             department of Huijin. From January 2008 to November 2011, he has acted as the Senior Business
                                             Head and Director of Capital Market Division of the non-bank department of Huijin. From
                                             December 2005 to April 2010, he successively held the position as Director, Vice Chairman of the
                                             board of directors and Acting President of China Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd., a company listed on
                                             the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 06881) and Shanghai Stock Exchange (Stock Code:
                                             601881). From January 2007 to September 2010, he served as Director of China Galaxy Financial
                                             Holdings Company Limited. From November 2007 to January 2010, he acted as a Director of China
                                             Everbright Industry Group Ltd. He also served as the Vice Chairman of the board of directors of
                                             China Securities Co., Ltd. from March 2011 to November 2012. He was the Chairman of CISC
                                             Changchun Venture Capital Fund Management Co., Ltd. from November 2012 to August 2015. He
                                             also served as the Vice Chairman of the Executive Committee of CICC Wealth Management
                                             Securities from March 2012 to November 2019. He acted as the Chairman of CISC Luckystone
                                             Investment Management Co., Ltd. from November 2011 to April 2020. He served as the the
                                             Director and the Vice Chairman of CICC Wealth Management Securities from November 2011 to
                                             November 2020, and the President of CICC Wealth Management Securities from December 2011
                                             to November 2020 and the Chairman of the Executive Committee of CICC Wealth Management
                                             Securities from November 2019 to December 2020. Mr. Hu graduated with a doctor’s degree in
                                             economics from the Graduate Division of Beijing Public Finance Science Research Institute of
                                             Ministry of Finance in June 1997.


                                             Mr. Huang Haizhou (黃海洲), aged 58, has been appointed as member of the Management
                                             Committee and the Head of the Equities Department of our Company since April 2015 and May
                                             2013 respectively. He joined the Group in December 2007 and held several positions, including
                                             the Co-head of the Sales and Trading Department, Chief Strategist and Co-Head of the Research
                                             Department. Prior to joining the Group, he served as Research Fellow at The London School of
                                             Economics and Political Science, the United Kingdom, from January 1995 to June 1998, Economist
                                             and then Senior Economist at the International Monetary Fund from July 1998 to August 2005,
                                             and Chief Economist and Head of Greater China Research of Barclays Capital from September 2005
                                             to December 2007. He served as a member of the first session of the Hong Kong Financial Services
                                             Development Council from March 2013 to March 2018. He currently serves as Director of a
                                             number of subsidiaries of our Company, including CICC Hong Kong and CICC HK Securities. Mr.
                                             Huang obtained a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from Hefei University of Technology
                                             (合肥工業大學) in July 1983, a master’s degree in systems engineering from University of
                                             Shanghai for Science and Technology (上海理工大學) in July 1987 and a doctoral degree from
                                             the business school of Indiana University, the United States, in July 1994.
                                China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   139




Mr. Wu Bo（吳波）, aged 43, has been appointed as member of the Management Committee of
the Company since April 2018, and the Head of Wealth Management Department of the Company
since February 2017. He joined the Group in May 2004 and held several positions, including the
Head of the Sponsor Business Department, Deputy Head of the Growth Enterprise Investment
Banking Department, member of the Operations Team of the Investment Banking Department
and Secretary to the Board of Directors. He has been the President of CICC Wealth Management
Securities since November 2020, and Chairman of the Executive Committee of CICC Wealth
Management Securities since December 2020. Prior to joining the Group, from July 1999 to June
2002, Mr. Wu served as Auditor of Arthur Andersen Huaqiang Certified Public Accountants and
Senior Auditor of PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP. from July 2002 to April 2004. Mr. Wu
obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Peking University in July 1998 and an EMBA
degree from Guanghua School of Management, Peking University and Kellogg School of
Management (Northwestern University) in July 2018.




Mr. Wang Sheng (王晟), aged 43, has been appointed as member of the Management
Committee since March 2020. Mr. Wang Sheng is currently Head of the Investment Banking
Department and Managing Director of our Company. From March 2018 to March 2020, he served
as the Assistant President of the Company. Mr. Wang Sheng joined CICC in 2002. He successively
participated in the reforms and restructurings of a number of industries, including
telecommunications, finance, energy and pharmaceuticals, and led numerous landmark capital
market transactions. Mr. Wang Sheng has been covering a number of leading domestic and
foreign enterprises all the year round, and has been holding key management positions at the
Investment Banking Department of CICC since 2010. Mr. Wang Sheng graduated from the School
of Economics and Management of Tsinghua University, and obtained a Bachelor’s and a Master’s
degree in 2000 and 2002 respectively.
140   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Directors, Supervisors,
      Senior Management and Employees


                                             Mr. Zhang Fengwei (張逢偉), aged 53, has been appointed as the Chief Risk Officer and the
                                             Head of the Risk Management Department of our Company since June 2017. He joined the Group
                                             in April 2004 and held several positions, including Senior Associate of the Operations Department,
                                             Vice President, Managing Director and Deputy Head of the Risk Management Department. From
                                             March 2011 to February 2015, he served as the Chief Risk Officer of Zheshangjinhui Trust Co., Ltd.,
                                             an associated company of the Group. Prior to joining our Group, he served as a Programmer and
                                             Network Engineer of STONE Group from July 1991 to March 1996, and Assistant Vice President of
                                             Bank One N.A. Beijing Branch from April 1996 to March 2004. Mr. Zhang obtained a bachelor’s
                                             degree in Applied Mathematics from Tsinghua University in July 1991 and a master’s degree in
                                             Economics from Peking University in July 1997.




                                             Mr. Chen Gang (陳剛), aged 48, has been appointed as the Chief Compliance Officer of our
                                             Company since August 2016. He joined the Group in April 2006 and held several positions,
                                             including the Legal Department Coordinator of our US office as well as the Chief Compliance
                                             Officer of CICC Investment Management (USA), Inc., and Compliance Counsel in our Beijing and
                                             Hong Kong offices until January 2014. Prior to joining the Group, he served as a Research Associate
                                             of the Development Research Center of the State Council from August 1996 to January 2001, and
                                             Senior Associate of the Broad & Bright Law Firm from September 2004 to April 2006. He served as
                                             a Managing Director in charge of legal and compliance matters of HOPU Investment Management
                                             Co., Ltd. from January 2014 to April 2016. He rejoined the Group in May 2016 and served as
                                             Managing Director of our Compliance Department. Mr. Chen is a registered attorney of the New
                                             York State and has obtained the PRC legal professional qualification. Mr. Chen obtained his
                                             bachelor of science degree in applied chemistry and master of business administration degree
                                             from Peking University in July 1996 and July 2001 respectively. He also obtained a Juris Doctor
                                             degree from the University of Pennsylvania Law School in May 2004.




                                             Mr. Xu Yicheng (徐翌成), aged 46, has been appointed as Assistant President of our Company
                                             since March 2020. Mr. Xu Yicheng is now the Head of Asset Management Segment of the
                                             Company. He joined the Investment Banking Department of the Company in January 2000, and
                                             became Managing Director in January 2008. He took several positions in our Company including
                                             Secretary to the Board of Directors, Head of Strategic Development Department and Head of Firm
                                             Office. As one of China’s first batch of mergers and acquisitions (M&A) professionals, he founded
                                             and led the Company’s M&A business since 2005. Mr. Xu was responsible for and closed a large
                                             number of landmark M&A transactions with a total value of more than USD150 billion, and led the
                                             team to top the China M&A leaderboard for five consecutive years (2006-2010). In recent years, Mr.
                                             Xu assisted in formulating the Company’s medium and long-term strategic planning, including
                                             wealth management business strategy, asset management business strategy and other significant
                                             strategies, and took the lead in accomplishing important capital operations such as the acquisition
                                             of CISC and the introduction of Tencent as a strategic investor. Mr. Xu obtained a bachelor’s
                                             degree in English from Beijing Foreign Studies University in 1997 and a master’s degree in finance
                                             from the Graduate School of the PBOC in 2000.
                                 China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   141




Mr. Sun Nan (孫男), aged 41, has been appointed as Secaretary to the Board of Directors of our
Company since May 2020. Mr. Sun Nan currently serves as the Head of Strategic Development
Department and Firm Office of the Company. He joined the Investment Banking Department of
our Company in July 2003, and served as the Head of Global M&A Business of Investment Banking,
the Head of Sponsor Business of Investment Banking, the member of the Investment Banking
Business Committee, the member of operations team of the Investment Banking Department, the
Head of Strategic Research Department, etc. Mr. Sun has extensive experience in capital operation,
research and other areas. Mr. Sun obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Tsinghua
University in 2001 and a master’s degree in management from Tsinghua University in 2003.




Ms. Ma Kui (馬葵), aged 49, has been appointed as the Financial Controller, Head of Entity and
Process Department of our Company since May 2015 and September 2011 respectively. She
joined the Group in April 1998 and held several positions including the Head of the Finance
Department, Head of the Market Risk Department, Head of the Planning and Analysis Department,
Head of Operation Support Department, Assistant Chief Financial Officer, and chairman of the
board of directors of CICC Pucheng. Ms. Ma has been the Director of CICC Jiacheng, a subsidiary of
our Company, since June 2014. Prior to joining the Group, she served as, among other things, an
accountant in Motorola (China) Electronics Co., Ltd. from May 1995 to August 1997. She currently
serves as Director of a number of our subsidiaries, including CICC Hong Kong, CICC Jiacheng, CICC
Futures, CICC HK Securities, CICC HK AM and CICC HK Futures. Ms. Ma obtained a bachelor’s
degree in international economic cooperation and a master’s degree in international finance from
the University of International Business and Economics (對外經濟貿易大學) in June 1993 and
June 1996 respectively.
142   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Directors, Supervisors,
      Senior Management and Employees


      III. CHaNGes IN dIReCtORs, suPeRVIsORs aNd seNIOR MaNaGeMeNt
            (i)   Change in directors and Composition of the special Committees of the Board
                  With the approval of the Company’s first extraordinary general meeting in 2020 held on February 28, 2020, the second
                  session of the Board of the Company was established. Mr. Shen Rujun, Mr. Huang Hao, Ms. Xiong Lianhua, Ms. Tan Lixia and
                  Mr. Duan Wenwu were appointed as the non-executive Directors of the Company; Mr. Huang Zhaohui was appointed as the
                  executive Director of the Company; Mr. Liu Li, Mr. Siu Wai Keung, Mr. Ben Shenglin and Mr. Peter Hugh Nolan were appointed
                  as the independent non-executive Directors of the Company. At the same time, Mr. Bi Mingjian ceased to serve as an
                  executive Director of the Company; Ms. Zhao Haiying, Mr. David Bonderman, Mr. Liu Haifeng David, Mr. Shi Jun and Mr. Cha
                  Mou Daid Johnson ceased to serve as non-executive Directors of the Company; and Mr. Edwin Roca Lim ceased to serve as
                  an independent non-executive Director of the Company. The term of office of the second session of the Board of Directors is
                  three years from February 28, 2020. Details of the foregoing changes were disclosed in the announcement dated December
                  30, 2019 and the circular dated January 3, 2020, which is in relation to, among other things, election of new session of the
                  Board of Directors as published by the Company.

                  On February 28, 2020, the Board of Directors elected Mr. Shen Rujun as the Chairman of the second session of the Board of
                  Directors of the Company. He will serve as the Chairman of Board of Directors for the same term of office as his service as
                  the Director. On the same day, after consideration and approval by the Board of Directors, the chairmen and members of the
                  special committees of the second session of the Board of Directors are as follows:

                  1.     The members of the Strategy Committee are Mr. Shen Rujun, Mr. Huang Zhaohui, Mr. Huang Hao, Ms. Xiong Lianhua,
                         Ms. Tan Lixia, Mr. Duan Wenwu, and the chairman is Mr. Shen Rujun;

                  2.     The members of the Remuneration Committee are Ms. Tan Lixia, Mr. Siu Wai Keung, Mr. Ben Shenglin, Mr. Peter Hugh
                         Nolan, and the chairman is Mr. Peter Hugh Nolan;

                  3.     The members of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee are Mr. Shen Rujun, Mr. Huang Hao, Mr. Liu Li,
                         Mr. Ben Shenglin, Mr. Peter Hugh Nolan, and the chairman is Mr. Liu Li;

                  4.     The members of the Audit Committee are Mr. Huang Hao, Ms. Xiong Lianhua, Mr. Liu Li, Mr. Siu Wai Keung, Mr. Ben
                         Shenglin, and the chairman is Mr. Siu Wai Keung;

                  5.     The members of the Risk Management Committee are Mr. Huang Zhaohui, Ms. Xiong Lianhua, Mr. Duan Wenwu, Mr.
                         Liu Li, Mr. Siu Wai Keung, Mr. Ben Shenglin, and the chairman is Mr. Ben Shenglin.

                  The terms of office of the members of the special committees of the second session of the Board of Directors are the same as
                  those of their service as Directors. The aforesaid details of the change were disclosed in the announcement dated February
                  28, 2020 relating to, among other things, the election of the Chairman and members of the special committees of the Board
                  of Directors as published by the Company.

                  Since the date of the Company’s A Share Offering and Listing on November 2, 2020, the Board of Directors has established
                  the Related-Party Transaction Control Committee to perform the duties of related party/connected transaction control and
                  daily management of the Company. The members of the Related-Party Transaction Control Committee are Mr. Liu Li, Mr. Siu
                  Wai Keung, Mr. Peter Hugh Nolan, and the chairman is Mr. Siu Wai Keung.

                  Mr. Huang Hao has resigned from the office of the non-executive Director of the Company and the member of each of the
                  Strategy Committee, the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee and the Audit Committee of the Board due to
                  work rearrangement, with effect from December 8, 2020.

                  Ms. Xiong Lianhua has resigned from the office of the non-executive Director of the Company and the member of
                  each of the Strategy Committee, the Risk Management Committee and the Audit Committee of the Board due to work
                  rearrangement, with effect from January 14, 2021.
                                                                China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   143




(ii) Change in supervisors
    With the approval of the Company’s 2020 First Extraordinary General Meeting held on February 28, 2020, the second session
    of the Supervisory Committee of the Company was established. Mr. Jin Lizuo and Mr. Cui Zheng were appointed as the
    non-employee representative Supervisors of the Company, who jointly composed the second session of the Supervisory
    Committee of the Company together with Mr. Gao Tao, the employee representative Supervisor elected at the 2019 First
    Employees’ Representative Meeting of the Company. At the same time, Mr. Liu Haoling ceased to serve as a Supervisor
    of the Company. The term of office of the second session of the Supervisory Committee is three years from February 28,
    2020. Details of the foregoing changes were disclosed in the announcement dated December 30, 2019 and the circular
    dated January 3, 2020, which is in relation to, among other things, election of new session of the Supervisory Committee as
    published by the Company.


    On February 28, 2020, the Supervisory Committee elected Mr. Gao Tao as the Chairman of the second session of the
    Supervisory Committee of the Company. He will serve as the Chairman of the Supervisory Committee for the same term
    of office as his service as employee representative Supervisor. Details of the foregoing change were disclosed in the
    announcement dated February 28, 2020, which is in relation to, among other things, the election of the Chairman of the
    Supervisory Committee as published by the Company.


(iii) Change in senior Management
    The Board of Directors considered and approved to appoint Mr. Wang Sheng as a member of the Management Committee
    of the Company, responsible for the investment banking business, with effect from March 30, 2020. On the same day, Mr.
    Wang Sheng ceased to serve as the Assistant President of the Company.


    The Board of Directors considered and approved to appoint Mr. Xu Yicheng as the Assistant President of the Company,
    responsible for the asset management business, with effect from March 30, 2020.


    The Board of Directors considered and approved to appoint Mr. Sun Nan as the Secretary to the Board of Directors and Joint
    Company Secretary of the Company, with effect from May 8, 2020. On the same day, Mr. Xu Yicheng ceased to serve as the
    Secretary to the Board of Directors and Joint Company Secretary of the Company.


    Due to personal career planning, Ms. Liang Hong resigned from her position as a member of the Management Committee of
    the Company, with effect from April 27, 2020.


    Due to personal career planning, Mr. Cheng Qiang resigned from his position as a member of the Management Committee
    of the Company, with effect form May 13, 2020.


    On account of the age, Mr. Ding Wei and Mr. Lu Xu resigned from the positions as a member of the Management Committee
    and the Chief Information Officer of the Company, respectively, with effect from July 27, 2020.


    On account of the age, Ms. Yang Xinping resigned from her position as the Assistant President of the Company, with effect
    from January 12, 2021.


    Save from the above-mentioned changes, there has been no other change in Directors, Supervisors and senior management
    of our Company as of the Latest Practicable Date.
144   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Directors, Supervisors,
      Senior Management and Employees


      IV. ReMuNeRatION OF dIReCtORs, suPeRVIsORs aNd seNIOR MaNaGeMeNt
            The Remuneration Committee is responsible for developing and implementing a performance evaluation system that is adaptive
            to the changing market, a competitive remuneration policy, and reward and punishment measures that are linked to the operation
            and performance of our Company, according to the characteristics of the financial and securities industries, the main scopes, duties
            and importance of the positions of Directors and members of senior management, and the remuneration levels of the relevant
            positions in comparable companies. The Remuneration Committee reviews and approves the management’s remuneration
            proposals with reference to the corporate goals and objectives formulated by the Board of Directors and makes recommendations
            to the Board of Directors on our Company’s policy and structure for remuneration of all Directors and senior management and
            on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing remuneration policy. The Remuneration Committee
            reviews the performance of duties of the Directors and senior management, carries out annual performance appraisals and makes
            recommendations to the Board of Directors on the remuneration packages of Directors and senior management (including
            non-monetary benefits, pension rights and compensation payments (including any compensation payable for loss or termination
            of their office or appointment)). The Remuneration Committee shall consider factors such as characteristics of the financial and
            securities industries, salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities of the Directors and senior
            management, individual performance, employment conditions elsewhere in our Company when considering remuneration
            packages.


            The remuneration of the Directors and Supervisors is subject to approval by the Shareholders at general meetings whereas the
            remuneration of members of senior management is subject to approval by the Board of Directors.


            The remuneration (net of tax) our Directors and Supervisors have received (including fees, salaries, discretionary bonus,
            contributions to defined contribution benefit plans (including pension), housing and other allowances, as well as other benefits in
            kind) in 2020 was RMB15.5 million.


            Please refer to “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 14. Directors’ and Supervisors’ Remuneration” of this report for
            further details.


            The aggregate amount of fees, salaries, discretionary bonus, contributions to defined contribution benefit plans (including pension),
            housing and other allowances, as well as other benefits in kind paid to five highest paid individuals of our Company in 2020 was
            RMB86.1 million.


            Please refer to “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements – 15. Individuals with Highest Emoluments” of this report for further
            details.


            For the year ended December 31, 2020, the annual remuneration of the members of the senior management of the Company by
            band is set out below:


            Band of remuneration                                                                                       Number of individuals
            RMB1,000,001 to RMB5,000,000                                                                                                      3
            RMB5,000,001 to RMB10,000,000                                                                                                     7
            RMB10,000,001 to RMB15,000,000                                                                                                    3
            RMB15,000,001 to RMB20,000,000                                                                                                    4
                                                                    China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   145




V. eMPLOyees aNd ReMuNeRatION
   Number and Composition of employees
   As at December 31, 2020, we had 9,372 employees, among whom 8,678 employees were based in the Mainland China and 694
   employees were based in Hong Kong SAR, Singapore, the United States and the United Kingdom, representing 93% and 7%,
   respectively, of the total number of our employees. Approximately 94% and 49% of our employees had obtained bachelor’s
   degrees or master’s degrees and above, respectively. Moreover, approximately 28% of our employees and 45% of our managing
   directors had overseas education or working experience. The breakdown details are as follows:


                                                                                The Group                     Our Company
                                                                         Number of      Percentage       Number of      Percentage
   Items                                                                employees       of total (%)     employees      of total (%)
   Business Functions                   Investment banking                     1,526                16         1,379              31
                                        Equities business                        359                 4           252               6
                                        FICC                                     432                 5           240               5
                                        Asset management                         386                 4           225               5
                                        Private Equity                           415                 4             0               0
                                        Wealth management                      4,242                45           936              21
                                        Research                                 233                 3           206               5
                                        IT                                       410                 4           376               8
                                        Middle and back offices                1,369                15           842              19
                                        Total                                  9,372               100         4,456             100


   Educational Background               Doctors or above                         150                 2            91               2
                                        Masters                                4,428                47         3,060              69
                                        Bachelors                              4,256                45         1,211              27
                                        Associate degree and below               538                 6            94               2
                                        Total                                  9,372               100         4,456             100
146   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Directors, Supervisors,
      Senior Management and Employees



                    Profession structure of employees                              educational Background of employees

                                            16%                                                      2%
                                                                                         6%
                        15%                                 4%
                                                            5%
                                                            4%
                                                            4%                                                              47%
                   4%
                   3%


                                                          45%                      45%


                           Investment banking                                              Doctors or above
                           Equities business                                               Masters
                           FICC                                                            Bachelors
                           Asset management                                                Associate degree and below
                           Private Equity
                           Wealth management
                           Research
                           IT
                           Middle and back offices


            We consider that an outstanding and motivated talent pool is the foundation for our sustainable growth, and we have made
            significant investment in human resources development. We recruit and cultivate talented professionals through a range of human
            resources management tools, including a strict recruitment and selection process, a competitive remuneration structure, an
            efficient performance evaluation system and long-term employee development schemes.
                                                                 China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   147




Remuneration of employees
Consistent with market practice, the remuneration structure of our employees consists of basic salary, which is determined
according to the particular position, requirements of qualifications, working experience and market demand, and a bonus which
is determined according to the employee’s performance. We provide employees based in China with benefit plans required by
PRC laws and regulations, including pension insurance, medical insurance, workplace injury insurance, unemployment insurance,
maternity insurance and housing provident funds, and we also provide supplementary medical insurance for employees. A small
portion of our supporting employees are contracted through third-party employment agencies and we pay salaries and statutory
social welfare contributions for these employees. We provide employees of overseas offices with benefits in compliance with local
laws and regulations. Our Company encourages the employees to hold directly or indirectly, on a voluntary basis, the Shares of our
Company on the premise that the requirements of applicable laws, regulations and other relevant regulatory authorities have been
complied with.


training Plans
Our Company has adopted a comprehensive performance evaluation system to converge career development with our Company’s
development. We also provide various types of training programs for employees, including new employee orientation, professional
skills training, qualification training, management skills training and an executive development training program to improve their
skills. In addition, our Company also organized a number of thematic trainings for specific target audience during the Reporting
Period to promote the culture of risk awareness, enhance employees’ understanding of and compliance with applicable laws,
regulations, regulatory guidelines and internal policies.


Relationship with employees
During the Reporting Period and up to the Latest Practicable Date, we had not experienced any labor strikes or other material labor
disputes of our employees that affected our operations. We have maintained good relationship with our employees.
148   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report




      Corporate Governance Report


      I.    OVeRVIeW OF CORPORate GOVeRNaNCe
            As a leading investment bank rooted in China and connected with the world, and a company registered in China and listed on
            the Shanghai Stock Exchange as well as the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Company operates in strict accordance with the laws,
            regulations and normative documents issued in Mainland China and Hong Kong. The Company is aware of the importance of good
            corporate governance, and has established a sound and complete corporate governance structure composed of the Shareholders’
            General Meeting, the Board of Directors, the Supervisory Committee and the management of the Company in accordance with the
            requirements of the Company Law, the Securities Law, the Rules on Supervision over Securities Companies, the Code of Corporate
            Governance for Securities Companies and other laws, regulations and normative documents, contributing to the establishment of
            a complete corporate governance system of deliberation, decision-making, authorization and implementation with clear authority
            and responsibility, standardized operation, mutual coordination and checks and balances among the organ of power, the organ of
            decision-making, the organ of supervision and the management.

            In accordance with the relevant laws, regulations and normative documents, the company has formulated the Articles of
            Association of China International Capital Corporation, the Rules of Procedures of the Meeting of Shareholders’ General Meeting,
            the Rules of Procedures of the Meeting of Board of Directors, the Rules of Procedures of the Meeting of Supervisory Committee,
            the Rules of Procedures of Management Committee (Trial) and other corporate governance policies. The scope of authority and
            responsibility and work procedures of the Shareholder’s General Meeting, the Board of Directors, the Supervisory Committee and
            the management of the Company are further clarified, which provides institutional guarantee for the standardized operation of the
            Company. The Company believes that adhering to a high level of corporate governance distinguishes us from other companies
            and helps us establish a healthy and stable relationship with shareholders. The Shareholder’s General Meetings, meetings of
            the Board of Directors and meetings of the Supervisory Committee of the Company are held in accordance with the Articles of
            Association and relevant rules of procedures.

            During the Reporting Period, our Company strictly complied with the Corporate Governance Code, followed all code provisions
            and met the requirements of part of the recommended best practices set out in the Corporate Governance Code.

            The organization chart of our Company is set out in “Company Profile – II. Introduction to our Company – Corporate Organization
            and Structure” in this report.

      II.   sHaReHOLdeRs aNd GeNeRaL MeetINGs
            (i)   Rights of shareholders’ General Meetings and shareholders
                  The shareholders’ general meeting is the body exercising the highest authority of our Company and shall exercise the duties
                  and powers in accordance with the laws, the Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedures of the Shareholders’ General
                  Meeting of CICC. Our Company convened the shareholders’ general meetings in strict compliance with the relevant rules
                  and procedures such that all shareholders are treated equally and can exercise their rights fully. During the Reporting Period,
                  our Company convened five shareholders’ general meetings (including the shareholders’ class meetings) in total.

            (ii) Overview of shareholders’ General Meetings
                  During the Reporting Period, our Company convened five shareholders’ general meetings (including the shareholders’ class
                  meetings), the details and resolutions of which are as follows:

                  1.     On February 28, 2020, the 2020 First Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company were held and the following
                         resolutions were considered and approved: the Proposal regarding the Amendments to the Articles of Association; the
                         Proposal regarding the Election of New Session of the Board of Directors; the Proposal regarding the Election of New
                         Session of the Supervisory Committee, and the Proposal regarding the Amendments to the Rules of Procedures of the
                         Shareholders’ General Meeting.
                                                           China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   149




2.   On April 14, 2020, the 2020 Second Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company was held and the following
     resolutions were considered and approved: the Proposal regarding the Plan for the Initial Public Offering and Listing
     of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares); the Proposal regarding Authorization to the Board of Directors and its Authorized
     Persons to Deal with Matters in connection with the Initial Public Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A
     Shares); the Proposal regarding the Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary
     Shares (A Shares); the Proposal regarding the Amendments to the Articles of Association; the Proposal regarding the
     Dilution of Immediate Returns Resulting from the Initial Public Offering of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares) and the
     Remedial Measures; the Proposal regarding the Price Stabilization Plan of A Shares within the three years following
     the Initial Public Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares); the Proposal regarding the Undertakings
     on the Information Disclosure in the Prospectus in connection with the Initial Public Offering and Listing of RMB
     Ordinary Shares (A Shares); the Proposal regarding the Plan for Shareholders’ Return within Three Years Following the
     Initial Public Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares); the Proposal regarding the Report on the Use
     of Previously Raised Proceeds; the Proposal regarding the Directors’ Remuneration Package; the Proposal regarding
     the Supervisors’ Remuneration Package; the Proposal regarding the Purchase of Liability Insurance for the A Shares
     Prospectus; the Proposal regarding the Amendments to the Rules of Procedures of the Shareholders’ General Meeting;
     the Proposal regarding the Amendments to the Rules of Procedures of the Meeting of Board of Directors; and the
     Proposal regarding the Amendments to the Rules of Procedures of the Meeting of Supervisory Committee.


3.   On April 14, 2020, the 2020 First Domestic Shareholders’ Class Meeting of the Company was convened, at which the
     following resolutions were considered and approved: the Proposal regarding the Plan for the Initial Public Offering
     and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares); the Proposal regarding Authorization to the Board of Directors and its
     Authorized Persons to Deal with Matters in connection with the Initial Public Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary
     Shares (A Shares); the Proposal regarding the Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and Listing of RMB
     Ordinary Shares (A Shares); the Proposal regarding the Dilution of Immediate Returns Resulting from the Initial Public
     Offering of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares) and the Remedial Measures; the Proposal regarding the Price Stabilization
     Plan of A Shares within the Three Years Following the Initial Public Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A
     Shares); the Proposal regarding the Undertakings on the Information Disclosure in the Prospectus in connection with
     the Initial Public Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares); and the Proposal regarding the Report on the
     Use of Previously Raised Proceeds.


4.   On April 14, 2020, the 2020 First H Shareholders’ Class Meeting of the Company was convened, at which the following
     resolutions were considered and approved: the Proposal regarding the Plan for the Initial Public Offering and Listing
     of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares); the Proposal regarding Authorization to the Board of Directors and its Authorized
     Persons to Deal with Matters in connection with the Initial Public Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A
     Shares); the Proposal regarding the Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares
     (A Shares); the Proposal regarding the Dilution of Immediate Returns Resulting from the Initial Public Offering of RMB
     Ordinary Shares (A Shares) and the Remedial Measures; the Proposal regarding the Price Stabilization Plan of A Shares
     within the Three Years Following the Initial Public Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares); the Proposal
     regarding the Undertakings on the Information Disclosure in the Prospectus in connection with the Initial Public
     Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares); and the Proposal regarding the Report on the Use of Previously
     Raised Proceeds.
150   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Corporate Governance Report



                  5.       On May 15, 2020, the 2019 AGM of the Company were held and the following resolutions were considered and
                           approved: the Proposal regarding the 2019 Work Report of the Board of Directors; the Proposal regarding the 2019
                           Work Report of the Supervisory Committee; the Proposal regarding the 2019 Annual Report; the Proposal regarding
                           the 2019 Profit Distribution Plan; the Proposal regarding Re-appointment of the accounting firm; and the Proposal
                           regarding the Plan on Authorization of the Shareholders’ General Meeting to the Board of Directors.


            (iii) attendance of the directors at the shareholders’ General Meetings
                  During the Reporting Period, five shareholders’ general meetings (including the shareholders’ class meetings) were held and
                  the attendance of the Directors at the shareholders’ general meetings is as follows:


                                                                                                 Required attendance              Actual attendance
                                                                                                       at shareholders’             at shareholders’
                  Name of Directors Note                                                             general meetings              general meetings
                  Shen Rujun                                                                                            5                             5
                  Huang Zhaohui                                                                                         4                             4
                  Huang Hao                                                                                             4                             4
                  Xiong Lianhua                                                                                         4                             4
                  Tan Lixia                                                                                             4                             4
                  Duan Wenwu                                                                                            4                             4
                  Liu Li                                                                                                5                             5
                  Siu Wai Keung                                                                                         5                             5
                  Ben Shenglin                                                                                          5                             5
                  Peter Hugh Nolan                                                                                      4                             4
                  Bi Mingjian                                                                                           1                             1
                  Zhao Haiying                                                                                          1                             1
                  David Bonderman                                                                                       1                             0
                  Liu Haifeng David                                                                                     1                             1
                  Shi Jun                                                                                               1                             0
                  Cha Mou Daid Johnson                                                                                  1                             0
                  Edwin Roca Lim                                                                                        1                             0


                  Note: With the approval of the Company’s 2020 First Extraordinary General Meeting, the second session of the Board of the Company
                        was established. Among them, Mr. Huang Zhaohui, Mr. Huang Hao, Ms. Xiong Lianhua, Ms. Tan Lixia and Mr. Duan Wenwu started
                        to serve as the Directors of the Company since February 28, 2020. Mr. Bi Mingjian, Ms. Zhao Haiying, Mr. David Bonderman, Mr. Liu
                        Haifeng David, Mr. Shi Jun, Mr. Cha Mou Daid Johnson and Mr. Edwin Roca Lim ceased to serve as the Directors of the Company since
                        February 28, 2020. The appointment of Mr. Peter Hugh Nolan as the independent non-executive Director takes effect from March
                        1, 2020. Mr. Huang Hao has resigned from the office of non-executive Director of the Company since December 8, 2020. Ms. Xiong
                        Lianhua has resigned from the office of non-executive Director of the Company since January 14, 2021.
                                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report     151




III. BOaRd OF dIReCtORs aNd PeRFORMaNCe OF dutIes
   (i)   duties of the Board of directors and the Management
         The Board exercises the powers and duties set out in the Articles of Association, and shall be accountable to the shareholders’
         general meeting. The duties of the Board include but are not limited to being responsible for convening the shareholders’
         general meetings and reporting its work thereto; implementing resolutions adopted at the shareholders’ general meetings;
         deciding the business plans and investment programs of our Company; formulating profit distribution plans and loss
         recovery plans of our Company; making decisions on the establishment of our Company’s internal management bodies;
         appointing or dismissing the senior management of our Company and deciding on matters concerning the remuneration of
         the senior management; and other functions and powers prescribed by the relevant laws, regulations, securities regulatory
         rules or the Articles of Association and authorized by the shareholders’ general meeting. The management of our Company is
         responsible for carrying out the resolutions or decisions of the Board and other duties specified in the Articles of Association.


   (ii) Composition of the Board of directors
         Our Company strictly complies with the requirements under the Articles of Association and relevant rules in respect of the
         appointment of the Directors. The Board meetings were convened in accordance with the Articles of Association and the
         Rules of Procedures of the Board of Directors of CICC.


         As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Board of our Company comprises nine Directors, including one executive Director
         (Mr. Huang Zhaohui), four non-executive Directors (Mr. Shen Rujun, Ms. Xiong Lianhua, Ms. Tan Lixia and Mr. Duan Wenwu)
         and four independent non-executive Directors (Mr. Liu Li, Mr. Siu Wai Keung, Mr. Ben Shenglin and Mr. Peter Hugh Nolan).
         None of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management is related to other Directors, Supervisors and members of the
         senior management of our Company. For the details in the changes of Directors, please refer to “Directors, Supervisors, Senior
         Management and Employees – III. Changes in Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” in this report.


         Directors are elected by the shareholders’ general meeting to serve a term of three years and are eligible for re-election upon
         the expiration of the term where the term of re-election shall not exceed six years for independent non-executive Directors.
         Our Company has received the annual confirmation of independence from each of the independent non-executive
         Directors pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. Our Company believes that each independent non-executive Director
         is independent as specified in the Listing Rules. Independent non-executive Directors are able to exercise independent and
         objective judgments and protect the interests of minority shareholders.


         The biographies of all Directors are set out in “Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees – II. Biographies of
         Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” in this report.


   (iii) Meetings of the Board of directors
         During the Reporting Period, the Board of Directors convened 9 meetings, and the details and resolutions of which are as
         follows:


         1.    On January 20, 2020, the Company convened the 41st meeting of the first session of the Board, at which the Board
               heard the Report on the 2019 Performance Review, and considered and approved the following proposals: the
               Proposal regarding the 2019 Firm-wide Compensation; and the Proposal regarding Authorization for the Remuneration
               Committee of the Board of Directors to Determine the 2019 Compensation of Senior Management;
152   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Corporate Governance Report



                  2.     On February 28, 2020, the first meeting of the second session of the Board of the Company was convened, at which
                         the following proposals were considered and approved: the Proposal regarding Election of Chairman; the Proposal
                         regarding the Establishment and Composition of Special Committees of the Board of Directors; the Proposal regarding
                         Change of Authorized Representatives under Rule 3.05 of the Listing Rules; the Proposal regarding the Plan for the
                         Initial Public Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares); the Proposal regarding Authorization to the
                         Board of Directors and its Authorized Persons to Deal with Matters in connection with the Initial Public Offering
                         and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares); the Proposal regarding Confirmation of the Authorized Persons of
                         the Board of Directors for Issues in connection with the Initial Public Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares
                         (A Shares); the Proposal regarding the Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary
                         Shares (A Shares); the Proposal regarding the Amendments to the Articles of Association; the Proposal regarding the
                         Dilution of Immediate Returns Resulting from the Initial Public Offering of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares) and the
                         Remedial Measures; the Proposal regarding the Price Stabilization Plan of the Company’s A Shares within the Three
                         Years Following the Initial Public Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares); the Proposal regarding
                         the Undertakings on the Information Disclosure in the Prospectus in connection with the Initial Public Offering and
                         Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares); the Proposal regarding the Plan for Shareholders’ Return within Three Years
                         following the Initial Public Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares); the Proposal regarding the Report
                         on the Use of Previously Raised Proceeds; the Proposal regarding the Directors’ Remuneration Package; the Proposal
                         regarding the Purchase of Liability Insurance for the A Shares Prospectus; the Proposal regarding the Amendments to
                         the Rules of Procedures of the Shareholders’ General Meeting; the Proposal regarding the Amendments to the Rules of
                         Procedures of the Meeting of Board of Directors; and the Proposal regarding the Request to Convene the 2020 Second
                         Extraordinary General Meeting, the 2020 First Domestic Shareholders’ Class Meeting and the 2020 First H Shareholders’
                         Class Meeting.


                  3.     On March 30, 2020, the second meeting of the second session of the Board of the Company was convened, at which
                         the following proposals were considered and approved: the Proposal regarding the 2020 Operating Plan; the Proposal
                         regarding the 2019 Work Report of the Board of Directors; the Proposal regarding the 2019 Annual Report and the
                         2019 Annual Results Announcement; the Proposal regarding the 2019 Profit Distribution Plan; the Proposal regarding
                         Re-appointment of the Accounting Firms; the Proposal regarding the Plan on Authorization of the Shareholders’
                         General Meeting to the Board of Directors; the Proposal regarding the Plan on Authorization of the Board of
                         Directors to the Chief Executive Officer; the Proposal regarding Appointment of Wang Sheng as the Member of the
                         Management Committee; the Proposal regarding Appointment of Xu Yicheng as the Assistant President; the Proposal
                         regarding Change of the Secretary to the Board of Directors and Joint Company Secretary; the Proposal regarding the
                         Internal Audit Charter; the Proposal regarding the 2019 Annual Compliance Report; the Proposal regarding the 2019
                         Internal Control Assessment Report; the Proposal regarding the 2019 Risk Assessment Report; the Proposal regarding
                         the Amendment to the Risk Appetite Statement; the Proposal regarding the Prospectus for the Initial Public Offering
                         and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares); the Proposal regarding Financial and Accounting Documents related
                         to the Application for Initial Public Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares); the Proposal regarding
                         Confirming Related-Party Transactions during the Reporting Period; the Proposal regarding Basic Policies of the
                         Company Applicable after the Initial Public Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares); and the Proposal
                         regarding the Request to Convene the 2019 Annual General Meeting.
                                                          China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   153




4.   On May 15, 2020, the third meeting of the second session of the Board of the Company was convened, at which the
     following proposals were considered and approved: the Proposal regarding Capital Injection to China International
     Capital Corporation (Hong Kong) Limited; the Proposal regarding Adjustment of Internal Organization of the
     Company; the Proposal regarding Relevant Authorization for the Operation of Collective Asset Management Plan after
     Rectification of the Company; and the Proposal regarding the Annual Work Overall Effect and Efficiency Evaluation
     Report of Information Technology Management in 2019.


5.   On July 20, 2020, the fourth meeting of the second session of the Board of the Company was convened, at which
     the following proposals were considered and approved: the Proposal regarding the Amendment to the Plan for
     the Initial Public Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares); the Proposal regarding the Amendment to
     Authorization to the Board of Directors and its Authorized Persons to Deal with Matters in connection with the Initial
     Public Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares); and the Proposal regarding Request to Convene the
     2020 Third Extraordinary General Meeting, the 2020 Second Domestic Shareholders’ Class Meeting and the 2020
     Second H Shareholders’ Class Meeting.


6.   On August 15, 2020, the fifth meeting of the second session of the Board of the Company was convened, at which
     the following proposals were considered and approved: the Proposal regarding Cancellation of the Amendments
     to the Plan and Authorization for the A Shares Offering; and the Proposal regarding Cancellation of the 2020 Third
     Extraordinary General Meeting, the 2020 Second Domestic Shareholders’ Class Meeting and the 2020 Second H
     Shareholders’ Class Meeting.


7.   On August 17, 2020, the sixth meeting of the second session of the Board of the Company was convened, at which
     the following proposals were considered and approved: the Proposal regarding the 2020 Interim Reports and the 2020
     Interim Results Announcement; the Proposal regarding the 2020 Semi-Annual Internal Control Assessment Report;
     the Proposal regarding the Supplementing Financial and Accounting Documents related to the Application for Initial
     Public Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares); the Proposal regarding the Confirming Related-Party
     Transactions during the Reporting Period; the Proposal regarding the Formulation of the Rules of Procedures of
     Management Committee (Trial); the Proposal regarding the Establishment of the Second Private Fund Management
     Subsidiary; and the Proposal regarding the Amendment to the Risk Appetite Statement. The Board also heard the 2020
     Interim Compliance Management Report and 2020 Interim Risk Assessment Report.


8.   On August 28, 2020, the seventh meeting of the second session of the Board of the Company was convened, at which
     the following proposal was considered and approved: the Proposal regarding Approval of the Rectification Plan for
     Asset Management Products and Related Authorizations.


9.   On October 29, 2020, the eighth meeting of the second session of the Board of the Company was convened, at which
     the following proposals were considered and approved: the Proposal regarding the 2020 Third Quarterly Reports; the
     Proposal regarding the Adjustment of the Internal Organization of CICC - Establishment of CICC Global Institute; the
     Proposal regarding the Capital Injection to CICC Pucheng Investment Co., Ltd.; the Proposal regarding Capital Injection
     to China International Capital Corporation (Hong Kong Securities) Limited by China International Capital Corporation
     (Hong Kong) Limited; the Proposal regarding the Amendments to the Risk Management Policy; and the Proposal
     regarding the Appointment of the Securities Affairs Representative. The Board also heard the Report regarding the
     Construction of Houhai Building of China CICC Wealth Management Securities Company Limited.
154   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Corporate Governance Report




            (iv) attendance of directors at Board meetings
                  During the Reporting Period, the Board of Directors convened 9 meetings and the attendance of Directors at the Board
                  meetings is as follows:


                                                                                                 Required attendance              Actual attendance
                  Name of Directors Note                                                            at Board meetings             at Board meetings
                  Shen Rujun                                                                                            9                             9
                  Huang Zhaohui                                                                                         8                             8
                  Huang Hao                                                                                             8                             8
                  Xiong Lianhua                                                                                         8                             8
                  Tan Lixia                                                                                             8                             8
                  Duan Wenwu                                                                                            8                             8
                  Liu Li                                                                                                9                             9
                  Siu Wai Keung                                                                                         9                             9
                  Ben Shenglin                                                                                          9                             9
                  Peter Hugh Nolan                                                                                      7                             7
                  Bi Mingjian                                                                                           1                             1
                  Zhao Haiying                                                                                          1                             1
                  David Bonderman                                                                                       1                             1
                  Liu Haifeng David                                                                                     1                             1
                  Shi Jun                                                                                               1                             1
                  Cha Mou Daid Johnson                                                                                  1                             1
                  Edwin Roca Lim                                                                                        1                             1


                  Note: With the approval of the Company’s 2020 First Extraordinary General Meeting, the second session of the Board of the Company
                        was established. Among them, Mr. Huang Zhaohui, Mr. Huang Hao, Ms. Xiong Lianhua, Ms. Tan Lixia and Mr. Duan Wenwu started
                        to serve as the Directors of the Company since February 28, 2020. Mr. Bi Mingjian, Ms. Zhao Haiying, Mr. David Bonderman, Mr. Liu
                        Haifeng David, Mr. Shi Jun, Mr. Cha Mou Daid Johnson and Mr. Edwin Roca Lim ceased to serve as the Directors of the Company since
                        February 28, 2020. The appointment of Mr. Peter Hugh Nolan as the independent non-executive Director takes effect from March
                        1, 2020. Mr. Huang Hao has resigned from the office of non-executive Director of the Company since December 8, 2020. Ms. Xiong
                        Lianhua has resigned from the office of non-executive Director of the Company since January 14, 2021.

            (v) training for directors
                  Our Company recognizes the importance of training and continuous professional development of the Directors to ensure
                  that the Directors are kept abreast of the latest developments of our Company and their responsibilities under the relevant
                  laws and regulations as well as our Company’s business and governance policies, so as to assist them in performing their
                  duties as Directors. In 2020, our Company arranged trainings for all the Directors related to the duties and responsibilities as a
                  director of an A+H listed issuer in a variety of ways such as providing online training and written and video training materials.
                  The trainings covered a broad range of topics including relevant regulations on initial public offering and listing of A Shares,
                  information disclosure, insider trading, corporate governance and the code of conduct of directors, supervisors and senior
                  management under the Listing rules and the Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on Shanghai Stock Exchange, and the
                  introduction on the revised Securities Law, etc.
                                                                                China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report            155




IV. BOaRd COMMIttees aNd PeRFORMaNCe OF dutIes
   In accordance with the relevant PRC laws and regulations, the Articles of Association and the corporate governance practice
   prescribed in the Listing Rules, our Company has established six Board Committees, namely, the Strategy Committee, the
   Remuneration Committee, the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee, the Audit Committee, the Risk Management
   Committee and the Related-Party Transaction Control Committee, to each of which certain responsibilities are delegated, so as to
   assist the Board in performing its duties from various aspects. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the composition of each Board
   Committee is listed as follows:


   Name of Committees                            Members of Committee Note 1
   Strategy Committee                            Shen Rujun (Chairman), Huang Zhaohui, Xiong Lianhua, Tan Lixia and Duan Wenwu


   Remuneration Committee                        Peter Hugh Nolan (Chairman), Tan Lixia, Siu Wai Keung and Ben Shenglin


   Nomination and Corporate                      Liu Li (Chairman), Shen Rujun, Ben Shenglin and Peter Hugh Nolan Note 2
         Governance Committee


   Audit Committee                               Siu Wai Keung (Chairman), Xiong Lianhua, Liu Li and Ben Shenglin


   Risk Management Committee                     Ben Shenglin (Chairman), Huang Zhaohui, Xiong Lianhua, Duan Wenwu, Liu Li and Siu Wai
                                                 Keung


   Related-Party Transaction Control             Siu Wai Keung (Chairman), Liu Li and Peter Hugh Nolan
         Committee    Note 3




   Notes:

   (1)      On February 28, 2020, the Board of Directors reviewed and approved the proposal regarding the composition of the chairmen and members
            of the Special Committees of the Second Session of the Board of Directors. The term of office of the members of the Special Committees of
            the Board of Directors is the same as that of the Directors, which is three years from the date of consideration and approval at the 2020 First
            Extraordinary General Meeting of the proposal regarding the election of new session of the Board of Directors and the date of the formation
            of the second session of the Board of Directors.

   (2)      The appointment of Mr. Peter Hugh Nolan as the independent non-executive Director of the Company, the chairman of the Remuneration
            Committee of the Board, and a member of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board takes effect from March 1,
            2020.

   (3)      In order to ensure that the Company’s governance structure meets the relevant regulatory requirements upon the A Share Offering and
            Listing, the Company has established the Related-Party Transaction Control Committee, which took effect on November 2, 2020, the date of
            the A Share Offering and Listing.
156   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Corporate Governance Report




            (i)   strategy Committee
                  1.     Functions of the Committee
                         The primary duties of the Strategy Committee include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) conducting research
                         on our Company’s short-, medium- and long-term development strategies or other relevant issues; (ii) providing
                         suggestions for our Company’s long-term development strategies, major investments, reforms and other major
                         decisions; and (iii) performing other duties stipulated in laws, regulations and the Listing Rules and authorized by the
                         Board.


                  2.     Work summaries and Meetings of the Committee
                         In 2020, the Strategy Committee has convened 3 meetings. Details of the meetings of the Strategy Committee are set
                         out below:


                         On February 28, 2020, the 2020 first meeting of the Strategy Committee of the Board was convened, at which the
                         following proposals were considered and approved: the Proposal regarding the Plan for the Initial Public Offering and
                         Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares) and the Proposal regarding the Amendments to the Terms of Reference of
                         the Strategy Committee.


                         On July 20, 2020, the 2020 second meeting of the Strategy Committee of the Board was convened, at which the
                         following proposal was considered and approved: the Proposal regarding the Amendment to the Plan for the Initial
                         Public Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares).


                         On October 29, 2020, the 2020 third meeting of the Strategy Committee of the Board was convened, at which the
                         Strategy Committee heard the Report on the Medium and Long-Term Strategy.


                  3.     attendance of Members of the Committee
                                                                                               Required attendance at          Actual attendance at
                         Name                                                                                  meetings                     meetings
                         Shen Rujun                                                                                     3                             3
                         Huang Zhaohui                                                                                  3                             3
                         Huang Hao      Note 1
                                                                                                                        3                             3
                         Xiong Lianhua Note 2                                                                           3                             3
                         Tan Lixia                                                                                      3                             3
                         Duan Wenwu                                                                                     3                             3


                         Notes:

                         (1)      Mr. Huang Hao has resigned from the office of the non-executive Director of the Company, the member of the Strategy
                                  Committee of the Board, the member of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee and the member of the Audit
                                  Committee, with effect from December 8, 2020.

                         (2)      Ms. Xiong Lianhua has resigned from the office of the non-executive Director of the Company, the member of the Strategy
                                  Committee, the member of the Risk Management Committee and the member of the Audit Committee of the Board, with
                                  effect from January 14, 2021.
                                                              China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   157




(ii) Remuneration Committee
    1.   Functions of the Committee
         The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) deliberating on
         the appraisal and remuneration management system for Directors and members of senior management and giving
         opinions; (ii) conducting appraisal of Directors and members of senior management and making recommendations;
         and (iii) performing other duties stipulated in laws, regulations and the Listing Rules and authorized by the Board.
         For details, please refer to the Terms of Reference of the Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors of CICC
         available on the websites of our Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


    2.   Work summaries and Meetings of the Committee
         In 2020, the Remuneration Committee has convened 5 meetings. Details of the meetings of the Remuneration
         Committee are set out below:


         On January 20, 2020, the 2020 first meeting of the Remuneration Committee of the Board was convened, at which the
         following proposal was considered and approved: the Proposal regarding the 2019 Firm-wide Compensation.


         On February 11, 2020, the 2020 second meeting of the Remuneration Committee of the Board was convened, at which
         the Remuneration Committee heard the Report on the 2019 Performance Review of the Senior Management


         On February 26, 2020, the 2020 third meeting of the Remuneration Committee of the Board was convened, at which
         the Remuneration Committee heard the Report on the 2019 Compensation Market Trends and the Report on the
         2019 Divisional Compensation Allocation Analysis and considered and approved the Proposal regarding the 2019
         Compensation of the Senior Management, and the Proposal regarding Authorization for the Chairman of the Board of
         Directors and the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors to sign the Evaluation Report
         regarding the Compliance Officer of the Board of Directors (2019).


         On March 26, 2020, the 2020 fourth meeting of the Remuneration Committee of the Board was convened, at which
         the following proposal was considered and approved: the Proposal regarding the Amendments to the Terms of
         Reference of the Remuneration Committee.


         On August 13, 2020, the 2020 fifth meeting of the Remuneration Committee of the Board was convened, at which the
         Remuneration Committee heard the Report on the 2020 Interim Performance Review of the Senior Management.
158   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Corporate Governance Report




                  3.     attendance of Members of the Committee
                                                                                              Required attendance at          Actual attendance at
                         Name                                                                                 meetings                     meetings
                         Peter Hugh Nolan      Note 1
                                                                                                                        2                            2
                         Tan Lixia Note 2                                                                               2                            2
                         Siu Wai Keung                                                                                  5                            5
                         Ben Shenglin                                                                                   5                            5
                         Edwin Roca Lim     Note 3
                                                                                                                        3                            3
                         Cha Mou Daid Johnson Note 4                                                                    3                            3


                         Notes:

                         (1)      Mr. Peter Hugh Nolan has served as the independent non-executive Director of the Company, the chairman of the
                                  Remuneration Committee of the Board, and a member of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board
                                  since March 1, 2020.

                         (2)      Ms. Tan Lixia has served the non-executive Director of the Company, a member of the Strategy Committee and a member of
                                  the Remuneration Committee of the Board since February 28, 2020

                         (3)      Mr. Edwin Roca Lim ceased to serve as the independent non-executive Director of the Company and the Chairman of the
                                  Remuneration Committee since February 28, 2020.

                         (4)      Mr. Cha Mou Daid Johnson ceased to serve as the non-executive Director of the Company and the member of the
                                  Remuneration Committee since February 28, 2020.
                                                                China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report     159




(iii) Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee
    1.   Functions of the Committee
         The primary duties of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee include, but are not limited to, the
         following: (i) deliberating on selection and appointment standards and procedures of Directors and members of senior
         management and giving opinions, searching for qualified candidates of Directors and members of senior management
         and reviewing the qualification criteria of the candidates for Directors and members of senior management and
         making recommendations; (ii) developing policies and practices in relation to corporate governance, and promoting
         the formulation and enhancement of the corporate governance standards; (iii) conducting appraisal of corporate
         governance structure and governance standards and making recommendations; (iv) reviewing and monitoring the
         training and continuous professional development of directors and senior management; (v) reviewing and monitoring
         the Company’s policies and practices with regard to compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; (vi)
         developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees
         and directors; (vii) reviewing the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code of Appendix 14 to
         the Listing Rules and information disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report; and (viii) performing other duties
         stipulated in laws, regulations and the Listing Rules and authorized by the Board. For details, please refer to the Terms
         of Reference of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee under the Board of Directors of CICC available
         on the websites of our Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


         With respect to nomination for new Directors and re-election of Directors, our Company follows a considered and
         transparent nomination policy. Under the nomination policy for Directors, the Nomination and Corporate Governance
         Committee shall nominate suitable candidates to the Board for consideration and make recommendations to the
         Shareholders regarding election and re-election of Directors. The nomination of Directors shall be made in accordance
         with the nomination policy for Directors and all appointments of Directors will be merit-based with due regard for the
         objective criteria (including gender, age, cultural and educational background, relevant or professional experience,
         ethnicity, skills, knowledge, etc.) as set out under the Board of Directors Diversity Policy. The ultimate decision will be
         made based on meritocracy and contribution that the selected candidates can bring to the Company and the Board.


         The factors used as reference by the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee in assessing the suitability of
         a proposed candidate include, but are not limited to, integrity and character; accomplishment and experience in the
         financial services industry; professional qualifications, skills and knowledge that are relevant to our Company’s business
         and corporate strategy; commitment in respect of available time; diversity; independent criteria as required under the
         Listing Rules for candidates for independent non-executive Directors, etc. These factors are not meant to be exhaustive
         and decisive. The Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee has the discretion to nominate any person, as it
         considers appropriate.


         In short, proposed candidates will be asked to submit the necessary personal information, together with their written
         consent to be appointed as a Director and to the public disclosure of their personal data on any documents or
         the relevant websites for the purpose of their standing for election as a Director. The Nomination and Corporate
         Governance Committee will review such information of the potential candidates and may request candidates to
         provide additional information and documents if it considers necessary. A meeting of Nomination and Corporate
         Governance Committee will be called for the members to discuss the credentials of the proposed candidates and
         assess their qualifications based on the factors set out above. The Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee
         may also invite nominations of suitable candidates (if any) from the Board members for consideration by the
         Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee prior to its meeting. For filling a casual vacancy, the Nomination
         and Corporate Governance Committee shall make recommendations for the Board’s consideration and approval.
         For proposing candidates to stand for election and re-election at a general meeting, the Nomination and Corporate
         Governance Committee shall make nominations to the Board for its consideration and recommendation.
160   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Corporate Governance Report




                  2.     Work summaries and Meetings of the Committee
                         In 2020, the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee has convened 2 meetings. Details of the meetings of
                         the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee are set out below:


                         On March 26, 2020, the 2020 first meeting of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board was
                         convened, at which the following proposals were considered and approved: the Proposal regarding the Appointment
                         of Wang Sheng as the Member of the Management Committee; the Proposal regarding the Appointment of Xu
                         Yicheng as the Assistant President; the Proposal regarding the Change of the Secretary to the Board of Directors and
                         Joint Company Secretary; and the Proposal regarding the Amendments to the Terms of Reference of the Nomination
                         and Corporate Governance Committee.


                         On October 29, 2020, the 2020 second meeting of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee of the
                         Board was convened, at which the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee heard the Report on the
                         Composition of the Board of Directors and the Diversity of Board Members.


                  3.     attendance of Members of the Committee
                                                                                             Required attendance at         Actual attendance at
                         Name                                                                               meetings                     meetings
                         Liu Li                                                                                       2                           2
                         Shen Rujun                                                                                   2                           2
                         Huang Hao      Note 1
                                                                                                                      2                           2
                         Ben Shenglin                                                                                 2                           2
                         Peter Hugh Nolan                                                                             2                           2


                         Note :

                         (1)      Mr. Huang Hao has resigned from the office of the non-executive Director of the Company, the member of the Strategy
                                  Committee of the Board, the member of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee and the member of the Audit
                                  Committee, with effect from December 8, 2020.

            (iv) audit Committee
                  1.     Functions of the Committee
                         The primary duties of the Audit Committee include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) supervising annual
                         audit work, making judgment on the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of audited financial information and
                         submitting the same to our Board for consideration; (ii) proposing engagement or replacement of external audit firm
                         and supervising the practice of external audit firm; (iii) being responsible for communication between internal and
                         external auditors; and (iv) performing other duties stipulated in laws, regulations and the Listing Rules and authorized
                         by the Board. For details, please refer to the Terms of Reference of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of
                         the Company available on the websites of our Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
                                                          China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   161




2.   Work summaries and Meetings of the Committee
     In 2020, the Audit Committee has convened 4 meetings. Details of the meetings of the Audit Committee are set out
     below:


     On March 26, 2020, the 2020 first meeting of the Audit Committee of the Board was convened, at which the following
     proposals were considered and approved: the Proposal regarding the 2019 Annual Report and the 2019 Annual Results
     Announcement; the Proposal regarding the 2019 Audit Report; the Proposal regarding the Financial and Accounting
     Documents related to the Application for the Initial Public Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares); the
     Proposal regarding Re-appointment of the Accounting Firms; the Proposal regarding Amendments to the Terms of
     Reference of the Audit Committee; the Proposal regarding the 2019 Internal Control Assessment Report; the Proposal
     regarding the 2019 Report on the Effectiveness Evaluation of the Internal Control, Comprehensive Risk Management
     and Compliance Management; the Proposal regarding the 2019 Work Report of the Internal Audit Department; and
     the Proposal regarding the Internal Audit Charter. The Audit Committee also heard the Work Report from January to
     February 2020 of the Internal Audit Department.


     On May 15, 2020, the 2020 second meeting of the Audit Committee of the Board was convened, at which the
     following proposals were considered and approved: the Proposal regarding the Results Announcement for the Three
     Months Ended March 31, 2020; and the Proposal regarding the Review Schedule for 2020 Interim Financial Statements.
     The Audit Committee also heard the Work Report from March to April 2020 of the Internal Audit Department.


     On August 14, 2020, the 2020 third meeting of the Audit Committee of the Board was convened, at which the
     following proposals were considered and approved: the Proposal regarding the 2020 Interim Reports and 2020
     Interim Results Announcement; the Proposal regarding the 2020 Semi-Annual Internal Control Assessment Report;
     the Proposal regarding the Supplementing Financial and Accounting Documents related to the Application for
     Initial Public Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares); and the Proposal regarding the 2019 Anti Money
     Laundering Audit Report. The Audit Committee also heard the Work Report from May to July 2020 of the Internal Audit
     Department.


     On October 27, 2020, the 2020 fourth meeting of the Audit Committee of the Board was convened, at which the
     following proposals were considered and approved: the Proposal regarding the 2020 Third Quarterly Reports;
     the Proposal regarding the 2020 Audit Plan; and the Proposal regarding the 2021 Work Plan of the Internal Audit
     Department. The Audit Committee also heard the Progress of Reviewing the Effectiveness of the 2020 Internal Control,
     Comprehensive Risk Management, Compliance Management and Information Technology Management, and the
     Work Report from August to September 2020 of the Internal Audit Department.
162   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Corporate Governance Report




                  3.     attendance of Members of the Committee
                                                                                               Required attendance at          Actual attendance at
                         Name                                                                                  meetings                     meetings
                         Siu Wai Keung                                                                                  4                             4
                         Huang Hao Note1                                                                                4                             4
                         Xiong Lianhua Note 2                                                                           4                             4
                         Liu Li                                                                                         4                             4
                         Ben Shenglin                                                                                   4                             4


                         Notes:

                         (1)      Mr. Huang Hao has resigned from the office of the non-executive Director of the Company, the member of the Strategy
                                  Committee of the Board, the member of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee and the member of the Audit
                                  Committee, with effect from December 8, 2020.

                         (2)      Ms. Xiong Lianhua has resigned from the office of the non-executive Director of the Company, the member of the Strategy
                                  Committee, the member of the Risk Management Committee and the member of the Audit Committee of the Board, with
                                  effect from January 14, 2021.

            (v) Risk Management Committee
                  1.     Functions of the Committee
                         The primary duties of the Risk Management Committee include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) considering
                         and making recommendations on the overall goals and policies for compliance management and risk management;
                         (ii) considering and making recommendations on the establishment and duties of compliance management and risk
                         management organizations; (iii) evaluating and making recommendations on the risks of important decisions and
                         solutions for significant risks requiring consideration of the Board; (iv) reviewing and making recommendations on
                         compliance reports and risk assessment reports requiring consideration of the Board; and (v) performing other duties
                         stipulated in laws, regulations and the Listing Rules and authorized by the Board. For details, please refer to the Terms
                         of Reference of the Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors of CICC available on the websites of our
                         Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
                                                               China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report       163




2.   Work summaries and Meetings of the Committee
     In 2020, the Risk Management Committee has convened 4 meetings. Details of the meetings of the Risk Management
     Committee are set out below:


     On March 26, 2020, the 2020 first meeting of the Risk Management Committee of the Board was convened, at
     which the following proposals were considered and approved: the Proposal regarding the 2019 Annual Compliance
     Report; the Proposal regarding the 2019 Risk Assessment Report; the Proposal regarding the Amendment to the Risk
     Appetite Statement; and the Proposal regarding the Amendments to the Terms of Reference of the Risk Management
     Committee.


     On May 15, 2020, the 2020 second meeting of the Risk Management Committee of the Board was convened, at which
     the following proposals were considered and approved: the Proposal regarding the 2020 First Quarter Compliance
     Management Report; and the Proposal regarding the 2020 First Quarter Risk Assessment Report.


     On August 14, 2020, the 2020 third meeting of the Risk Management Committee of the Board was convened, at
     which the following proposals were considered and approved: the Proposal regarding the 2020 Interim Compliance
     Management Report; the Proposal regarding the 2020 Interim Risk Assessment Report; and the Proposal regarding the
     Amendment to the Risk Appetite Statement.


     On October 27, 2020, the 2020 fourth meeting of the Risk Management Committee of the Board was convened,
     at which the following proposals were considered and approved: the Proposal regarding the 2020 Third Quarter
     Compliance Management Report; the Proposal regarding the 2020 Third Quarter Risk Assessment Report; and the
     Proposal regarding Amendments to the Risk Management Policy.


3.   attendance of Members of the Committee
                                                                           Required attendance at          Actual attendance at
     Name                                                                                  meetings                     meetings
     Ben Shenglin                                                                                   4                             4
     Huang Zhaohui                                                                                  4                             4
     Xiong Lianhua     Note 1
                                                                                                    4                             4
     Duan Wenwu                                                                                     4                             4
     Liu Li                                                                                         4                             4
     Siu Wai Keung                                                                                  4                             4


     Note::

     (1)      Ms. Xiong Lianhua has resigned from the office of the non-executive Director of the Company, the member of the Strategy
              Committee, the member of the Risk Management Committee and the member of the Audit Committee of the Board, with
              effect from January 14, 2021.
164   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Corporate Governance Report




            (vi) Related-Party transaction Control Committee
                  1.     Functions of the Committee
                         The primary duties of the Related-Party Transaction Control Committee include, but are not limited to, the following:
                         (i) to design and revise the Policy on Management of Related Party Transactions of the Company, and to supervise
                         its implementation; (ii) to obtain the list of related (connected) persons of the Company and report to the Board
                         of Directors and the Supervisory Committee; (iii) to review related (connected) transactions to be approved by the
                         Company’s Board of Directors or shareholders’ general meeting, form written opinions, submit them to the Board of
                         Directors for consideration, and report to the Supervisory Committee; and (iv) to perform other duties stipulated in
                         the relevant laws, regulations and provisions of the securities regulators and stock exchanges in the places where the
                         Company’s shares are listed and as authorized by the Board of Directors.


                  2.     Work summaries and Meetings of the Committee
                         The Related-Party Transaction Control Committee was established from the date of the A Share Offering and Listing
                         (November 2, 2020). During the Reporting Period, the Related-Party Transaction Control Committee did not convene
                         any meeting.

      V. CHaIRMaN aNd CHIeF eXeCutIVe OFFICeR
            During the Reporting Period, Mr. Shen Rujun and Mr. Huang Zhaohui serve as the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive
            Officer of the Company, respectively, and their powers and duties are clearly divided and specified in the Articles of Association.
            The Chairman of the Board is also the legal representative of the Company. The roles of the Chairman of the Board and the
            Chief Executive Officer are separate and are taken by different persons. A clear division of the management of the Board and the
            day-to-day management of the Company ensures a balance of power and authority, guarantees the independence of their duties
            and avoids excessive concentration of power in any individual.

            The Chairman is responsible for overseeing the overall operations of the Group and formulating business and corporate
            development strategies, providing leadership for the Board, ensuring that the Board works effectively and performs its duties. The
            Chairman also ensures that good corporate governance practices and procedures are established and complied with and that the
            Board acts in the best interests of the Company and all Shareholders.

            The Chief Executive Officer is in charge of the operation and management of the Group, organizing the implementation of the
            resolutions of the Board and reporting to the Board.

            For the details in the change of Directors, please refer to “Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees – III. Changes
            in Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” in this report.
                                                                    China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   165




VI. suPeRVIsORy COMMIttee aNd PeRFORMaNCe OF dutIes
   (i)   Powers and duties of the supervisory Committee
         The Supervisory Committee is the supervisory body of our Company and is accountable to the shareholders’ general
         meeting. The powers and duties of the Supervisory Committee include but are not limited to: reviewing financial reports and
         profits distribution plans to be submitted by the Board at the shareholders’ general meeting; examining the financial affairs
         of our Company; supervising the performance of duties by the Directors and senior management; and other duties and
         powers prescribed by relevant regulations and the Articles of Association or authorized by shareholders’ general meetings.
         The Supervisory Committee is also entitled to engage professional institutions such as accounting firms and law firms to
         assist its work when necessary.

         The Supervisory Committee strictly complied with the relevant laws and regulations and the Articles of Association, lawfully
         and diligently performed its duties, observed the relevant procedures, attended all on-site Board meetings, shareholders’
         general meetings and most of the regular meetings of the management and on-site meetings of the special committees of
         the Board of the Company held during the Reporting Period.

   (ii) Composition of the supervisory Committee
         Our Company strictly complied with the Articles of Association and relevant rules in respect of the appointment of the
         Supervisors. The meetings of the Supervisory Committee shall be held in accordance with the Articles of Association and the
         Rules of Procedures of the Supervisory Committee of CICC. As at the end of the Reporting Period, our Company’s Supervisory
         Committee comprised three Supervisors, including one employee representative Supervisor (Mr. Gao Tao) and two non-
         employee representative Supervisors (Mr. Jin Lizuo and Mr. Cui Zheng). For the details in the changes of Supervisors, please
         refer to “Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees – III. Changes in Directors, Supervisors and Senior
         Management” in this report.

         Biographies of all the Supervisors are set out in “Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees – II. Biographies
         of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” in this report.

   (iii) Meetings of the supervisory Committee
         During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee convened 6 formal meetings, the details of which are as follows:

         On February 28, 2020, the first meeting of the second session of the Supervisory Committee was convened, at which the
         following proposals were considered and approved: the Proposal regarding the Election of Chairman of the Supervisory
         Committee; the Proposal regarding the Plan for the Initial Public Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares); the
         Proposal regarding Authorization to the Board of Directors and its Authorized Persons to Deal with Matters in connection
         with the Initial Public Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares); the Proposal regarding the Use of Proceeds
         from the Initial Public Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares); the Proposal regarding the Amendments to
         the Articles of Association; the Proposal regarding the Undertakings on the Information Disclosure in the Prospectus in
         connection with the Initial Public Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares); the Proposal regarding the Plan
         for Shareholders’ Return within Three Years Following the Initial Public Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A
         Shares); the Proposal regarding the Report on the Use of Previously Raised Proceeds; the Proposal regarding the Supervisors’
         Remuneration Package; and the Proposal regarding the Amendments to the Rules of Procedures of the Meeting of
         Supervisory Committee.
166   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Corporate Governance Report



                  On March 30, 2020, the second meeting of the second session of the Supervisory Committee was convened, at which
                  the following proposals were considered and approved: the Proposal regarding the 2019 Work Report of the Supervisory
                  Committee; the Proposal regarding the 2019 Annual Report and the 2019 Annual Results Announcement; the Proposal
                  regarding the 2019 Profit Distribution Plan; the Proposal regarding the 2019 Annual Compliance Report; the Proposal
                  regarding the 2019 Internal Control Assessment Report; the Proposal regarding the 2019 Risk Assessment Report; the
                  Proposal regarding the Prospectus for the Initial Public Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares); the Proposal
                  regarding the Financial and Accounting Documents related to the Application for Initial Public Offering and Listing of RMB
                  Ordinary Shares (A Shares).

                  On July 20, 2020, the third meeting of the second session of the Supervisory Committee was convened, at which the
                  following proposals were considered and approved: the Proposal regarding the Amendment to the Plan for the Initial Public
                  Offering and Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares); and the Proposal regarding the Amendment to Authorization to the
                  Board of Directors and its Authorized Persons to Deal with Matters in connection with the Initial Public Offering and Listing
                  of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares).

                  On August 15, 2020, the fourth meeting of the second session of the Supervisory Committee was convened, at which the
                  following proposal was considered and approved: the Proposal regarding Cancellation of the Amendments to the Plan and
                  Authorization for the A Share Offering.

                  On August 17, 2020, the fifth meeting of the second session of the Supervisory Committee was convened, at which the
                  following proposals were considered and approved: the Proposal regarding the 2020 Interim Reports and the 2020 Interim
                  Results Announcement; the Proposal regarding the 2020 Semi-Annual Internal Control Assessment Report; and the Proposal
                  regarding Supplementing Financial and Accounting Documents related to the Application for Initial Public Offering and
                  Listing of RMB Ordinary Shares (A Shares). The Supervisory Committee also heard the 2020 Interim Compliance Management
                  Report and the 2020 Interim Risk Assessment Report.

                  On October 29, 2020, the sixth meeting of the second session of the Supervisory Committee was convened, at which the
                  Supervisory Committee considered and approved the Proposal regarding the 2020 Third Quarterly Reports; and heard the
                  2020 Third Quarterly Compliance Management Report and the 2020 Third Quarterly Risk Assessment Report.
                                                                     China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   167




   (iv) attendance of supervisors at the Meetings of the supervisory Committee
         During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee convened 6 meetings, the Supervisors’ attendance of which is as
         follows:


                                                                                Required attendance at         Actual attendance at
         Name of Supervisor                                                                    meetings                    meetings
         Gao Tao                                                                                        6                           6
         Jin Lizuo                                                                                      6                           6
         Cui Zheng                                                                                      6                           6


VII. OtHeR ReLeVaNt MatteRs
   (i)   Rights of shareholders
         Our Company convenes and holds shareholders’ general meetings according to the Articles of Association and the Rules of
         Procedures of the Shareholders’ General Meeting of CICC to guarantee all Shareholders enjoy equal rights and can exercise
         their rights fully and transparently. The Directors, Supervisors and the senior management of the Company shall attend the
         shareholders’ general meeting and answer the questions raised by the Shareholders.


   (ii) Compliance with the Model Code for securities transactions
         Our Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding Directors’ securities transactions on terms no less exacting than
         the required standard set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions. Our Company has made specific enquiries to all
         Directors and Supervisors concerning their compliance with the Model Code. All Directors and Supervisors confirmed that
         they had strictly observed all standards set out in our Company’s code of conduct regarding Directors’ securities transactions
         during the Reporting Period.


   (iii) Responsibilities of directors for the Financial statements
         The following responsibility statement of Directors regarding the financial statements shall be read in conjunction with
         the responsibility statement of the independent auditor included in the independent auditor’s report. Each responsibility
         statement shall be interpreted separately.


         All Directors acknowledge and confirm their responsibilities of preparing the financial statements which truly reflect the
         business and operating results of our Company for each financial year. To the best knowledge of all Directors, there are no
         events or situations which may cause any material adverse impact on the ongoing operations of our Company.
168   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Corporate Governance Report




            (iv) appointment and Remuneration of auditing Firm
                  The shareholders of the Company have approved at the 2018 annual general meeting the non-renewal of the appointment
                  of KPMG Huazhen LLP and KPMG (together “KPMG”) as the domestic accounting firm and international accounting firm of
                  the Company respectively, and the appointment of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte
                  Touche Tohmatsu as the domestic accounting firm and international accounting firm respectively, for the year of 2019.


                  The Company has renewed the appointment of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as the domestic
                  accounting firm, and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the overseas accounting firm for 2020.


                  Change in the accounting firm appointed during the Reporting Period: No.


                  Remuneration for accounting firms: Our Company has agreed on the payment of RMB7.829 million to Deloitte Touche
                  Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as fees for the auditing of the statutory financial
                  statements, the reviewing of the interim financial statements and performing the agreed-upon procedures over quarterly
                  financial statements for 2020. In 2020, our Company has paid RMB2.866 million to Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public
                  Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, for related non-audit service fees arising from the tax compliance, debt
                  securities issuance, etc.


            (v) Review by audit Committee
                  The Audit Committee has reviewed the 2020 consolidated financial statements of our Company.


            (vi) Joint Company secretaries
                  As approved by the Board of Directors, Mr. Sun Nan has started to serve as the Secretary to the Board of Directors and a Joint
                  Company Secretary of the Company with effect from May 8, 2020, and Mr. Xu Yicheng has ceased to hold these positions
                  since then.


                  Mr. Sun Nan, the Secretary to the Board and the Joint Company Secretary of our Company, is responsible for making
                  recommendations and proposals to the Board on issues related to corporate governance, and ensuring that Board policies
                  and procedures as well as applicable laws, rules and regulations are strictly followed. In order to maintain sound corporate
                  governance and to ensure compliance with the Listing Rules and applicable Hong Kong laws, Mr. Zhou Jiaxing, a managing
                  director of the legal and compliance department of our Company, has previously been appointed, and will continue to be
                  the other Joint Company Secretary, to assist Mr. Sun Nan in discharging the duties of a company secretary.


                  Both Mr. Sun Nan and Mr. Zhou Jiaxing have confirmed that they received not less than 15 hours of relevant professional
                  training during the year ended December 31, 2020.
                                                                  China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   169




(vii) Communication with shareholders
    The shareholders’ general meeting is the body exercising the authority of our Company and shall exercise the duties and
    powers in accordance with the law, the Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedures of the shareholders’ general
    meeting of the Company. The rights of the Shareholders are clearly specified in the Articles of Association. Our Company
    convened the shareholders’ general meetings in strict compliance with the relevant rules and procedures such that all
    Shareholders are treated equally and can exercise their rights fully.


    The shareholders’ general meeting provides opportunities of constructive communications between our Company and our
    Shareholders. Shareholders are encouraged to attend the shareholders’ general meetings in person, or if they fail to attend
    such meetings, they can appoint proxies to attend and vote at the meetings for and on their behalves. Our Company highly
    values the opinions, suggestions and concerns of the Shareholders and has assigned dedicated persons to proactively carry
    out various types of investor relation activities to keep in contact with the Shareholders and timely meet their reasonable
    demands.


    Our Company’s website (www.cicc.com) provides the Shareholders with Group information, such as major business activities
    and the latest developments of the Group, the Group’s corporate governance, the structure and functions of the Board and
    each of the committees of our Company. To serve as a channel promoting effective communication with the Shareholders,
    our Company also publishes announcements, circulars, notices of the shareholders’ general meeting, financial data and
    other information of our Company required to be disclosed under the Listing Rules from time to time through the “Investor
    Relations” section on our Company’s website. Shareholders are encouraged to make enquiries by phone or email or write
    directly to the office address of our Company, which will be dealt with appropriately in a timely manner. Please refer to
    “Company Profile – I. Company Overview” of this report for the contact details.


    Our Company welcomes all Shareholders to attend shareholders’ general meetings and makes appropriate arrangement
    for the shareholders’ general meetings to encourage Shareholders’ participation. Our Company’s Directors, Supervisors and
    senior management will attend the shareholders’ general meetings, and shall also ensure that the external auditors will
    attend annual general meetings to answer the relevant questions raised by the Shareholders.


    The Shareholders may propose to convene an extraordinary general meeting or shareholders’ class meeting or put forward
    proposals pursuant to the Articles of Association. The Shareholders may attend and vote at the shareholders’ general
    meetings in person or by proxy. The resolutions and the attendance records signed by the attending Shareholders and
    instruments of proxy shall be kept at our Company’s principal address. The Shareholders may inspect the copy of the
    resolutions of the meetings during our Company’s business hours free of charge. The Articles of Association is set out on the
    websites of our Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


    Our Company shall arrange the Directors, Supervisors and senior management to answer the questions raised by the
    Shareholders during the 2020 annual general meeting. Detailed procedures of voting and resolutions to be voted by way of
    poll will be contained in the circular to be dispatched to the Shareholders.
170   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Corporate Governance Report




            (viii) Investor Relations
                  Our Company emphasizes on the importance of protecting the interests of investors and endeavors to provide
                  comprehensive and effective investor relations services. Our Company has actively performed the duties of a listed company.
                  We have established an investor relations service and management system, formed an investor relations service team led
                  by the Secretary to the Board of Directors, set up a hotline and mail box for investor relations services and set up an investor
                  relations sector on the official website of our Company, to ensure the true, effective and timely communication of corporate
                  information to investors, endeavoring to safeguard the interests of Shareholders and ensure their rights to information.


                  In 2020, our Company actively received visits from domestic and overseas institutional investors and analysts, organized
                  various forms of investor and analyst exchanges, communicated with investors and analysts for more than 304 person times,
                  and participated in more than 141 times of the group/one-to-one telephone/video conference with investors and analysts,
                  effectively enhancing the investor’s understanding of our Group’s strategic layout and growth prospects.


                  On February 28, 2020, the 2020 First Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company was held; on April 14, 2020, the 2020
                  Second Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company, the 2020 first domestic shareholders and H shareholders’ class
                  meeting were held; on May 15, 2020, the Annual General Meeting of the Company was held. The Company’s directors,
                  supervisors and management attended each of the general meeting and answered investors’ questions on the spot. Along
                  with the disclosure of annual results, we held the 2019 annual results presentation and the press conference through
                  webcast in Beijing and Hong Kong, attracting over 260 investors and research analysts, with more than 900 media reports
                  subsequent to the conference and over 40,000 views of our HTML5-Version Annual Report via the WeChat. After the annual
                  results presentation, the management conducted an online roadshow to have deeper communication with institutional
                  investors about the Company’s strategy and business performance. Along with the A-share IPO, the management conducted
                  roadshows in Beijing, Shanghai and Guangdong, laying the foundation for a successful issuance.


            (ix) Board of directors diversity Policy
                  The Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee has adopted a Board of Directors Diversity Policy concerning the
                  diversity of Board members pursuant to Rule 13.92 of the Listing Rules and Provision A.5.6 of the Corporate Governance
                  Code. Our Company sees increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in supporting the attainment of its
                  strategic objectives and sustainable development. In designing the composition of the Board, diversity of the Board members
                  has been considered from a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural, educational background,
                  professional experience and other factors. All appointments of the Board will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will
                  be considered against objective criteria with due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. Selection of candidates will
                  be based on a range of diversity perspectives, the ultimate decision will be made based on meritocracy and contribution that
                  the selected candidates can bring to the Board. The composition of the Board will be disclosed in the Corporate Governance
                  Report annually. For further details about the Board of Directors Diversity Policy, please refer to Appendix I to the Terms of
                  Reference of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors of our Company, which has
                  been published on the websites of our Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


                  The Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee annually reviews and monitors the implementation of the Board
                  of Directors Diversity Policy to ensure its effectiveness. The Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee heard and
                  discussed about the Report on the Composition of the Board and the Diversity of the Board Members of the Company on
                  October 29, 2020 and no revision was needed out of the diversity considerations.
                                                               China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   171




(x) amendments to the articles of association
    (1)   In accordance with the authorization approved by the 2020 First Extraordinary General Meeting held on February
          28, 2020, the Company has adjusted the current procedures for notice of shareholders’ general meetings and other
          contents under the Articles of Association and added relevant contents including equity administration of securities
          companies and duties of the Chief Information Officer to the Articles of Association. Such amendments have come
          into effect as of March 31, 2020.


    (2)   In accordance with the authorization approved by the 2019 Second Extraordinary General Meeting held on December
          30, 2019, the Company has updated the clauses concerning the business scope of subsidiaries in the Articles of
          Association and added a new article relating to establishing the organization of the Communist Party of China as
          Article 9 in the Articles of Association. Such amendments have come into effect as of May 22, 2020.


    (3)   The issuance of the Company’s A Shares was completed on October 30, 2020, and the A Shares of the Company were
          listed and commenced trading on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on November 2, 2020. To satisfy relevant needs for
          corporate governance and normative operations after A Share Offering and Listing of the Company, the Company has
          amended relevant clauses of the Articles of Association in accordance with the authorization approved by the 2020
          Second Extraordinary General Meeting held on April 14, 2020. Such amendments took effect on November 2, 2020, the
          date of A Share Offering and Listing.




(xi) Internal Control
    1.    establishment of the Internal Control system
          Our Company has been emphasizing on building a corporate internal control system since its establishment. Our
          Company’s corporate internal control system has been gradually taking shape and enhanced in compliance with the
          PRC requirements of the “Guidelines for Internal Control of Securities Companies” and the “Basic Norms of Internal
          Control for Enterprises”, and has taken the development of internal control throughout the operational development
          of our Company.


          As of the end of the Reporting Period, our Company has established an internal control system suitable for its business
          nature, scale and complexity, and has achieved results in ensuring the legality and compliance of operations, the
          safety of assets and the authenticity and completeness of financial reports and relevant information, and improving
          operational efficiency and effectiveness.
172   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Corporate Governance Report




                  2.     Major Characteristics of the Internal Control system
                         Our Company has established a reasonable, effective and balanced internal control system, with clear division of
                         work among the Board of Directors, the Supervisory Committee, the Management, functional departments, business
                         departments and their branches within the structure of the entire internal control system and their duties and
                         responsibilities are as follows:


                         •     The Board of Directors is responsible for the sound establishment and effective implementation of internal
                               control. The Board has established the Audit Committee which is responsible for reviewing the internal control
                               of our Company, supervising the effective implementation of internal control and conducting self-evaluation on
                               internal control, coordinating internal control audits and other relevant matters.


                         •     The Supervisory Committee supervises the establishment and implementation of internal control by the Board.


                         •     The management is responsible for organizing and steering the daily operation of the internal control of our
                               Company.


                         •     Each of the business departments and their branches formulates and implements its business policy, internal
                               process and control. Our Company requires all employees who participate in business operations to comply
                               with the policies and processes in the ordinary course of business. Each of the business departments conducts
                               self-evaluation and assessment on the specific internal control procedures and measures for its scope of
                               business, and is responsible for reporting deficiencies of the internal control procedures to the management of
                               our Company.


                         •     The Internal Audit Department is independent of the business departments of our Company and reports
                               directly to the Audit Committee of the Board. The Internal Audit Department department conducts reviews,
                               appraisals, makes reports and recommendations, independently and objectively, on the overall internal control
                               environment, the design and implementation of the internal control measures and risk assessment measures in
                               various business departments of our Company on a regular basis, in order to prevent risks, enhance the internal
                               control standards and utilize resources properly and effectively.


                         •     The functional departments participating in the internal control system include the Risk Management
                               Department, Legal and Compliance Department and other middle and back office departments, which
                               actively manage market risk, credit risk, operational risk, liquidity risk, compliance risk and legal risk faced by our
                               Company’s businesses and identify risks in the implementation of internal control and make recommendations
                               to improve internal control deficiencies.
                                                           China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report     173




3.   Procedures for evaluating the effectiveness of the Internal Monitoring system and Rectifying
     Material Internal Control deficiencies
     Our Company has established an Internal Audit Department which is independent of other departments in our
     Company and reports directly to the Audit Committee of the Board. The Internal Audit Department conducts
     reviews, appraisals, and provides reports and recommendations independently on risk management, design and
     implementation of internal control for various business lines. For issues discovered during internal audits, the Internal
     Audit Department will formulate improvement measures jointly with various departments and assist the Management
     in following up on the issues discovered in the audits and the rectification progress on a regular basis. As for the
     on-going connected transactions of the Company, the Company implements a complete series of internal control
     measures to ensure legal compliance, while the Internal Audit Department also conducts regular reviews of relevant
     internal control measures over the on-going connected transactions.


     During 2020, the Internal Audit Department has conducted internal audits on the design and implementation
     of internal control of the investment banking business, brokerage business, financial product sale business, FICC
     business, asset management business, wealth management business, margin financing and securities lending
     business, stock-based lending business, OTC derivative trading business, private equity investment funds business,
     custody business and fund services business of CICC, businesses of the US, UK and Singapore subsidiaries, and the
     brokerage business, credit business and financial product sale business of CICC Wealth Management Securities. It
     has also conducted resignation audit and off-post audits on employees of CICC and CICC Wealth Management in
     Mainland China according to relevant regulatory requirements. Meanwhile, the Internal Audit Department has also
     conducted audits on the application control and general control of relevant IT systems relating to the above Mainland
     China and overseas businesses. According to the relevant audit results of the Internal Audit Department, no material
     abnormalities or material deficiencies in the internal control system have been discovered.


     By reviewing the work and audit results of the Internal Audit Department on a regular basis, the Audit Committee
     appraises the effectiveness of risk management and internal control system on a regular basis on behalf of the Board.


4.   Procedures for Processing and Releasing Inside Information
     With approval from the Board and pursuant to the requirements of domestic and foreign laws and regulations,
     Listing Rules and Articles of Association as well as the practical conditions of our Company, the “Policy on Information
     Disclosure Management of China International Capital Corporation Limited” has been formulated by our Company
     to determine the division of duties and responsibilities on information disclosure, the procedures for processing and
     releasing inside information and other information required to be disclosed. Pursuant to this system, our Company
     must, as soon as any inside information comes to its knowledge or a false market may be established, disclose the
     information to the public to the reasonable and practicable extent.


     During the Reporting Period, our Company has truthfully, accurately, legally and timely disclosed information in strict
     compliance with the requirements of domestic and foreign laws and regulations, the Listing Rules, the Articles of
     Association and the Policy on Information Disclosure Management of our Company without any false statements,
     misleading statements or material omissions, to ensure that all investors receive the disclosed information fairly, timely
     and effectively.
174   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Corporate Governance Report




                  5.     appraisal of Internal Control
                         The Board and the management of our Company are jointly responsible for the establishment, the effective
                         implementation and improvement of a sound internal control system. The objectives of internal control of our
                         Company are: guaranteeing the legality of operations of our Company and the execution of internal regulatory system,
                         protecting against operational risk and moral risk, securing the safety and completeness of the assets of the clients and
                         our Company, ensuring the reliability, completeness and timeliness of business records, financial information and other
                         information of our Company and improving the operational efficiency and effectiveness of our Company.


                         As internal control has inherent restrictions, we can only reasonably guarantee that the above objectives may be
                         achieved. Furthermore, the effectiveness of internal control may also change according to our Company’s internal and
                         external environment and operating conditions. Our Company has set up an inspection and supervision mechanism
                         through which our Company can take measures to rectify deficiencies in internal control once identified.


                         The Board concluded that, pursuant to the requirements of relevant laws, regulations and regulatory rules of the
                         Guidelines for Internal Control for Securities Companies and with reference to the requirements of the Basic Norms
                         of Internal Control for Enterprises and the provisions of its ancillary guidelines, an appraisal on internal control of the
                         Group was conducted as at the reference date (as of December 31, 2020) of the “2020 Internal Control Assessment
                         Report of China International Capital Corporation Limited”, and the Group was not aware of any material defect in
                         internal control of the Group. The Board is of the view that the Group has established an effective internal control
                         system, which helps to achieve our objectives of internal control and is free of material defect and significant defect.


                         Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP performed audits on the effectiveness of internal control
                         over financial statements of the Company as at December 31, 2020 in accordance with the Guidelines on Internal
                         Control Audit for Enterprises and relevant requirements of the Practice Standards for Certified Public Accountants of
                         China. Based on the above understanding, testing and evaluation of internal control during the audit, Deloitte Touche
                         Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP believed that the Company has maintained effective internal control over
                         financial statements in all material aspects in accordance with the Basic Norms of Internal Control for Enterprises and
                         relevant requirements as at December 31, 2020.
                                                                  China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report      175




(xii) dividend Policy
    The Board of Directors of the Company is responsible for submitting proposals in respect of dividend payments, if any, to the
    shareholders’ general meeting for approval. The determination of whether to pay a dividend and in what amount is based
    on factors including the Company’s results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, capital adequacy ratio, dividends the
    Company receives from its subsidiaries, future business prospects, statutory and regulatory restrictions on the payment of
    dividends by the Company and other factors that the Board of Directors deems relevant.


    On April 14, 2020, the Company’s 2020 Second Extraordinary General Meeting considered and approved the Proposal
    regarding the Amendments to the Articles of Association. In order to meet the relevant requirements of corporate
    governance and standardized operation after the company's A Share offering and listing, the Company, in accordance with
    the Guidelines for Articles of Association of Listed Companies, the Guidelines No.3 on the Supervision and Administration
    of Listed Companies-Distribution of Cash Dividends of Listed Companies, and the Notice on Further Implementing
    Matters concerning Cash Dividends of Listed Companies and other relevant laws and regulations, amended the Articles of
    Association on profit distribution. After the amendment, Article 251 of the Articles of Association of the Company stipulates
    the specific policies for the Company's profit distribution as follows:


    “(I) Profit shall be distributed in the following manner: the Company may use cash, shares or a combination of cash and
    shares or other methods permitted by law or regulation to distribute profit; (II) Conditions for and proportions of cash
    dividends distribution: if the Company has no events such as major investment plans or significant cash expenditures, and
    the Company’s risk control indicators can meet regulatory requirements and the normal operating capital requirements of
    the Company can be satisfied after the distribution of cash dividends, within any three (3) consecutive years, the cumulative
    profit distributed by the Company in cash shall not be less than 30% of the annual average distributable profit realized in
    such three (3) years; (III) Interval of profit distribution: in principle, the Company makes a profit distribution once a year, and
    the Board of Directors can propose the Company to carry out the interim profit distribution according to the profit situation
    and the situation of capital requirements and related conditions; (IV) Conditions for issuing share dividends: when the
    Company is operating well and the Board of Directors believes that the Company’s share price does not match the size of
    the Company’s share capital and that the issuance of share dividends is in the interest of the shareholders of the Company as
    a whole, and comprehensively taking into account the Company’s growth, dilution of net assets per share and other factors,
    it can propose share dividends distribution plan under the conditions of meeting the aforesaid cash dividends distribution.”
Environmental,
Social and
Governance Report
178   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report




      Environmental, Social and
      Governance Report

      1.    aBOut tHIs seCtION                                                                      HKEx recommends that issuers disclose information
                                                                                                    on sustainability topics which are “material” to
            a)     Reporting standard and scope
                                                                                                    the company’s operations. Materiality is defined
                   This Environmental, Social and Governance                                        by HKEx as “the threshold at which ESG issues
                   (“ESG”) Section is prepared in accordance with the                               become sufficiently important to investors and
                   requirements of the ESG Reporting Guide, Appendix                                other stakeholders that they should be reported”. To
                   27 (2015) to the Rules Governing the Listing of                                  identify material sustainability issues for disclosure,
                   Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong                                    the Group undertook a three-step materiality
                   Limited issued by the Hong Kong Exchanges and                                    assessment.
                   Clearing Limited (“HKEx”).
                                                                                                    step 1: Identification
                   This section offers an overview of the Group’s
                                                                                                    A comprehensive peer benchmarking was
                   policies, sustainability initiatives and performance
                                                                                                    conducted. The independent consultant reviewed
                   highlights for the period from 1 January to 31
                                                                                                    the ESG disclosures of local and international peer
                   December 2020 (the “reporting year”). The scope of
                                                                                                    companies to identify the material issues faced by
                   this ESG Section covers the Group’s operations in
                                                                                                    the industry.
                   Mainland China, Hong Kong SAR, Singapore, UK, US,
                   Germany and Japan.
                                                                                                    CICC and CICC Wealth Management’s employees
                                                                                                    were invited to complete an online survey to rank
                   Information relating to corporate governance
                                                                                                    the importance of ESG issues faced by the Group.
                   and financial metrics can be found in the relevant
                   sections of this annual report. To aid readers in
                                                                                                    step 2: Prioritisation
                   navigating the related content, a detailed HKEx ESG
                   content index is included at the end of this section.                            Results from step 1 were consolidated to identify a
                                                                                                    prioritised list of potential material ESG issues.
            b)     Materiality assessment
                                                                                                    step 3: Validation
                   In preparation for this ESG section, we completed
                   a stakeholder engagement exercise with the aim                                   The findings from steps 1 and 2 were consolidated
                   of understanding stakeholder views on the Group’s                                into a list of prospective material issues. The Group’s
                   sustainability initiatives, performance and future                               management confirmed a finalised list of material
                   strategies. This year, the Group distributed an online                           issues with consideration of relevance in relation to
                   survey to all CICC and CICC Wealth Management                                    business operations. A total of 18 Key Performance
                   staff members to gather their views and suggestions                              Indicators (“KPIs”)1 were confirmed for disclosure.
                   on various sustainability issues. Employees were also                            Please refer to the HKEX ESG Guide Content Index
                   asked to rank the importance of ESG topics as well as                            for the confirmed 18 KPIs.
                   express their views and expectations on the Group’s
                   sustainability performance.




      1
            Appendix 27 “Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide” of the Listing Rules issued by the HKEx is organised into two ESG subject
            areas – Environmental and Social. There are various Aspects under the two subject areas and each Aspect sets out key performance indicators (“KPIs”)
            for listed companies to disclose so as to demonstrate their performance.
                                                                              China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report      179




2.   GOVeRNaNCe stRuCtuRe FOR                                                             Under our “Procurement Policy”, our employees
     sustaINaBILIty                                                                       are required to follow guidance related to product
                                                                                          and service provider selections, price comparisons,
     a)   anti-corruption and anti-money                                                  and contract signings. The policy also provides
          laundering                                                                      the reporting mechanism for fraudulent behavior
                                                                                          and establishes a complete and fully monitored
          The Group attaches great importance to integrity
                                                                                          procurement system to prevent corruption and
          and incorruptible management. In accordance with                                other non-compliance issues that may arise during
          the Regulation on the Integrity Practice of Securities                          the procurement process.
          and Futures Institutions and Their Employees,
          the Implementation Rules for Integrity Practice                                 The Company actively fulfills the responsibilities of
          of Securities Institution and Their Employees and                               anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing of
          other laws, regulations and self-regulatory rules, the                          financial institutions, and strictly abides by the “Anti-
          Group has formulated the Policy on Integrity Practice                           Money Laundering Law of the People’s Republic of
                                                                                          China” and “Administrative Guidelines for Money
          Management of Employees of China International
                                                                                          Laundering and Terrorist Financing Risks of Legal
          Capital Corporation Limited , which clarifies the
                                                                                          Person Financial Institutions (Trial)” (YinFanXiFa
          internal control mechanism, organizational structure                            [2018] No. 19) and relevant laws, regulations and
          and overall requirements of the incorruptible                                   regulatory requirements, continue to perform
          employment management, and makes specific                                       various anti-money laundering obligations, follow
          regulations on the integrity of the Group’s                                     the principle of “know your customer” to carry out
          employees.                                                                      customer identification, categorization and dynamic
                                                                                          management of money laundering risks, suspicious
          The Group upholds high standards of ethical                                     transaction monitoring and other related work.
          behaviour in conducting business. Our Employee                                  Our “Anti-Money Laundering Policy” clearly defines
          C o d e o f C o n d u c t (“ C o d e ”) s t i p u l a t e s t h e               money laundering behavior, clarifies the anti-money
          requirements for our employees to conduct their                                 laundering responsibilities of our employees, and
          duties in a moral, honest and fair manner. Our Code                             makes provisions on the basic working rules of four
          prohibits employees from engaging in corruption,                                aspects including: client identity identification, data
          bribery, money laundering, and deceitful or                                     custody, large amount and suspicious transaction
          fraudulent behaviour. Whistle-blowing channels are                              reports, and cash and third-party deposits and
          also provided for our employees at all levels to report                         withdrawals. We empower our Compliance
          violations or suspected violations and raise concerns                           Department to revise and interpret our Anti-Money
          of any improper behaviours.                                                     Laundering Policy in order to maintain consistency
                                                                                          with international and domestic regulatory trends.
                                                                                          Our counter-terrorist financing policies provide
          Moreover, our “Anti-commercial Bribery Policy”,
                                                                                          guidance to employees on the identification of high-
          “Procurement Policy”, “Anti-Money Laundering
                                                                                          risk transactions and specify follow up procedures
          Policy” and counter-terrorist financing policies
                                                                                          including client on-boarding and data management.
          are in place to further minimize the risk of the
                                                                                          The policies also specify the duties and
          aforementioned fraudulent behavior and other
                                                                                          accountabilities of senior management and front-
          unethical conduct.
                                                                                          office staff to minimise the risk of the Group being
                                                                                          used as a platform for financing terrorist activities.
          In our “Anti-Commercial Bribery Policy”, we
          set out our commitment in eliminating bribe-
          offering, bribery-taking, and duty encroachment or
          corruption. Additionally, the policy also stipulates
          procedures on ex-ante approval, whistle-blowing,
          corporate investigation and accountability
          mechanisms for excessive gifts and entertainment.
180   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Environmental, Social and
      Governance Report


                  In 2020, based on the Company’s actual situation,                    CICC Wealth Management’s “Brokerage Business
                  the Legal and Compliance Department took the lead                    Practices” describes the process for account
                  in formulating the “Money Laundering and Terrorist                   information transfers, filings and access. The
                  Financing Risk Emergency Management Measures                         account information is saved at a dedicated
                  of CICC” and the “Non-brokerage Business Anti-                       location, managed by qualified professionals,
                  Money Laundering Measures of CICC”, and amended                      and only authorised personnel have the right to
                  a total of 17 anti-money laundering policies of the                  access this information. Furthermore, CICC Wealth
                  Company, including the “Anti-Money Laundering                        Management’s “Measures for the Administration of
                  M a n a g e m e n t P r o c e d u r e s ”, t h e “ C u s t o m e r   Access Permission to Centralised Over-the-counter
                  Identification Management Measures”, the “Money                      Trading System” stipulates the principles of access
                  Laundering and Terrorist Financing Risk Assessment                   permissions, the scope of personnel to which such
                  and Customer Classification Management Measures”,                    permission can be granted, and the application,
                  and the “Large Transaction and Suspicious                            granting, and approval of access permissions. Bulk
                  Transaction Reporting Management Measures”, to                       downloading of customer information is managed
                  further improve the Company’s money laundering                       by our data minimisation principles. In cases where
                  risk management system, refine work requirements                     our employees need to download customer
                  and work procedures. Besides, we coordinated                         information for preparing reports, they are required
                  several branches on the revision and update of 7                     to apply for such rights and permissions. The heads
                  branch level policies including the “Management                      of the branch office and headquarters shall approve
                  Measures for Large-Value and Suspicious Transaction                  and authorise designated personnel to oversee
                  Reporting” and the “Customer Identification                          this process. In addition, we require regulatory
                  Management Measures”.                                                authorities, public security organs and other
                                                                                       authorities to hold legal instruments and complete
            b)    Product Responsibility and Consumer                                  registration before copying customer information.
                  data Protection
                                                                                       During the Reporting Period, there were no reported
                  We have a series of guidelines and procedures in
                                                                                       cases of non-compliance with relevant laws and
                  place to protect confidential customer data. Our
                                                                                       regulations relating to customer health and safety,
                  “Information Security Management System” and
                                                                                       advertising, labelling and privacy matters in relation
                  “Information System Data Management System”
                                                                                       to products and services provided and methods of
                  strictly control back-end data access permissions to
                  prevent improper access to customer information.                     redress.
                                                                                                  China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report        181




3.             OuR HuMaN CaPItaL                                                                           We work to enhance our employees’ well-being through
                                                                                                           a wide range of activities such as celebrating employees’
               a)               Working Conditions
                                                                                                           birthdays with cakes. To promote a healthy lifestyle, we
                                At CICC, we recognise the importance of providing a                        regularly arrange numerous sports training sessions and
                                safe, harmonious and inclusive work environment for                        competitions such as tennis, ping-pong, football and
                                employees. During staff recruitment, we make hiring                        basketball. If an unfortunate situation which requires
                                decisions without any prejudice or discrimination                          hospitalisation befalls one of our employees, we will
                                based on age, gender, pregnancy, marital status,                           organise visits and provide the necessary support.
                                family status, disability, sexual orientation, religion
                                and race. Our employees are also rewarded with                             All business divisions within the Group are in compliance
                                remuneration packages and welfare benefits based                           with all applicable laws and regulations related to
                                on factors such as professional competence and                             employment practices and prohibit the employment of
                                work performance. Going beyond the statutory                               child or forced labour. For the reporting year, there have
                                requirements of purchasing “Five Social Insurance                          been no confirmed cases of non-compliance with national
                                and One Housing Fund” , we provide our employees
                                                         2
                                                                                                           and regional economic and labour laws and regulations.
                                with additional complementary insurance plans                              CICC Hong Kong manages its tax affairs in compliance
                                such as critical illness insurance and accident and                        with all Hong Kong tax laws and pays all Hong Kong taxes,
                                disability insurance. To maintain a transparent                            duties and levies for which it is liable, and expects the same
                                and fair approach to staff management, we                                  of all employees, both in Hong Kong and in other countries
                                outline expectations for professional conduct in                           in which they have tax liabilities.
                                the Staff Manual and ensure that all employees
                                are familiarised with the document. Employee
                                performance is assessed by following a stringent
                                performance appraisal system.



                                       Total Workforce by Age and Gender                                        Employee Turnover Rate by Age and Gender
                              7000                                                                        12


                              6000
                                                                                                          10


                              5000




     Total No. of Workforce
                                                                                                           8




                                                                                          Turnover Rate
                              4000
                                                                                                           6
                              3000

                                                                                                           4
                              2000


                                                                                                           2
                              1000


                                 0                                                                         0
                                      Below 30 30-50     Over 50 Female     Male                                 Overall Below 30 30-50 Over 50 Female       Male




2
               Which includes Endowment Insurance, Medical Insurance, Unemployment Insurance, Occupational Health and Safety Insurance, Maternity
               Insurance and Housing Fund.
182   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Environmental, Social and
      Governance Report


            b)    staff development and training                           4)   New Staff Induction Training is an annual
                                                                                one-week programme required for all new
                  Supporting staff competence is key to maintain
                                                                                recruits. The content covers a comprehensive
                  competitiveness in a constantly changing business
                                                                                introduction of the company and its relevant
                  environment. Our “CICC Training Management
                                                                                departments. Upon completion of the training
                  Regulations” describe training objectives, plans and
                                                                                at the company level, the departments will
                  programmes as well as specific requirements for
                                                                                conduct work-related skills training covering
                  the division of labour and responsibility, training
                                                                                Investment Banking, Equities, Research, FICC,
                  cost management and resource management.
                                                                                Asset Management and Mutual Funds.
                  CICC Wealth Management’s “Interim Measures on
                  Staff Training Management” provides guidance on
                                                                           5)   Department Training covers internal training
                  establishing and continuously improving the training
                                                                                on business knowledge according to business
                  system, formulating the annual plan and budgeting,
                                                                                needs. Amongst all, the internal training of
                  coordinating and planning specific training
                                                                                the investment banking department and the
                  programmes and courses, organising and building
                                                                                industry research training of the research
                  the company’s internal trainer team, and collecting
                                                                                department stand out. The training covers all
                  training information and resources.
                                                                                business line related personnel. In addition to
                                                                                internal programmes, departments will send
                  Our “CICC Institute” provides training courses
                                                                                relevant personnel to participate in training
                  covering various topics such as business
                                                                                provided by regulators, associations and
                  development and strategy, leadership skills, and
                                                                                industry.
                  corporate culture and history. Our training courses
                  are grouped under six major categories:
                                                                           6)   Compliance and Regulatory Personnel
                                                                                Qualification Examination and Follow-up
                  1)     Senior Management Training includes
                                                                                Training include training and examination to
                         executive in-house training, and Executive
                                                                                expand staff knowledge on legal compliance.
                         Development Programme courses for the
                                                                                We apply for futures qualification examination
                         company’s Executive Director/Managing
                                                                                5 or more times per year. We also provide
                         Director. The curriculum focuses on corporate
                                                                                follow-up training for securities, fund, futures
                         strategy and leadership.
                                                                                and insurance practitioners.

                  2)     Key Middle-Level Management Personnel
                         Training focuses on communication skills,
                         leadership skills and management skills for
                         the company’s new VPs as representatives of
                         middle-level management.


                  3)     Junior Staff Training through the CICC Open
                         Class is held once every two months; all
                         employees are eligible to participate. The
                         curriculum covers numerous topics including
                         front-line business knowledge, compliance
                         and regulations, human resources and office
                         skills.
                                                                  China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report      183




                                                                        c)    Occupational Health & safety
Case Study                                                                    As a caring company, ensuring staff occupational
Promoting Knowledge exchange for                                              health and safety is a foremost task. The Group strictly
Professionalism advancement                                                   abides by the Labour Law of the People’s Republic of
                                                                              China, the Fire Control Law of the People’s Republic
                                                                              of China and other laws and regulations. We actively
                                                                              organise lectures and training on related topics, and
                                                                              provide our staff with medical insurance, annual
                                                                              physical examinations, psychological counselling
                                                                              and influenza vaccinations. In 2020, CICC Wealth
                                                                              Management encouraged preventative healthcare
                                                                              by arranging medical check-ups for over 3,000
                                                                              employees. To help our employees maintain their
                                                                              fitness, and to facilitate the use of fitness facilities,
Recognising the importance of continuous professionalism                      CICC provides significant membership discounts
development, the Group supports its employees by promoting                    every year for employees to join fitness clubs.
knowledge exchanges sessions. In September 2020, CICC                         Responding to the COVID-19 pandemic, CICC has
Institute organised a sharing session of a book “Team of Teams”               procured additional medical insurance for employees
for employees. During the knowledge sharing session, CICC                     and their family members. We have also introduced
senior management exchanged insights with employees                           an online platform to provide medical advice and
through interactive discussions. In November 2020, CICC                       doctor consultations for our employees and their
Institute invited a financial services industry leader to share               families.
insights of a publication “True Professionalism” he translated.
Through these knowledge exchange opportunities, we
                                                                  4.    OuR eNVIRONMeNt
continue to stimulate employees to further seeking innovation,
professionalism and growth.                                             The Group is in strict compliance with the Energy
                                                                       Conservation Law of the People’s Republic of China , the
                                                                       Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of
         Furthermore, we also encourage employees to attain            China and other laws, regulations and national policies, and
         professional qualifications. The company reimburses            is dedicated to minimising the environmental footprint
         employees for the examination, registration and                generated from our operations. We aim to enhance energy
         membership fees required to maintain the validity of           efficiency, conserve resources, manage waste and promote
         the qualification.                                             environmental awareness throughout our business
                                                                        operations.
184   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Environmental, Social and
      Governance Report


            a)    Carbon Neutrality                                         Financial Green

                  At the General Debate of the 75th Session of the          On March 18, 2021, CICC acted as the lead underwriter
                  United Nations General Assembly held on September         for China’s first “carbon neutral” green financial
                  22, 2020, President Xi Jinping announced to the           bond issued by China Development Bank to global
                  world that China will scale up its Intended Nationally    investors. With issuance amount of RMB20 billion,
                  Determined Contributions by adopting more vigorous        it represents the largest special green bond issued
                  policies and measures. China aims to have CO2             in the entire market dedicated to achieving carbon
                  emissions peak before 2030 and achieve carbon             peak and carbon neutrality targets. The proceeds
                  neutrality before 2060.                                   raised will be used in green projects including energy
                                                                            conservation, clean transportation, clean energy,
                  Achieving carbon peak by 2030 and carbon neutrality       pollution prevention, ecological protection and
                  by 2060 are ambitious goals set by China as a             adaptation to climate change, resource conservation
                  responsible powerhouse to tackle global climate           and recycling.
                  change. To implement relevant policy requirements,
                  support low-carbon transformation of enterprises,
                  advance innovation of green financial products,
                  and facilitate green development of industries, CICC
                  has played an active role in facilitating the issuance
                  of carbon neutrality bonds, and has carried out
                  in-depth researches on the linkage between CCER
                  and clean-oriented financing instruments such as the
                  carbon neutrality bonds and other green bonds, and
                  the innovation of carbon asset-linked products.


                  CICC actively takes the concept of green finance
                  into practice and participates in the construction of
                  domestic and overseas green finance markets and
                  the innovation of green financial products. Since the
                  introduction of the carbon neutrality target, CICC has
                  taken the initiative in completing the issuance of the
                  first batch of carbon neutrality bonds by China Energy
                  Investment Group Co., Ltd. and China Huaneng Group
                  Co., Ltd. on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and assisted
                  Beijing Infrastructure Investment Co., Ltd. as the sole
                  lead underwriter to successfully issue carbon neutral
                  green bonds, facilitating various types of enterprises
                  to realize the win-win outcome and positive cycle of
                  carbon neutrality and reducing financing costs.
                                                         China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   185




                                                                     Publishing series of research reports on
                                                                     “Carbon Neutrality”

                                                                     The Research Department of CICC and CICC Global
                                                                     Institute jointly completed Carbon Neutrality
                                                                     Economics: Macro and Industry Analysis under New
                                                                     Constraints , which provides a systematic analysis
                                                                     on the path of China’s achievement of carbon
                                                                     peak and carbon neutrality and its impact. The
                                                                     “Carbon Neutrality 2060” research report adopted
                                                                     a new green premium analysis framework under
                                                                     the guidance of policy research. The report is a
                                                                     concerted effort of four aggregate teams and
                                                                     more than 20 industry teams in CICC, and gave a
                                                                     profound analysis on the path of “carbon pricing
                                                                     + technological innovation + social governance”
Based on the internationally accepted analysis                       of carbon neutrality, focusing on China’s carbon
framework, combined with China’s policy objectives,                  peak, carbon pricing mechanism suitable for
the asset management team has selected underlying                    China, the scale and structure of green finance, as
indicators that are suitable for China’s industry                    well as thematic research on green energy, green
characteristics and carbon emission reduction paths,                 manufacturing, green transportation, green cities,
and used advanced data mining capabilities and                       and digital carbon neutrality.
rich data sources to build a carbon neutral analysis
framework with Chinese characteristics, and applied it
to the asset management investment strategy.


Our Company and GCL Energy Technology Company
Limited jointly established a “carbon neutral” theme
industry fund-China Golden GCL Carbon Neutral
Industry Investment Fund, with a total fund size
of up to RMB10 billion, which will mainly invest in
mobile energy industry chain related projects such as
charging and swapping network, online car-hailing
travel platform, intelligent vehicle management
platform, battery asset management, and battery
echelon utilization.
186   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Environmental, Social and
      Governance Report


                  Convening “Carbon Neutrality” Forum                      b)   emissions and energy use
                  On March 23-24, 2021, the Company held the                    We have established a working group to implement
                  CICC “Carbon Neutral 2060” Forum in Beijing,                  energy and waste reduction measures and monitor
                  which invited senior experts and scholars from                their effectiveness. We also submit the “CICC Energy
                  domestic and foreign policy-making departments,               Conservation and Emission Reduction Summary
                  industry and academia to discuss the path to                  Report” to the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Financial
                  carbon neutrality and market opportunities. In the            Work on an annual basis.
                  main forum, important guests from related fields
                  at home and abroad delivered keynote speeches,                Since electricity consumption accounts for
                  and conducted a panoramic analysis of carbon                  a significant proportion of our greenhouse
                  neutrality in China and the world from multiple               gases emissions, we have implemented energy
                  perspectives such as carbon pricing, technological            efficiency enhancements in our offices through
                  progress and social governance. The twelve parallel           various initiatives. The following initiatives were
                  sub-forums focused on in-depth discussions                    implemented in 2020:
                  including: “Carbon Neutrality: Policies and Impacts”,
                  “Abilities and Inabilities of the Carbon Market”,             Office enhancements
                  “Investment Opportunities and Challenges under
                                                                                •     Replaced obsolete light fixtures with LED
                  Carbon Neutrality and ESG Principles”, “Green
                                                                                      lighting in public areas, offices and control
                  Finance”, “Prospect for International Cooperation of
                                                                                      rooms.
                  Carbon Neutrality”, “Carbon Neutral Technology”,
                  “Green Energy”, “Green Transportation”, “Green
                                                                                •     Installed light sensor controls within certain
                  Manufacturing”, “Green Consumption”, “Green Cities”,
                                                                                      areas of the office to minimise electricity use.
                  “Digital Carbon Neutrality”, etc. Nearly 1,500 guests
                                                                                      Lights are turned off automatically after a fixed
                  from relevant government departments, enterprises
                                                                                      time period.
                  and the investment field, etc. signed up to
                  participate in the Forum. During each session, guests
                                                                                •     Replaced water-cooled air conditioning
                  actively raised questions and conducted in-depth
                                                                                      systems with energy efficient models in CICC
                  discussions on relevant hot topics.
                                                                                      data centres.


                                                                                •     Installed systems to automatically turn off light
                                                                                      fixtures and air conditioners after office hours.


                                                                                •     Restricted temperature settings to above 26°C
                                                                                      in summer and below 20°C in winter using air
                                                                                      conditioning temperature control systems.


                                                                                •     Procured ENERGY STAR certified products for
                                                                                      all IT facilities in CICC’s US offices.
                                                                              China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report       187




                 driving environmentally Conscious                                            “sustainable commutes” to our employees. We
                 Behaviour                                                                    encourage environmentally friendly modes of
                                                                                              transport such as public transportation, carpooling,
                 •          Placed reminder notices near light switches to
                                                                                              cycling or walking. Our Beijing office runs company
                            reduce unnecessary energy consumption.
                                                                                              bus lines, which provides a more convenient way
                                                                                              for employees to come to work while reducing the
                 •          Reminded employees to switch their
                                                                                              carbon footprint of their daily lives. We advocate the
                            computers off or to ‘standby mode’ when not
                                                                                              use of virtual meetings, telephones, e-mail and other
                            in-use.
                                                                                              means of communication instead of face-to-face
                                                                                              meetings to minimise business trips. Through these
                 •          Arranged for building security teams to check
                                                                                              initiatives, we are able to reduce carbon emissions as
                            that all electrical switches and appliances are
                                                                                              well as contribute to better air quality.
                            turned off on weekends.

                                                                                              During the Reporting Period, our total GHG
                 •          Implemented a permission system to control
                                                                                              emissions equated to 31,084 tonnes of CO2e, arising
                            the air conditioner use after office hours.
                                                                                              mainly from electricity consumption. Our total
                                                                                              energy consumption was 25,550 kWh.
                 Reducing environmental impacts of employee
                 commuting is important to our carbon footprint
                 management. This year, we continued to promote




                                Greenhouse gas emissions                                                     Energy consumption
                 35000                                                                        30000


                 30000
                                                                                              25000


                 25000
                                                                                              20000




Tonnes of CO2e
                                                                                   1000 kWh
                 20000
                                                                                              15000
                 15000

                                                                                              10000
                 10000


                                                                                               5000
                     5000


                        0                                                                         0
                                      CICC and CICC Wealth                                                     CICC and CICC Wealth
                                          Management                                                               Management
                                       Scope 1 emissions                                              Indirect energy consumption (electricity)
                                       Scope 2 emissions                                              Direct energy consumption (fuel)
                                       Scope 3 emissions
188   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Environmental, Social and
      Governance Report


            c)     Waste Management                                            d)     Building awareness
                   Our strong sense of environmental responsibility is                Promoting environmental awareness is important to
                   demonstrated through proper waste management.                      driving sustainable development in the community.
                                                                                      Therefore, we regularly organise environmental
                   In line with waste management principles, we                       programmes to strengthen the awareness of our
                   explore opportunities to reuse and recycle office                  employees and community members.
                   wastes. Following proper recycling procedures,
                   we employ specialised agencies and vendors to
                   handle toner cartridges and other consumables
                                                                             Case Study
                   in a safe manner. In addition, we encourage our           Protecting Biodiversity through
                   employees to minimise waste by re-using stationery        environmental Programmes
                   such as envelopes, letter heads, courier bags and
                   other office materials. This year, we continued to
                   implement a number of waste reduction initiatives.
                   Recyclable collection points for used batteries and
                   non-hazardous wastes are provided in the offices.
                   Through our waste management approach and
                   on-going initiatives, we work to effectively reduce
                   waste generation from our office operations.



         Case Study
         Instilling an environmentally Friendly
         Office Culture                                                      We hope that participating in environmental programmes will
                                                                             help advocate environmental stewardship within the company.
                                                                             This year, CICC made donations to a tree planting programme
         To create a paperless office and promote environment
                                                                             in Hebei province. Over 36,000 Scots Pines were planted in
         stewardship, we leverage technologies to digitalise our
                                                                             October 2020. We will continue to explore opportunities to
         workflow and encourage paper reuse and recycling. To reduce
                                                                             drive environmental awareness in the community.
         the use of printed materials, this year we continued to enhance
         our digital systems such as online human resources systems
         and internal documentation approval systems. Our employees
         are able to handle matters without using excessive papers and
         we send festive greetings through e-cards in place of traditional
         paper cards.
                                                                    China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   189




5.   OuR COMMuNIty                                                        a)    CICC Charity Foundation
     a)   Objectives, scope and Vision                                          Established in Beijing, the CICC Charity Foundation
                                                                                serves as a community hub for the Group to
          The Group is dedicated to contributing to the
                                                                                organise charity events and motivate our employees
          communities we serve. The Group’s approaches
                                                                                to participate in social welfare activities and
          to poverty alleviation include financial support
                                                                                engagements. We initiated various CICC Charity
          for industrial development in poverty-stricken
                                                                                Foundation projects to support community
          areas, educational support to equip beneficiaries
                                                                                development, improve the quality of education,
          with knowledge and strength and tailor-made
                                                                                renovate medical and sanitation facilities, as well
          measures to help registered poor households. In
                                                                                as protect the natural environment. This year, we
          2020, the Group donated more than RMB54 million
                                                                                focused our efforts on poverty alleviation, childhood
          in the name of the Company and the CICC Charity
                                                                                development and combating the COVID-19
          Foundation to support public welfare and poverty
                                                                                pandemic.
          alleviation projects.

                                                                                2020 Major Poverty alleviation and
          Objectives
                                                                                Charity Projects
          •     Uphold the principles of corporate social
                                                                                Improve the quality of education and subsidise costs
                responsibility
                                                                                for less-fortunate students:

          •     Promote the development of social welfare
                                                                                •     CICC Teacher Development Foundation –
                                                                                      Beijing – Donation of RMB400,000
          scope
          •     Poverty alleviation in the financial, industrial,                     CICC Teacher Development Foundation
                education, charity and consumption areas                              sponsored a non-profit educational institute to
                                                                                      further enhance the quality of education.
          •     Help sick and injured individuals
                                                                                •     Primary School Education Funding Project
          •     Help victims of natural disasters and                                 – Xinjiang – Donation of RMB240,000
                large-scale emergencies
                                                                                      CICC purchased school uniforms and
          •     Assist the government to improve medical                              subsidised Xinjiang’s local students in need.
                and health conditions in poverty-stricken areas
                                                                                •     Primary School Construction Project
          •     Assist the government to improve conditions                           – Huining County in Gansu Province –
                of schools in poverty-stricken areas                                  Donation of RMB1,990,000

          •     Subsidise and support education programmes                            To support the education of less fortunate
                                                                                      students, CICC Wealth Management made
          •     Protect the environment and natural resources                         donations to construct a primary school in
                                                                                      Huining County.
          Vision
          •     Focus on education and future development
                of students
190   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Environmental, Social and
      Governance Report


                  •      Primary and Secondary School Education             •   Local Agricultural Products Procurement
                         Subsidy Project – Huining County in Gansu              Programme – Huining County and Jingning
                         Province – Donation of 200,000                         County in Gansu Province and Shibing
                                                                                County in Guizhou Province – Donation of
                         For the third consecutive year, CICC Wealth            RMB1,030,000
                         Management funded 200 students in Huining
                         County to complete their studies.                      To alleviate poverty in rural areas, CICC
                                                                                purchased agricultural products in Huining
                  Subsidising local economy in poverty-stricken areas:          County and Jingning County in Gansu
                                                                                Province and Shibing County in Guizhou
                  •      Living Subsidy Funding for Students –                  Province.
                         Guzhang County in Hunan Province –
                         Donation of RMB1,000,000                           •   Insurance Investment Programme
                                                                                – Huining County – Donation of
                         CICC provided funds for students in Guzhang            RMB1,500,000
                         County to alleviate financial pressure for their
                         families.                                              In order to secure sufficient food supply
                                                                                and a stable commodity price, CICC Wealth
                  •      Local Agricultural Products Procurement                Management procured price and index
                         Programme – Weiyuan County in Gansu                    insurance services for 28 local towns in
                         Province – Donation of RMB620,000                      Huining County.


                         To support the local economy in Gansu              •   Insurance Procurement Programme –
                         Province, CICC procured lamb meat from the             Donation of RMB3,400,000
                         local farms in Weiyuan County and donated it
                         to two schools. This also helps improve access         CICC Wealth Management procured insurance
                         to healthy food for students.                          covering personal accidents and natural
                                                                                disasters for families living in poverty.
                                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   191




Case Study                                                              Case Study
Providing Long-term support to Rural                                    Combating the COVId-19
Communities                                                             Pandemic




Since 2013, CICC has been working with local charities to                Since the pandemic outbreak in early 2020, CICC and CICC
support early childhood development and education in                     Wealth Management have demonstrated their dedication in
Nyêmo County in Tibet Autonomous Region. We funded an                    supporting frontline medical workers, charity organisations,
education programme to train 3,000 medical workers in the                schools and people in need. CICC and CICC Wealth
rural community. After our first initiative, we recognised that the      Management jointly donated over RMB20,000,000 and
rural communities in Nyêmo County need continuous support                over 110,000 face masks to frontline medical workers and
and started tours to identify charity opportunities. In 2018, CICC       communities. In addition, CICC Wealth Management also
supported the “China Reach” charity programme in providing               expressed its care through letters to frontline medical workers
health care and education to children in need. This year, we             in Wuhan, Hubei Province. Together with our employees and
contributed RMB3,000,000 to support around 900 children                  stakeholders, we will get through these unprecedented times.
from six months to 3 years old. We believe this programme can
bring long-term value to early childhood development in rural
regions.
192   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Environmental, Social and
      Governance Report


      6.    PeRFORMaNCe data suMMaRy
            KPI a1.2 – Greenhouse gas emissions data in total and intensity
                                                                                                                                                 Tonnes of
                                                                                                                   Tonnes of CO2e             CO2e per FTE3
            Scope 1 emissions (Fuel use)                                                                                       343                     0.04
            Scope 2 emissions (Electricity use)                                                                              21,163                    2.26
            Scope 3 emissions (Business air travel)                                                                           9,578                    1.02
            Total                                                                                                            31,084                    3.32


            KPI a2.1 – direct and indirect energy consumption and intensity
                                                                                                                                              Consumption
                                                                                                                    Consumption                   Intensity
                                                                                                                   (in 1,000 kWh)             (kWh per FTE)
            Total direct energy consumption from fuel use                                                                     1,154                    0.12
            Total indirect energy consumption from the use of electricity                                                    24,396                    2.60


            KPI a2.2 – Water consumption in total and intensity
                                                                                                                        Total (m3) Intensity (m3 per FTE)
            Water consumption                                                                                                74,314                    7.93


            KPI B1.1 – total workforce by gender, age group, employment type and geographical location
                                                                                   Age Group                                            Gender
                                                                Total        Below 30            30 – 50           Over 50        Female              Male
            Mainland China            Full-time                 8,678             2,723             5,673              282            4,431           4,247
                                      Part-time                      0                 0                 0               0               0               0
            Hong Kong SAR             Full-time                   569               170               366               33             296             273
                                      Part-time                      0                 0                 0               0               0               0
            Singapore                 Full-time                    30                  5               24                1              15              15
                                      Part-time                      0                 0                 0               0               0               0
            UK                        Full-time                    34                  5               28                1              21              13
                                      Part-time                      0                 0                 0               0               0               0
            US                        Full-time                    50                  8               36                6              27              23
                                      Part-time                      0                 0                 0               0               0               0
            DE                        Full-time                      4                 0                 3               1               1               3
                                      Part-time                      0                 0                 0               0               0               0
            JP                        Full-time                      7                 0                 6               1               1               6
                                      Part-time                      0                 0                 0               0               0               0
            Total                                               9,372             2,911             6,136              325            4,792           4,580


      3
            FTE: Full time equivalent employees. As of the end of 2020, the total number of CICC’s FTE is 9,372.
                                               China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   193




KPI B1.2 – employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region
                                                   Age Group                                 Gender
                                        Below 30       30 – 50         Over 50         Female             Male
Mainland China                              11%             9%              3%              8%             11%
Hong Kong SAR                                6%            10%              13%             9%              8%
Singapore                                   20%             5%              0%              7%              7%
UK                                           0%             4%              0%              5%              0%
US                                           0%             0%              0%              0%              0%
All locations                               10%             9%              4%              8%             11%
Overall rate                                                           9%


KPI B3.1 – Percentage of employees trained by employee category and gender

General Staff                                                                                           95.28%
Middle Managers                                                                                         96.43%
Senior Managers                                                                                         96.04%
Female                                                                                                  94.89%
Male                                                                                                    96.29%
Overall                                                                                                 95.57%


KPI B3.2 – average training hours completed per employee by employee category and gender

General Staff                                                                                            174.46
Middle Managers                                                                                          186.03
Senior Managers                                                                                          119.39
Female                                                                                                   176.59
Male                                                                                                     169.69
Overall                                                                                                  173.24
194   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Environmental, Social and
      Governance Report


      7.    HKeX esG GuIde CONteNt INdeX
                                              HKEx
            Aspect                            KPI         Description                                     Remarks
            A. Environmental
            A1 Emissions                      A1          General Disclosure
                                              A1.1        The type of emissions and respective            According to the materiality assessment
                                                            emissions data                                  result, this topic is regarded as not
                                                                                                            material to the Group.
                                              A1.2        Greenhouse gas emissions in total and
                                                            intensity
                                              A1.3        Total hazardous waste produced                  According to the materiality assessment
                                                                                                            result, this topic is regarded as not
                                                                                                            material to the Group.
                                              A1.4        Total non-hazardous waste produced              According to the materiality assessment
                                                                                                            result, this topic is regarded as not
                                                                                                            material to the Group.
                                              A1.5        Description of measures to mitigate
                                                            emissions and results achieved
                                              A1.6        Description of how hazardous & non-
                                                            hazardous wastes are handled, reduction
                                                            initiatives & results achieved
            A2 Use of Resources               A2          General Disclosure
                                              A2.1        Direct and indirect energy consumption by
                                                            type in total and intensity
                                              A2.2        Water consumption in total and intensity
                                              A2.3        Energy use efficiency initiatives and results
                                                            achieved
                                              A2.4        Issue in sourcing water, water efficiency       According to the materiality assessment
                                                            initiatives                                     result, this topic is regarded as not
                                                                                                            material to the Group.
                                              A2.5        Total packaging material used for finished      According to the materiality assessment
                                                            products                                        result, this topic is regarded as not
                                                                                                            material to the Group.
            A3 The Environment and            A3          General Disclosure
                Natural Resources             A3.1        Description of the significant impacts
                                                            of activities on the environment and
                                                            natural resources
                                                          China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   195




                              HKEx
Aspect                        KPI    Description                                   Remarks
B Social
B1 Employment                 B1     General Disclosure
                              B1.1   Total workforce by gender, employment
                                       type, age group and geographical
                                       region
                              B1.2   Employee turnover rate by gender, age
                                       group and geographical region
B2 Health and Safety          B2     General Disclosure
                              B2.3   Occupational health & safety measures
B3 Development and Training   B3     General Disclosure
                              B3.1   Percentage of employees trained by
                                       gender and employee category
                              B3.2   Average training hours completed per
                                       employee by gender and employee
                                       category
B4 Labour Standards           B4     General Disclosure                            We abide by relevant employment
                                                                                      ordinances and statutory
                                                                                      requirements in all locations of our
                                                                                      operations. No relevant cases of non-
                                                                                      compliance were recorded.
B5 Supply Chain Management    B5     General Disclosure                            According to the materiality assessment
                                                                                      result, this topic is regarded as not
                                                                                      material to the Group.
B6 Product Responsibility     B6     General Disclosure                            Due to business nature, “label” is not
                                                                                      applicable to the Group.
                              B6.4   Description of quality assurance process
                                       and recall procedures
                              B6.5   Description of consumer data protection
                                       and privacy policies, how they are
                                       implemented and monitored
B7 Anti-corruption            B7     General Disclosure
                              B7.1   Number of concluded legal cases
                                       regarding corrupt practices brought
                                       against the issuer its employees during
                                       the reporting period and the outcomes
                                       of the cases
                              B7.2   Preventive measures and whistle-blowing
                                       procedures, how they are implemented
                                       and monitored
B8 Community Investment       B8     General Disclosure
                              B8.1   Focus areas of contribution
                              B8.2   Resources contributed to the focus area
Independent
Auditor’s
Report
198   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report




      Independent Auditor’s Report


      To the Shareholders of China International Capital Corporation Limited
      (Incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)


      OPINION
      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China International Capital Corporation Limited (the “Company”) and its
      subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 204 to 354, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial
      position as at 31 December 2020, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
      comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended,
      and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.


      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at
      31 December 2020, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance
      with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been
      properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


      BasIs FOR OPINION
      We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
      Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the
      Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s
      Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the
      Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
                                                                             China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   199




Key audIt MatteRs
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.


 Key Audit Matter                                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Valuation of financial instruments measured at Level III fair value

 We identified the valuation of financial instruments measured at        Our procedures in relation to valuation of financial instruments
 Level III fair value as a key audit matter.                             measured at Level III fair value included:


 As at 31 December 2020, the Group holds financial instruments           •       Understanding the Group’s valuation models for financial
 of RMB18,334 million measured at Level III fair values as disclosed             instruments at Level III fair value and key controls over
 in Note 56, which are significant to the consolidated financial                 selection of valuation methods and determining the
 statements.                                                                     valuation of such financial instruments;


 For the valuation of these financial instruments measured at            •       Selecting financial instruments at Level III fair value on a
 Level III fair value, the selection of valuation techniques, the key            sample basis and:
 assumptions and unobservable inputs used in the valuation
 techniques involve significant estimation of the management as                  –     Reviewing the investment agreements to
 disclosed in Note 4(a) and Note 56.                                                   understand the relevant investment terms and
                                                                                       identifying any conditions that were relevant to the
 Owing to the above reasons, we identified the valuation of                            valuation of the selected financial instruments;
 financial instruments measured at Level III fair value as a key audit
 matter in our audit of the consolidated financial statements.                   –     Evaluating the appropriateness of the model
                                                                                       adopted by management in the valuation of
                                                                                       the selected financial instruments, based on our
                                                                                       knowledge of current industry practice;


                                                                                 –     Evaluating the appropriateness of the unobservable
                                                                                       and observable inputs used by the management
                                                                                       for measuring the fair value of the selected financial
                                                                                       instruments with reference to relevant market data;


                                                                         •       For the samples selected in above procedures, involving
                                                                                 our internal valuation specialists to develop expected fair
                                                                                 values and sensitivity analysis of the selected financial
                                                                                 instruments, on a sample basis, and investigating if the
                                                                                 expected fair values are significantly deviated from the
                                                                                 corresponding fair value adopted by the Group.
200   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Independent Auditor’s Report




      Key audIt MatteRs (continued)
       Key Audit Matter                                                    How our audit addressed the key audit matter

       Consolidation of structured entities

       We identified the consolidation of structured entities as a key     Our procedures in relation to consolidation of structured entities
       audit matter.                                                       included:


       As disclosed in Note 53(a) to the consolidated financial            •     Evaluating the design and implementation of
       statements, as at 31 December 2020, the carrying amount of                management’s key controls over determining the
       interests held by the Group amounted to RMB23,704 million,                consolidation of structured entities;
       which is significant to the consolidated financial statements.
                                                                           •     Reviewing, on a sample basis, the related investment
       As disclosed in Note 4(b) to the consolidated financial                   contracts and service agreements of investments in
       statements, in accordance with the principle of control in IFRS           structured entities to assess whether the management
       10 Consolidated Financial Statements , to determine whether               has appropriately considered the following factors in
       structured entities should be consolidated, a combination                 determining the consolidation of structured entities:
       of factors need to be assessed by management to make a
       comprehensive judgment on whether the Group has controlled                –     The purpose of establishment, the major activities
       the structured entities, according to the terms of the related                  and decision-making process of these structured
       contracts, including the purpose of establishment, the Group’s                  entities;
       power over the structured entities, all variable returns obtained
       including investment income and management remuneration,                  –     All variable returns entitled, primarily investment
       that the Group is a principal or an agent and etc. The assessment               income and management remuneration, by the
       above involves significant judgement and estimation of the                      Group;
       management.
                                                                                 –     The Group’s substantive power over these structured
       Owing to the above reasons, we identified the consolidation                     entities and how it can affect the variable returns;
       of structured entities as a key audit matter in our audit of the                and
       consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                 –     Whether the Group makes investment decision as
                                                                                       the principal.


                                                                           •     Checking and evaluating, on a sample basis, management’s
                                                                                 quantitative analysis on the Group’s exposure or right
                                                                                 to variable returns with its economic interests in the
                                                                                 structured entity and examining the data used in these
                                                                                 calculations by reference to the related contracts.
                                                                           China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   201




OtHeR INFORMatION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the
annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance
conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so,
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained
in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a
material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


ResPONsIBILItIes OF dIReCtORs aNd tHOse CHaRGed WItH GOVeRNaNCe FOR tHe
CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and for such internal
control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors
either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.
202   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Independent Auditor’s Report




      audItOR ’s ResPONsIBILItIes FOR tHe audIt OF tHe CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL
      stateMeNts
      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material
      misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in
      accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability
      to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
      audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud
      or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
      decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


      As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism throughout the
      audit. We also:


      •     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design
            and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
            basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
            error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


      •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
            circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.


      •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures
            made by the directors.


      •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence
            obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s
            ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our
            auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify
            our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
            events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


      •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and
            whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
            presentation.


      •     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the
            Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and
            performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
                                                                            China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   203




audItOR ’s ResPONsIBILItIes FOR tHe audIt OF tHe CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL
stateMeNts (continued)
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.


We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in
our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we
determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be
expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Mr. Man Kai Sze.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants


Hong Kong, China
30 March 2021
204   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report




      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
      For the year ended 31 December 2020 (Expressed in Renminbi (“RMB”), unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                     Notes            2020               2019


       Revenue:
       Fee and commission income                                                                      7      15,614,699,770    10,733,052,264
       Interest income                                                                                8       5,644,871,039     4,800,188,053
       Investment income                                                                              9      13,158,640,416     6,958,642,800


       Total revenue                                                                                         34,418,211,225    22,491,883,117


       Other (losses)/income, net                                                                     10     (2,016,384,259)     290,627,436


       Total revenue and other income                                                                        32,401,826,966    22,782,510,553


       Expenses:
       Fee and commission expenses                                                                    11      1,989,083,356     1,186,330,727
       Interest expenses                                                                              12      6,713,748,168     5,895,513,419
       Staff costs                                                                                    13     10,775,510,804     7,202,881,554
       Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                                         16      1,000,778,080      913,235,412
       Tax and surcharges                                                                                      115,775,920        84,392,616
       Other operating expenses and costs                                                             17      2,088,661,086     2,099,330,393
       Provision for impairment losses under expected credit loss model                               18       972,795,291       159,597,831


       Total expenses                                                                                        23,656,352,705    17,541,281,952


       Operating profit                                                                                       8,745,474,261     5,241,228,601
       Share of (losses)/profits of associates and joint ventures                                               (32,791,974)      60,403,081


       Profit before income tax                                                                               8,712,682,287     5,301,631,682
       Less: Income tax expense                                                                       19      1,450,542,933     1,053,804,852


       Profit for the year                                                                                    7,262,139,354     4,247,826,830


       Attributable to:
          Shareholders of the Company                                                                         7,207,452,452     4,238,719,317
          Non-controlling interests                                                                             54,686,902          9,107,513
       Basic earnings per share (in RMB per share)                                                    20               1.60              0.99




      The notes on pages 214 to 354 form part of these financial statements.
                                                                                  China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   205



Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
Other Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2020 (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                       2020                   2019


 Profit for the year                                                                                         7,262,139,354           4,247,826,830


 Other comprehensive income for the year
 Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income:
    – Net (losses)/gains from changes in fair value                                                             (59,000,864)          370,839,097
    – Provision for/(reversal of) expected credit losses                                                          1,123,234             (3,108,166)
    – Tax effect                                                                                                 48,247,322            (17,850,298)
    – Net gains transferred to profit or loss on disposals                                                     (143,553,236)          (200,589,971)
 Interests in associates and joint ventures:
    – Share of other comprehensive income                                                                           103,278               (103,278)
 Foreign currency translation difference of financial statements of
    overseas subsidiaries                                                                                      (716,447,510)          165,151,703


 Total other comprehensive income for the year, net of income tax                                              (869,527,776)          314,339,087


 Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                     6,392,611,578           4,562,165,917


 Attributable to:
    Shareholders of the Company                                                                              6,337,924,676           4,553,058,404
    Non-controlling interests                                                                                    54,686,902              9,107,513




The notes on pages 214 to 354 form part of these financial statements.
206   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report




      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      As at 31 December 2020 (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                           Notes             2020              2019


       Non-current assets:
       Property and equipment                                               21        748,398,324        729,506,720
       Right-of-use assets                                                  22       2,271,552,336     2,603,508,871
       Goodwill                                                             23       1,582,678,646     1,582,678,646
       Intangible assets                                                    24        310,819,976        285,100,659
       Interests in associates and joint ventures                           25       1,188,852,866     1,168,476,657
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                26       6,709,361,710     3,719,607,275
       Financial assets held under resale agreements (“reverse REPOs”)      27        902,186,358        241,608,278
       Refundable deposits                                                  28      11,768,323,935     6,502,093,854
       Deferred tax assets                                                  29       1,787,614,365     1,089,945,732
       Other non-current assets                                             30        510,965,054      1,315,599,799


       Total non-current assets                                                     27,780,753,570    19,238,126,491


       Current assets:
       Accounts receivable                                                  31      43,493,774,685    17,876,559,376
       Receivable from margin clients                                       32      33,884,813,279    23,189,950,890
       Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income    33      37,212,187,524    28,985,823,339
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                26     240,896,335,935   164,472,286,846
       Reverse REPOs                                                        27      17,528,510,790    14,057,328,635
       Derivative financial assets                                          34      12,311,263,836     4,502,204,258
       Cash held on behalf of clients                                       35      60,950,716,097    48,458,799,900
       Cash and bank balances                                               36      47,161,071,068    23,958,928,670
       Other current assets                                                           401,072,832        231,234,510


       Total current assets                                                        493,839,746,046   325,733,116,424


       Total assets                                                                521,620,499,616   344,971,242,915
                                                              China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   207




                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                            Notes                  2020                   2019


Current liabilities:
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                    39        42,891,549,327          26,570,318,854
Derivative financial liabilities                                              34        24,682,534,637           6,362,192,001
Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                         40        70,655,180,456          48,337,872,171
Placements from financial institutions                                        41        34,516,414,695          24,082,382,130
Short-term debt securities issued                                             42        26,492,570,465          21,240,334,869
Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements (“REPOs”)                   43        25,101,083,823          24,708,257,231
Employee benefits payable                                                     44         7,805,043,988           4,843,433,026
Income tax payable                                                                         915,619,202            991,893,266
Long-term debt securities issued due within one year                          46        23,386,443,319          21,806,085,676
Lease liabilities                                                             47           541,299,132            487,672,398
Contract liabilities                                                          48           170,928,280            339,489,435
Other current liabilities                                                     45        85,922,851,573          56,957,135,623


Total current liabilities                                                              343,081,518,897        236,727,066,680


Net current assets                                                                     150,758,227,149          89,006,049,744


Total assets less current liabilities                                                  178,538,980,719        108,244,176,235


Non-current liabilities:
Non-current employee benefits payable                                         44           781,920,387            636,478,779
Long-term debt securities issued                                              46       104,614,517,533          57,585,268,714
Deferred tax liabilities                                                      29           506,667,665            361,389,177
Lease liabilities                                                             47           663,560,140            972,322,130
Other non-current liabilities                                                 49           157,182,000            157,182,000


Total non-current liabilities                                                          106,723,847,725          59,712,640,800


Net assets                                                                              71,815,132,994          48,531,535,435
208   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

      As at 31 December 2020 (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                               Notes            2020                 2019


       Equity:
       Share capital                                                                            50      4,827,256,868        4,368,667,868
       Other equity instruments                                                                 51      5,000,000,000        1,000,000,000
       Reserves                                                                                 50     44,008,757,978       31,144,523,534
       Retained profits                                                                                17,798,924,176       11,780,607,940


       Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Company                                        71,634,939,022       48,293,799,342
       Non-controlling interests                                                                         180,193,972          237,736,093


       Total equity                                                                                    71,815,132,994       48,531,535,435


      The notes on pages 214 to 354 form part of these financial statements.


      The consolidated financial statements on pages 204 to 354 were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 30 March
      2021.




                        Shen Rujun                                         Huang Zhaohui
                    Chairman of Board                                Chief Executive Officer                  Company chop
                                                                                                                 China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report                                209



Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2020 (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                    Attributable to shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                      Reserves
                                                                                                                                            Foreign
                                                           Other                                                       Investment          currency                                         Non-
                                            Share         equity         Capital          Surplus         General      revaluation      translation      Retained                     controlling
                                           capital   instruments         reserve          reserve         reserves         reserve          reserve        profits       Subtotal       interests   Total equity
                                      (Note 50(a))     (Note 51) (Note 50(b)(i)) (Note 50(b)(ii)) (Note 50(b)(iii)) (Note 50(b)(iv)) (Note 50(b)(v))


 At 1 January 2020                   4,368,667,868 1,000,000,000 26,931,646,975      736,558,479 3,201,193,156        191,007,682       84,117,242 11,780,607,940 48,293,799,342     237,736,093 48,531,535,435


 Changes in equity for the year
 Profit for the year                            –              –               –                –                –                –               – 7,207,452,452 7,207,452,452       54,686,902 7,262,139,354
 Other comprehensive income
   for the year                                 –              –               –                –                – (153,080,266) (716,447,510)                   – (869,527,776)               – (869,527,776)


 Total comprehensive income
   for the year                                 –              –               –                –                – (153,080,266) (716,447,510) 7,207,452,452 6,337,924,676            54,686,902 6,392,611,578


 Appropriation to surplus reserve               –              –               –     259,018,000                 –                –               – (259,018,000)               –              –              –
 Appropriation to general reserves              –              –               –                –     873,118,216                 –               – (873,118,216)               –              –              –
 Distributions to holders
   of perpetual
   subordinated bonds                           –              –               –                –                –                –               –    (57,000,000)   (57,000,000)             –    (57,000,000)
 Issuance of RMB denominated
   ordinary shares (“A Shares”)       458,589,000              – 12,573,472,492                 –                –                –               –              – 13,032,061,492              – 13,032,061,492
 Issuance of perpetual
   subordinated bonds                           – 5,000,000,000                –                –                –                –               –              – 5,000,000,000               – 5,000,000,000
 Redemption of perpetual
   subordinated bonds                           – (1,000,000,000)              –                –                –                –               –              – (1,000,000,000)             – (1,000,000,000)
 Dividends to non-controlling
   interests                                    –              –                –               –                –                –               –              –              –    (15,431,032)   (15,431,032)
 Acquisition of non-controlling
   interests                                    –              –     28,153,512                 –                –                –               –              –     28,153,512    (93,836,612)   (65,683,100)
 Liquidation of subsidiaries                    –              –                –               –                –                –               –              –              –     (2,961,379)    (2,961,379)


 At 31 December 2020                 4,827,256,868 5,000,000,000 39,533,272,979      995,576,479 4,074,311,372          37,927,416 (632,330,268) 17,798,924,176 71,634,939,022       180,193,972 71,815,132,994
210   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

      For the year ended 31 December 2020 (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                            Attributable to shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                              Reserves
                                                                                                                                                   Foreign
                                                                 Other                                                         Investment         currency                                            Non-
                                                  Share          equity          Capital         Surplus         General       revaluation      translation       Retained                      controlling            Total
                                                 capital    instruments         reserve          reserve         reserves          reserve          reserve         profits        Subtotal        interests          equity
                                            (Note 50(a))      (Note 51) (Note 50(b)(i)) (Note 50(b)(ii)) (Note 50(b)(iii)) (Note 50(b)(iv)) (Note 50(b)(v))


       At 1 January 2019                   4,192,667,868   1,000,000,000 24,822,602,955      532,495,676    2,547,710,127       41,820,298      (81,034,461) 9,127,261,314 42,183,523,777       193,212,800 42,376,736,577


       Changes in equity for the year
       Profit for the year                            –              –                –                –                 –                –              –    4,238,719,317    4,238,719,317      9,107,513    4,247,826,830
       Other comprehensive income
         for the year                                 –              –                –                –                 –    149,187,384      165,151,703                –     314,339,087               –     314,339,087


       Total comprehensive income
         for the year                                 –              –                –                –                 –    149,187,384      165,151,703    4,238,719,317    4,553,058,404      9,107,513    4,562,165,917


       Appropriation to surplus reserve               –              –                –      204,062,803                 –                –              –    (204,062,803)                –              –                –
       Appropriation to general reserves              –              –                –                –      653,483,029                 –              –    (653,483,029)                –              –                –
       Distributions to holders
         of perpetual
         subordinated bonds                           –              –                –                –                 –                –              –      (57,000,000)     (57,000,000)             –      (57,000,000)
       Dividends to shareholders                      –              –                –                –                 –                –              –    (670,826,859)    (670,826,859)              –    (670,826,859)
       Issuance of H shares                 176,000,000               –   2,109,044,020                –                 –                –              –                –    2,285,044,020              –    2,285,044,020
       Acquisition of a subsidiary
         (Note 61(b))                                 –              –                –                –                 –                –              –                –                –     44,411,965      44,411,965
       Liquidation of subsidiaries                    –              –                –                –                 –                –              –                –                –     (8,996,185)      (8,996,185)


       At 31 December 2019                 4,368,667,868   1,000,000,000 26,931,646,975      736,558,479    3,201,193,156     191,007,682       84,117,242 11,780,607,940 48,293,799,342        237,736,093 48,531,535,435




      The notes on pages 214 to 354 form part of these financial statements.
                                                                                  China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   211



Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2020 (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                       2020                   2019


 Cash flows from operating activities:


 Profit before income tax                                                                                    8,712,682,287           5,301,631,682
 Adjustments for:
 Net interest expenses on debt securities issued and others                                                  4,397,010,784           3,611,755,518
 Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                                                      1,000,778,080            913,235,412
 Provision for impairment losses under expected credit loss model                                              972,795,291            159,597,831
 Net (gains)/losses on disposal of property, equipment and other assets                                            (708,423)             6,165,220
 Foreign exchange losses/(gains) from derivatives and from others                                            2,182,256,322            (128,163,134)
 Losses on changes in fair value of financial instruments
    at fair value through profit or loss                                                                     5,921,265,185           2,764,522,596
 Interest income from financial assets at fair value through other
    comprehensive income                                                                                     (1,163,278,994)        (1,160,481,477)
 Dividend income from investments in financial assets, and share of
    profits of associates and joint ventures                                                                    (49,225,405)          (183,934,701)
 Net gains on disposal of investments                                                                          (724,905,073)          (329,902,783)


 Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                                                   21,248,670,054          10,954,426,164


 Increase in receivable from margin clients                                                                (10,777,778,021)         (5,402,373,306)
 Increase in accounts receivable, other receivables and prepayments                                        (27,611,308,094)         (6,852,979,642)
 (Increase)/decrease in reverse REPOs                                                                        (4,380,979,811)         5,251,248,559
 Increase in financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss                                    (62,275,322,604)        (39,788,859,553)
 Increase in cash held on behalf of clients                                                                (12,488,113,549)        (10,553,418,153)
 Decrease/(increase) in restricted bank deposits                                                               386,794,440            (400,882,159)
 Increase in refundable deposits                                                                             (5,269,413,596)        (3,012,242,820)
 Increase in accounts payable to brokerage clients                                                          23,055,610,235           7,019,714,725
 Increase/(decrease) in REPOs                                                                                  409,538,302         (23,930,577,902)
 Increase in other liabilities                                                                              46,000,357,613          39,738,432,988


 Cash used in operating activities, before income tax                                                      (31,701,945,031)        (26,977,511,099)
 Income tax paid                                                                                             (2,036,745,238)          (680,321,278)


 Net cash used in operating activities                                                                     (33,738,690,269)        (27,657,832,377)
212   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

      For the year ended 31 December 2020 (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                        Notes             2020               2019


       Cash flows from investing activities:


       Receipts from disposal of investments                                                    39,068,118,584     45,813,119,051
       Cash receipts of investment returns                                                         819,534,578      1,005,047,284
       Cash and cash equivalents from acquisition of a subsidiary                                             –        25,251,681
       Proceeds from disposal of property, equipment and other long-term assets                     31,576,002          1,752,207
       Purchase of investments                                                                  (47,048,454,517)   (39,902,385,252)
       Purchase of property, equipment and other assets                                           (460,252,973)      (490,421,396)
       Net cash outflows on disposal of subsidiaries                                     9        (469,103,820)                  –


       Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                                    (8,058,582,146)    6,452,363,575


       Cash flows from financing activities:


       Proceeds from issuance of beneficiary certificates                                       63,395,882,718     64,479,473,418
       Proceeds from issuance of corporate bonds                                                55,000,000,000      6,500,000,000
       Proceeds from issuance of shares                                                         13,032,061,492      2,285,044,020
       Proceeds from issuance of medium-term notes (“MTNs”)                                     11,305,914,640      6,734,400,000
       Proceeds from issuance of structured notes                                               10,529,132,195     10,350,739,565
       Proceeds from issuance of perpetual subordinated bonds                                    5,000,000,000                   –
       Proceeds from issuance of subordinated bonds                                              3,500,000,000      9,500,000,000
       Proceeds from issuance of financial bonds                                                              –     2,500,000,000
       Redemption of beneficiary certificates                                                   (57,224,339,603)   (61,273,122,933)
       Redemption of corporate bonds                                                            (19,000,000,000)    (3,224,000,000)
       Redemption of structured notes                                                           (10,773,425,640)    (5,822,951,719)
       Redemption of asset-backed securities                                                     (1,900,000,000)                 –
       Redemption of perpetual subordinated bonds                                                (1,000,000,000)                 –
       Redemption of subordinated bonds                                                          (1,000,000,000)    (2,200,000,000)
       Redemption of MTNS                                                                                     –     (3,449,400,000)
       Cash paid for dividend or interest                                                        (4,136,836,240)    (3,407,297,145)
       Dividends paid to shareholders of the Company                                                          –      (670,826,859)
       Repayment of lease liabilities                                                             (554,085,281)      (532,004,072)
       Distribution to holders of perpetual subordinated bonds                                      (57,000,000)       (57,000,000)
       Cash outflows associated with other financing activities                                   (129,280,579)        (36,182,940)


       Net cash generated from financing activities                                             65,988,023,702     21,676,871,335
                                                                         China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   213




                                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                       Notes                  2020                   2019


 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                         24,190,751,287            471,402,533
 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                            23,097,595,256          21,954,987,644
 Effect of exchange rate changes                                                                      (625,912,988)          671,205,079


 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                        37        46,662,433,555          23,097,595,256


 Net cash used in operating activities including:
    Interest received                                                                               5,904,405,665           5,443,865,416
    Interest paid                                                                                   (2,085,583,493)        (1,887,262,091)




The notes on pages 214 to 354 form part of these financial statements.
214   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      1.     GeNeRaL INFORMatION
             China International Capital Corporation Limited (中國國際金融股份有限公司) (the “Company”) was established on 25 June
             1995 in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) as approved by the People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”). On 31 July 1995, it obtained
             the Business License for Enterprise Legal Person (Qi He Guo Zi No. 000599) issued by the State Administration for Industry and
             Commerce of the PRC.


             Pursuant to a conversion completed on 1 June 2015, the Company was converted into a joint stock company with limited liability.


             The Company was listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 9 November 2015.


             The Company acquired 100% equity interests of China CICC Wealth Management Securities Company Limited (formerly known
             as China Investment Securities Company Limited) (“CICC Wealth Management”) in March 2017 and issued 1,678,461,809 domestic
             shares to Central Huijin Investment Ltd. (“Huijin”) as a consideration of the acquisition. After the completion of the acquisition, the
             registered capital and share capital of the Company increased to RMB3,985,130,809.


             The Company issued 207,537,059 new H shares to Tencent Mobility Limited in March 2018. After the completion of the issuance,
             the registered capital and share capital of the Company increased to RMB4,192,667,868.


             The Company completed general mandate of placement and issuance of 176,000,000 new H shares in October 2019. After the
             completion of the issuance, the registered capital and share capital of the Company increased to RMB4,368,667,868.


             The Company completed the issuance of 458,589,000 A Shares and was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in November 2020.
             After the completion of the issuance, the registered capital and share capital of the Company increased to RMB4,827,256,868.


             The Company’s unified social credit code is 91110000625909986U, and the registered address of the Company is the 27th and 28th
             Floor, China World Trade Center 2, 1 Jian Guo Men Wai Avenue, Beijing, the PRC. As at 31 December 2020, the Company has 23
             securities business offices and 7 branches. Please refer to Note 61 for details of subsidiaries of the Company.


             The Company and its subsidiaries (together the “Group”) are principally engaged in investment banking business, equities business,
             fixed-income, currency and commodity (“FICC”) business, asset management business, private equity business, wealth management
             business and other business activities.
                                                                                China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   215




2.   aPPLICatION OF NeW aNd aMeNdMeNts tO INteRNatIONaL FINaNCIaL
     RePORtING staNdaRds (“IFRss”)
     (a) New and amendments to IFRss that are mandatorily effective for the current year
         In the current year, the Group has applied, for the first time, the Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in
         IFRS Standards and the following amendments to IFRSs issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”)
         which are mandatorily effective for the annual period beginning on or after 1 January 2020 for the preparation of the Group’s
         consolidated financial statements:


         Amendments to International Accounting Standards                        Definition of Material
                (“IAS”) 1 and IAS 8
         Amendments to IFRS 3                                                    Definition of a Business
         Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7                                 Interest Rate Benchmark Reform

         The application of the Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards and the amendments to
         IFRSs in the current year has had no material effect on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and
         prior periods and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.


     (b) New and amendments to IFRss in issue but not yet effective
         The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective:


         Amendments to IFRS 16                                                   Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions i
         Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16                Interest Rate Benchmark Reform - Phase 2 ii
         Amendments to IAS 16                                                    Property, Plant and Equipment - Proceeds before Intended Use iii
         Amendments to IAS 37                                                    Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract iii
         Amendments to IFRS 3                                                    Reference to the Conceptual Framework iii
         Amendments to IFRS Standards                                            Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018-2020 iii
         Amendments to IAS 1                                                     Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current iv
         Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2                       Disclosure of Accounting Policies iv
         Amendments to IAS 8                                                     Definition of Accounting Estimates iv
         IFRS 17                                                                 Insurance Contracts and the related Amendments iv
         Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                                        Sale or Contribution of Assets between an
                                                                                      Investor and its Associate or Joint Venturev

         (i)        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 June 2020.

         (ii)       Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021.

         (iii)      Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022.

         (iv)       Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.

         (v)        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.

         The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of the above new and amendments to IFRSs will have no
         material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.
216   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      3.     BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
             sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes
             3.1 Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
                    The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB. For the purpose of
                    preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if omitting, misstating or obscuring it
                    is reasonably expected to influence the decisions made by primary users on the basis of the financial statements. In addition,
                    the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities
                    (“Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


                    The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain financial instruments
                    that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting policies set out below.


                    Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.


                    Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
                    market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using
                    another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the
                    characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the
                    asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated
                    financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the
                    scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment , leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 16 Leases , and
                    measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in IAS 2 Inventories
                    or value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets .


                    For financial instruments which are transacted at fair value and for which a valuation technique with unobservable inputs is
                    to be used to measure fair value in subsequent periods, the valuation technique is calibrated so that at initial recognition the
                    results of the valuation technique equal the transaction price or investment cost.


                    In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level I, II or III based on the
                    degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value
                    measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:


                    –      Level I inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access
                           at the measurement date;


                    –      Level II inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level I, that are observable for the asset or liability,
                           either directly or indirectly; and


                    –      Level III inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.


                    The principal accounting policies are set out below.
                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   217




3.   BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
     sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
     3.2 significant accounting policies
         (a)   Basis of consolidation
               (i)   Business combinations
                     The Group accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when control is transferred to the
                     Group. The consideration transferred in a business combination is generally measured at fair value, as well as the
                     identifiable net assets acquired. Any goodwill that arises is tested annually for impairment. Any gain on a bargain
                     purchase is recognised in profit or loss immediately. Transaction costs are expensed as incurred, except if related
                     to the issue of debt or equity securities.


                     At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair
                     value, except that:


                     –     deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are
                           recognised and measured in accordance with IAS 12 Income Taxes and IAS 19 Employee Benefits
                           respectively;


                     –     assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-current Assets
                           Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that standard; and


                     –     lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments (as
                           defined in IFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except for leases for
                           which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the underlying asset is of
                           low value. Right-of-use assets are recognised and measured at the same amount as the relevant lease
                           liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when compared with market
                           terms.


                     The consideration transferred does not include amounts related to the settlement of pre-existing relationships.
                     Such amounts are generally recognised in profit or loss.


                     Any contingent consideration is measured at fair value at the date of acquisition. If an obligation to pay
                     contingent consideration that meets the definition of a financial instrument is classified as equity, then it is
                     not remeasured and settlement is accounted for within equity. Otherwise, other contingent consideration is
                     remeasured at fair value at each reporting date and subsequent changes in the fair value of the contingent
                     consideration are recognised in profit or loss.
218   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      3.     BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
             sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
             3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
                    (a)    Basis of consolidation (continued)
                           (ii)   subsidiaries and non-controlling interests
                                  Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights,
                                  to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its
                                  power over the entity. When assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group
                                  and other parties) are considered.


                                  An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the financial statements from the date that control
                                  commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any
                                  unrealised gains arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full when preparing the financial
                                  statements. Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as
                                  unrealised gains but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.


                                  Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the Group,
                                  and in respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those interests
                                  which would result in the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that
                                  meets the definition of a financial liability. For each business combination, the Group can elect to measure
                                  any non-controlling interests either at fair value or at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the
                                  subsidiary’s net identifiable assets.


                                  Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity,
                                  separately from equity attributable to shareholders of the Company. Non-controlling interests in the results of
                                  the Group are presented on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
                                  income as an allocation of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between holders
                                  of non-controlling interests and shareholders of the Company.


                                  Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity
                                  transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within
                                  consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and
                                  no gain or loss is recognised. Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are
                                  adjusted, and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed
                                  to owners of the Company.
                                                                        China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report       219




3.   BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
     sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
     3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
         (a)   Basis of consolidation (continued)
               (ii)   subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (continued)
                      When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that
                      subsidiary. Any gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss and is calculated as the difference between (i) the
                      aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value of any retained interest and (ii) the
                      carrying amount of the assets (including goodwill), and liabilities of the subsidiary attributable to the owner of
                      the Company. All amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary
                      are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities of the subsidiary (i.e.
                      reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable
                      IFRSs). Any interest retained in that former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is recognised at fair value
                      and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note 3.2(e)) or, when
                      appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or a joint venture (see Note 3.2(a)(iii)).


                      In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less impairment
                      losses (see Note 3.2(k)), unless the investment is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is
                      classified as held for sale).


               (iii) associates and joint ventures
                      An associate is an entity in which the Group has significant influence, but not control or joint control, over its
                      management, including participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.


                      A joint venture is an arrangement whereby the Group and other parties contractually agree to share control of
                      the arrangement, and have rights to the net assets of the arrangement.


                      An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for in the financial statements under the equity
                      method, unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as held for sale).
                      Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s
                      share of the acquisition-date fair values of the investee’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment
                      (if any). The cost of the investment includes purchase price, other costs directly attributable to the acquisition
                      of the investment, and any direct investment into the associate or joint venture that forms part of the Group’s
                      equity investment. Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s
                      share of the investee’s net assets and any impairment loss relating to the investment (see Note 3.2(k)). Any
                      acquisition-date excess over cost, the Group’s share of the post-acquisition post-tax results of the investees and
                      any impairment losses for the year are recognised in the Group’s profit or loss, whereas the Group’s share of the
                      post-acquisition post-tax items of the investee’s other comprehensive income is recognised in the Group’s other
                      comprehensive income.


                      When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or the joint venture, the Group’s interest is
                      reduced to nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred
                      legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose, the Group’s
                      interest is the carrying amount of the investment under the equity method together with any other long-term
                      interests that in substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate or the joint venture.
220   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      3.     BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
             sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
             3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
                    (a)    Basis of consolidation (continued)
                           (iii) associates and joint ventures (continued)
                                  Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates or joint ventures
                                  are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee, except where unrealised losses provide
                                  evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or
                                  loss.


                                  If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained interest is
                                  not remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method.


                                  In all other cases, when the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over
                                  a joint venture, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or
                                  loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when significant
                                  influence or joint control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial
                                  recognition of a financial asset (see Note 3.2(e)).


                                  In the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position, investments in associates and joint ventures are
                                  accounted for under the equity method, unless classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is
                                  classified as held for sale).


                    (b)    Goodwill
                           Goodwill represents the excess of:


                           (i)    the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in
                                  the acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree; over


                           (ii)   the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition date.


                           When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a bargain purchase.


                           Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill arising on a business combination is allocated
                           to each cash-generating unit (“CGU”), or groups of cash-generating units (“CGUs”), that is expected to benefit from the
                           synergies of the combination and is tested annually for impairment (see Note 3.2(k)).


                           On disposal of a CGU during the year, any attributable amount of purchased goodwill is included in the calculation of
                           the profit or loss on disposal.
                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   221




3.   BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
     sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
     3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
         (c)   Foreign currency
               (i)    translation of foreign currencies
                      When the Group receives capital in foreign currencies from investors, the capital is translated to RMB at the
                      spot exchange rates ruling at the date of receipt. Other foreign currency transactions are, on initial recognition,
                      translated to RMB at the exchange rates that approximate the spot exchange rate ruling at the transaction dates.


                      A spot exchange rate is quoted by the PBOC, the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or a cross rate
                      determined based on quoted exchange rates. A rate that approximates the spot exchange rate is determined by
                      a systematic and rational method, normally the average exchange rate of the current period.


                      Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated to RMB at the spot exchange
                      rates ruling at the end of the year. Exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss, except those
                      arising from foreign currency used to hedge a net investment in a foreign operation that are recognised in other
                      comprehensive income.


                      Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
                      translated to RMB using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. Non-monetary assets and
                      liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at fair value are translated to RMB using the foreign
                      exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value is measured. The exchange differences are recognised in profit
                      or loss, except for the exchange differences arising from the translation of non-monetary financial assets at fair
                      value through other comprehensive income which are recognised in other comprehensive income.


               (ii)   Foreign operations
                      The results of foreign operations are translated to RMB at the exchange rates approximating the spot exchange
                      rate ruling at the transaction dates. Statement of financial position items are translated to RMB at the closing
                      foreign exchange rates at the end of the year. The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other
                      comprehensive income and accumulated separately in equity in the foreign currency translation reserve.


                      Upon disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the exchange differences relating to that
                      foreign operation is reclassified from equity to profit or loss when the profit or loss on disposal is recognised.
222   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      3.     BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
             sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
             3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
                    (d)    Cash and cash equivalents
                           Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash and bank balances, demand deposits with banks and other institutions, and
                           short-term, highly liquid investments which are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and which are subject
                           to an insignificant risk of change in value.


                    (e)    Financial instruments
                           (i)    Recognition and initial measurement
                                  Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual
                                  provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and
                                  derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that
                                  require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.


                                  A financial asset (unless it is a trade receivable without a significant financing component) or financial liability
                                  is initially measured at fair value plus, for an item not at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), transaction
                                  costs that are directly attributable to its acquisition or issue. A trade receivable without a significant financing
                                  component is initially measured at the transaction price.


                                  The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial
                                  liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest
                                  rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points
                                  paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums
                                  or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter
                                  period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.


                                  For purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, a credit-adjusted effective interest rate is calculated
                                  by discounting the estimated future cash flows, including expected credit losses, to the amortised cost on initial
                                  recognition.
                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report      223




3.   BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
     sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
     3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
         (e)   Financial instruments (continued)
               (ii)   Classification and subsequent measurement
                      (1)   Financial assets

                            On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as measured at: amortised cost; fair value through other
                            comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”) (including debt investment and equity investment); or FVTPL.


                            Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition unless the Group changes its
                            business model for managing financial assets, in which case all affected financial assets are reclassified on
                            the first day of the first reporting period following the change in the business model.


                            A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not
                            designated as at FVTPL:


                            –     it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows;
                                  and


                            –     its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
                                  and interest on the principal amount outstanding (“SPPI”).


                            A debt investment is measured at FVTOCI if it meets both of the following conditions and is not
                            designated as at FVTPL:


                            –     it is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash
                                  flows and selling financial assets; and


                            –     its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
                                  and interest on the principal amount outstanding (“SPPI”).


                            On initial recognition of an equity investment that is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration
                            recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 Business Combinations applies,
                            the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in the investment’s fair value in other
                            comprehensive income (OCI). This election is made on an investment-by-investment basis.
224   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      3.     BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
             sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
             3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
                    (e)    Financial instruments (continued)
                           (ii)   Classification and subsequent measurement (continued)
                                  (1)    Financial assets (continued)

                                         All financial assets not classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI as described above are
                                         measured at FVTPL. This includes all derivative financial assets. On initial recognition, the Group may
                                         irrevocably designate a financial asset that otherwise meets the requirements to be measured at
                                         amortised cost or at FVTOCI as at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting
                                         mismatch that would otherwise arise.


                                         Financial assets – Business model assessment


                                         The Group makes an assessment of the objective of the business model in which a financial asset is held
                                         at a portfolio level because this best reflects the way the business is managed and information is provided
                                         to management. The information considered includes:


                                         –      the stated policies and objectives for the portfolio and the operation of those policies in practice.
                                                These include whether management’s strategy focuses on earning contractual interest income,
                                                maintaining a particular interest rate profile, matching the duration of the financial assets to the
                                                duration of any related liabilities or expected cash outflows or realising cash flows through the sale
                                                of the assets;


                                         –      how the performance of the portfolio is evaluated and reported to the Group’s management;


                                         –      the risks that affect the performance of the business model (and the financial assets held within that
                                                business model) and how those risks are managed;
                                                                        China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report    225




3.   BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
     sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
     3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
         (e)   Financial instruments (continued)
               (ii)   Classification and subsequent measurement (continued)
                      (1)   Financial assets (continued)

                            Financial assets – Business model assessment (continued)


                            –     how managers of the business are compensated – e.g. whether compensation is based on the fair
                                  value of the assets managed or the contractual cash flows collected; and


                            –     the frequency, volume and timing of sales of financial assets in prior periods, the reasons for such
                                  sales and expectations about future sales activity.


                            Transfers of financial assets to third parties in transactions that do not qualify for derecognition are not
                            considered sales for this purpose, consistent with the Group’s continuing recognition of the assets.


                            Financial assets that are held for trading or are managed and whose performance is evaluated on a fair
                            value basis are measured at FVTPL.


                            Financial assets – The “SPPI” assessment


                            For the purposes of this assessment, ‘principal’ is defined as the fair value of the financial asset on initial
                            recognition. ‘Interest’ is defined as consideration for the time value of money and for the credit risk
                            associated with the principal amount outstanding during a particular period of time and for other basic
                            lending risks and costs (e.g. liquidity risk and administrative costs), as well as a profit margin.


                            In assessing whether the contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest, the Group
                            considers the contractual terms of the instrument. This includes assessing whether the financial asset
                            contains a contractual term that could change the timing or amount of contractual cash flows such that it
                            would not meet this condition. In making this assessment, the Group considers:


                            –     contingent events that would change the amount or timing of cash flows;


                            –     terms that may adjust the contractual coupon rate, including variable-rate features;


                            –     prepayment and extension features; and


                            –     terms that limit the Group’s claim to cash flows from specified assets (e.g. non-recourse features).
226   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      3.     BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
             sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
             3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
                    (e)    Financial instruments (continued)
                           (ii)   Classification and subsequent measurement (continued)
                                  (1)    Financial assets (continued)

                                         Financial assets – The “SPPI” assessment (continued)

                                         A prepayment feature is consistent with the solely payments of principal and interest criterion if the
                                         prepayment amount substantially represents unpaid amounts of principal and interest on the principal
                                         amount outstanding, which may include reasonable additional compensation for early termination of the
                                         contract. Additionally, for a financial asset acquired at a discount or premium to its contractual paramount,
                                         a feature that permits or requires prepayment at an amount that substantially represents the contractual
                                         par amount plus accrued (but unpaid) contractual interest (which may also include reasonable additional
                                         compensation for early termination) is treated as consistent with this criterion if the fair value of the
                                         prepayment feature is insignificant at initial recognition.


                                         Financial assets – Subsequent measurement and gains and losses

                                         Financial assets classified          These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Net gains and
                                           as at FVTPL                        losses, including any interest or dividend income, are recognised in
                                                                              profit or loss.

                                         Financial assets classified          These assets are subsequently measured at amortised cost using
                                           as at amortised cost               the effective interest method. The amortised cost is reduced by
                                                                              impairment losses. Interest income, foreign exchange gains and
                                                                              losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or
                                                                              loss on derecognition is recognised in profit or loss. For purchased
                                                                              or originated credit-impaired financial assets, the Group recognises
                                                                              interest by applying the credit-adjusted effective interest rate to the
                                                                              amortised cost of the financial asset from initial recognition. The
                                                                              calculation does not revert to the gross basis even if the credit risk of
                                                                              the financial asset subsequently improves so that the financial asset
                                                                              is no longer credit-impaired.

                                         Debt investments classified          These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Interest income
                                           as at FVTOCI                       calculated using the effective interest method, foreign exchange
                                                                              gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss.
                                                                              Other net gains and losses are recognised in OCI. On derecognition,
                                                                              gains and losses accumulated in OCI are reclassified to profit or loss.

                                         Equity investments classified        These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Dividends are
                                           as at FVTOCI                       recognised as income in profit or loss unless the dividend clearly
                                                                              represents a recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Other net
                                                                              gains and losses are recognised in OCI and are never reclassified to
                                                                              profit or loss.
                                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report      227




3.   BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
     sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
     3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
         (e)   Financial instruments (continued)
               (ii)   Classification and subsequent measurement (continued)
                      (2)   Impairment of financial assets

                            The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model and
                            correspondingly recognises loss allowances on the following items:


                            –     financial assets measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents, receivable from
                                  margin clients, reverse REPOs, trade and other receivables in accordance with IFRS 15 and loans to
                                  associates and joint ventures);


                            –     debt investment measured at FVTOCI; and


                            –     contract assets in accordance with IFRS 15.


                            The Group measures the loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, except for the following,
                            which are measured at 12-month ECLs:


                            –     debt securities that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date; and


                            –     other debt securities and bank balances for which credit risk (i.e. the risk of default occurring over
                                  the expected life of the financial instrument) has not increased significantly since initial recognition.


                            The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivable and contract assets that result from
                            transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 15, and that do not contain a significant financing
                            component in accordance with IFRS 15 (or when the group applies the practical expedient in accordance
                            with IFRS 15). The ECL on these assets are assessed individually for debtors with significant balances and/
                            or collectively using a provision matrix with appropriate groupings.


                            The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial
                            recognition.


                            When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial
                            recognition and when estimating ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information
                            that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative
                            information and analysis, based on the Group’s historical experience and informed credit assessment and
                            including forward-looking information.
228   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      3.     BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
             sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
             3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
                    (e)    Financial instruments (continued)
                           (ii)   Classification and subsequent measurement (continued)
                                  (2)    Impairment of financial assets (continued)

                                         In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
                                         increased significantly:


                                         –      significant changes in external market indicators of credit risk for a particular financial instruments
                                                or similar financial instruments with the same expected life;


                                         –      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external or internal (if
                                                available) credit rating;


                                         –      an actual or expected internal credit rating downgrade for the borrower;


                                         –      existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected
                                                to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;


                                         –      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;


                                         –      an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                                                environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its
                                                debt obligations;


                                         –      significant deterioration in the value of the collateral supporting the obligation or the quality of
                                                third-party guarantees or credit enhancements;


                                         –      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the quality of credit enhancement;


                                         –      significant changes in the expected performance and behavior of the borrower.


                                         Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial
                                         asset has increased significantly if it is more than 30 days past due.


                                         Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the Group identifies significant changes in credit
                                         risk on individual financial instruments or a group or sub-group of financial instruments. For purpose of
                                         determining significant increases in credit risk on a collective basis, the Group groups financial instruments
                                         on the basis of shared credit risk characteristics, which may include, past-due status and credit risk ratings.
                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   229




3.   BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
     sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
     3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
         (e)   Financial instruments (continued)
               (ii)   Classification and subsequent measurement (continued)
                      (2)   Impairment of financial assets (continued)

                            The Group considers a financial asset to be in default when:


                            –     the borrower is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the
                                  Group to actions such as realising security (if any is held); or


                            –     the financial asset is more than 90 days past due.


                            Lifetime ECLs are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial
                            instrument.


                            12-month ECLs are the portion of ECLs that result from default events that are possible within the 12
                            months after the reporting date (or a shorter period if the expected life of the instrument is less than 12
                            months).


                            The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which
                            the Group is exposed to credit risk.


                            Measurement of ECLs


                            ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value
                            of all cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the
                            contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive).


                            ECLs are discounted at the effective interest rate of the financial asset.
230   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      3.     BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
             sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
             3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
                    (e)    Financial instruments (continued)
                           (ii)   Classification and subsequent measurement (continued)
                                  (2)    Impairment of financial assets (continued)

                                         Credit-impaired financial assets


                                         At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether financial assets carried at amortised cost and debt
                                         securities at FVTOCI are credit-impaired. A financial asset is ‘credit-impaired’ when one or more events that
                                         have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.


                                         Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable data:


                                         –      significant financial difficulty of the borrower or issuer;


                                         –      a breach of contract such as a default or being more than 90 days past due;


                                         –      the restructuring of a loan or advance by the Group on terms that the Group would not consider
                                                otherwise;


                                         –      it is probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;


                                         –      the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties;


                                         –      the purchase or origination of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects the incurred credit
                                                losses.


                                         Presentation of allowance for ECL in the statement of financial position


                                         The allowances for ECL for financial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted from the gross
                                         carrying amount of the assets.


                                         For debt securities at FVTOCI, the allowance for ECL is charged to profit or loss and is recognised in OCI.


                                         Write-off policy


                                         The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off when the Group has no reasonable
                                         expectations of recovering a financial asset in its entirety or a portion thereof. The Group expects no
                                         significant recovery from the amount written off. However, financial assets that are written off could
                                         still be subject to enforcement activities in order to comply with the Group’s procedures for recovery of
                                         amounts due.
                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report      231




3.   BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
     sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
     3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
         (e)   Financial instruments (continued)
               (ii)   Classification and subsequent measurement (continued)
                      (3)   Financial liabilities and equity – Classification, subsequent measurement and gains and losses

                            Equity instruments


                            An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
                            deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Group are recognised at the proceeds
                            received, net of direct issue costs.


                            Perpetual instruments, which include no contractual obligation for the Group to deliver cash or other
                            financial assets or of which the Group has the sole discretion to indefinitely defer payment for distribution
                            or redemption are classified as equity instruments.


                            Repurchase of the Group’s own equity instruments is recognised in and deducted directly from equity. No
                            gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss for the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Group’s own
                            equity instruments.


                            Financial liabilities


                            Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTPL. A financial liability is classified
                            as at FVTPL if it is classified as held-for-trading, it is a derivative or it is designated as such on initial
                            recognition. Financial liabilities at FVTPL are measured at fair value and net gains and losses, including
                            any interest expense, are recognised in profit or loss. Other financial liabilities are subsequently measured
                            at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense and foreign exchange gains and
                            losses are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is also recognised in profit or loss.


               (iii) derecognition
                      Financial assets

                      The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset
                      expire, or it transfers the contractual rights to receive the cash flows of the financial asset in a transaction in
                      which substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred or in which the
                      Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership and does not retain
                      control of the financial asset.


                      The Group enters into transactions whereby it transfers assets recognised in its statement of financial position,
                      but retains either all or substantially all of the risks and rewards of the transferred assets. In these cases, the
                      transferred assets are not derecognised.
232   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      3.     BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
             sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
             3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
                    (e)    Financial instruments (continued)
                           (iii) derecognition (continued)
                                  Financial liabilities

                                  The Group derecognises a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged, cancelled, or
                                  expired. The Group also derecognises a financial liability when the terms of the financial liability are substantially
                                  modified and the cash flows of the modified liability are substantially different, in which case a new financial
                                  liability based on the modified terms is recognised at fair value.


                                  On derecognition of a financial liability, the difference between the carrying amount extinguished and the
                                  consideration paid (including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed) is recognised in profit or
                                  loss.


                           (iv) Offsetting
                                  Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of financial
                                  position when, and only when, the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the amounts and it
                                  intends either to settle them on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.


                           (v)    Fair value measurement principles
                                  If there is an active market for a financial asset or financial liability, the quoted market price without adjusting for
                                  transaction costs that may be incurred upon future disposal or settlement is used to establish the fair value of
                                  the financial asset or financial liability. For a financial asset held or a financial liability to be assumed, the quoted
                                  price is the current bid price. For a financial asset to be acquired or a financial liability assumed, the quoted price
                                  is the current asking price. Quoted prices from an active market are prices that are readily and regularly available
                                  from an exchange, dealer, broker, industry group or pricing service agency, and represent actual and regularly
                                  occurring market transactions on an arm’s length basis.


                                  If no active market exists for a financial instrument, a valuation technique is used to establish the fair value.
                                  Valuation techniques include using recent arm’s length market transactions between knowledgeable willing
                                  parties, reference to the current fair value of another instrument that is substantially the same, discounted cash
                                  flow analysis and option pricing models. Where discounted cash flow technique is used, future cash flows are
                                  estimated based on management’s best estimates and the discount rate used is the prevailing market rate
                                  applicable for instrument with similar terms and conditions at the end of the year. Where other pricing models
                                  are used, inputs are based on market data at the end of the year.


                                  In estimating the fair value of a financial asset or financial liability, the Group considers all factors including, but
                                  not limited to, risk-free interest rate, credit risk, foreign exchange rate and market volatility, that are likely to
                                  affect the fair value of the financial asset or financial liability.


                                  The Group obtains market data from the same market where the financial instrument was originated or
                                  purchased.
                                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   233




3.   BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
     sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
     3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
         (e)   Financial instruments (continued)
               (vi) derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting
                    (1)   Derivative financial instruments

                          Derivative financial instruments are initially measured at fair value at the date a derivative contract is
                          entered into and are subsequently measured at fair value. Changes in fair value of these derivative
                          financial instruments other than those designated as hedging instrument are recognised in profit or loss.
                          Fair values are obtained from quoted market prices in active market or are determined using valuation
                          techniques, including discounted cash flow model and options pricing model as appropriate.


                          A derivative instrument is recognised as an asset when the fair value is positive and as a liability when the
                          fair value is negative.


                          Derivatives embedded in hybrid contracts that contain financial asset hosts within the scope of IFRS 9 are
                          not separated. The entire hybrid contract is classified and subsequently measured in its entirety as either
                          amortised cost or fair value as appropriate.


                          Derivatives embedded in non-derivative host contracts that are not financial assets within the scope
                          of IFRS 9 are treated as separate derivatives when they meet the definition of a derivative, their risks
                          and characteristics are not closely related to those of the host contracts and the host contracts are not
                          measured at FVTPL.


                    (2)   Hedge accounting

                          At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Group formally designates and documents the hedge
                          relationship to which the Group wishes to apply hedge accounting and the risk management objective
                          and strategy for undertaking the hedge. The documentation includes identification of the hedging
                          instrument, the hedged item, the nature of the risk being hedged and how the entity will assess whether
                          the hedging relationship meets the hedge effectiveness requirements.


                          Certain derivative transactions, while providing effective economic hedges under the Group’s risk
                          management positions, do not qualify for hedge accounting and are therefore treated as derivatives held
                          for trading with fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss.
234   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      3.     BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
             sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
             3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
                    (e)    Financial instruments (continued)
                           (vi) derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting (continued)
                                  (2)    Hedge accounting (continued)

                                         Assessment of hedging relationship and effectiveness


                                         For hedge effectiveness assessment, the Group considers whether the hedging instrument is effective in
                                         offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, which is
                                         when the hedging relationships meet all of the following hedge effectiveness requirements:


                                         –      there is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;


                                         –      the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic
                                                relationship; and


                                         –      the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the
                                                hedged item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the
                                                entity actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.


                                         If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge
                                         ratio but the risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same, the
                                         Group adjusts the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances the hedge) so that it meets the
                                         qualifying criteria again.


                                         Hedges which meet the strict criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for in accordance with the
                                         Group’s accounting policy as set out below.
                                                                        China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   235




3.   BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
     sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
     3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
         (e)   Financial instruments (continued)
               (vi) derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting (continued)
                     (3)    Fair value hedges

                            Fair value hedges are hedges of the Group’s exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognised asset
                            or liability or an unrecognised firm commitment, or an identified portion of such an asset, liability or
                            unrecognised firm commitment, that is attributable to a particular risk and could affect the profit or loss.
                            For fair value hedges, the carrying amount of the hedged item is adjusted for gains and losses attributable
                            to the risk being hedged, the derivative is remeasured at fair value and the gains and losses from both are
                            taken to profit or loss.


                            For hedged items recorded at amortised cost, the difference between the carrying value of the hedged
                            item and the face value is amortised over the remaining term of the original hedge using the effective
                            interest rate method. When an unrecognised firm commitment is designated as a hedged item, the
                            subsequent cumulative change in the fair value of the firm commitment attributable to the hedged
                            risk is recognised as an asset or liability with a corresponding gain or loss recognised in profit or loss.
                            The changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument are also recognised in profit or loss. For debt
                            instruments measured at FVTOCI, the carrying amount is not adjusted as it is already at fair value, but the
                            hedging gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss instead of other comprehensive income. When the
                            hedged item is an equity instrument designated at FVTOCI, the hedging gain or loss remains in other
                            comprehensive income to match that of the hedging instrument.


                            The Group discontinues fair value hedge accounting if the hedging instrument expires or is sold,
                            terminated or exercised, the hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting. If the hedged
                            items are derecognised, the unamortised fair value is recorded in profit or loss.


         (f)   Financial assets held under resale agreements and financial assets sold under repurchase
               agreements
               Financial assets purchased under agreements to resell are reported not as purchases of the assets but as receivables
               and are carried in the statement of financial position at amortised cost.


               Financial assets sold subject to a simultaneous agreement to repurchase these assets are retained in the statement of
               financial position and measured in accordance with their original measurement principles. The proceeds from the sale
               are reported as liabilities and are carried at amortised cost.


               Interest earned on resale agreements and interest incurred on repurchase agreements are recognised respectively as
               interest income and interest expenses over the life of each agreement using the effective interest method.
236   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      3.     BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
             sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
             3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
                    (g)    Property and equipment
                           (i)    Recognition and measurement
                                  Items of property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (Note
                                  3.2(k)). Property and equipment under construction is stated at cost less impairment losses (Note 3.2(k)).


                                  The cost of a purchased property and equipment asset comprises the purchase price, related taxes, and any
                                  expenditure directly attributable to bringing the asset into working condition for its intended use.


                                  All direct and indirect costs that are related to the construction of property and equipment and incurred before
                                  the assets are ready for their intended use are capitalised as the cost of construction in progress.


                           (ii)   subsequent costs
                                  The subsequent costs including the cost of replacing part of an item of property or equipment are recognised in
                                  the carrying amount of the item if the recognition criteria are satisfied, and the carrying amount of the replaced
                                  part is derecognised. The costs of the day-to-day servicing of property and equipment are recognised in profit
                                  or loss as incurred.


                           (iii) depreciation
                                  Depreciation is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of property and
                                  equipment. Where the individual component parts of an item of property and equipment have different useful
                                  lives or provide benefits to the Group in different patterns, each part is depreciated separately. The estimated
                                  useful lives and the rate of net residual values of each class of property and equipment are as follows:


                                                                                                                 Estimated        Estimated rate of
                                                                                                                 useful life     net residual value


                                    Buildings                                                                  20 – 35 years                 3% – 5%
                                    Office equipment                                                             2 – 5 years               0% – 10%
                                    Furniture and fixtures                                                       3 – 5 years               0% – 10%
                                    Motor vehicles                                                               3 – 5 years               0% – 10%
                                    Leasehold improvements                                                    Benefit period                      Nil


                                  No depreciation is provided in respect of property and equipment under construction.


                                  Depreciation methods, useful lives and net residual values are reassessed at the end of the reporting period.
                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report     237




3.   BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
     sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
     3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
         (g)   Property and equipment (continued)
               (iv) Gains or losses from the retirement or disposal
                      Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of property and equipment are determined as the
                      difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognised in profit
                      or loss on the date of disposal or retirement.


         (h)   Leases
               (i)    definition of a lease
                      A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a
                      period of time in exchange for consideration.


               (ii)   the Group as a lessee
                      Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

                      For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the
                      consideration is allocated in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price
                      of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.


                      The Group also applies practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease component,
                      and instead to account for the lease component and any associated non-lease components as a single lease
                      component.


                      Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

                      The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases that have a lease term of 12 months
                      or less from the commencement date (i.e. the date the underlying asset is available for use) and do not contain
                      a purchase option. It also applies the recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets. Lease payments on
                      short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease
                      term.
238   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      3.     BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
             sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
             3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
                    (h)    Leases (continued)
                           (ii)   the Group as a lessee (continued)
                                  Right-of-use assets

                                  Except for short-term leases and leases of low value assets, the Group recognises right-of-use assets at the
                                  commencement date of the lease. Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation
                                  and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.


                                  The cost of right-of-use asset includes:


                                  –      the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;


                                  –      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;


                                  –      any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and


                                  –      an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets,
                                         restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the
                                         terms and conditions of the lease.


                                  Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased assets
                                  at the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life. Otherwise,
                                  a right-of-use asset is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the
                                  lease term.


                                  The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
                                  position.


                                  Refundable rental deposits

                                  Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted for under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (“IFRS 9”) and initially
                                  measured at fair value. Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease
                                  payments and included in the cost of right-of-use assets.


                                  Lease liabilities

                                  At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the present
                                  value of the lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the
                                  Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the
                                  lease is not readily determinable.
                                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   239




3.   BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
     sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
     3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
         (h)   Leases (continued)
               (ii)   the Group as a lessee (continued)
                      Lease liabilities (continued)

                      The lease payments include:


                      –     fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;


                      –     variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at
                            the commencement date;


                      –     amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees;


                      –     the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise the options; and


                      –     payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising an option
                            to terminate the lease.


                      After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.


                      The Group remeasures the lease liability (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use
                      asset) whenever:


                      –     the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option, in
                            which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a
                            revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.


                      –     the lease payments change due to changes in an index or a change in expected payment under a
                            guaranteed residual value, in which cases the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the
                            revised lease payments using the initial discount rate.


                      The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.
240   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      3.     BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
             sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
             3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
                    (h)    Leases (continued)
                           (ii)   the Group as a lessee (continued)
                                  Lease modifications

                                  The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:


                                  –      the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying
                                         assets; and


                                  –      the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price for the
                                         increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the circumstances
                                         of the particular contract.


                                  For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability,
                                  less any lease incentives receivable, based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised
                                  lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.


                                  The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to
                                  the relevant right-of-use asset. When the modified contract contains a lease component and one or more
                                  additional lease or non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the modified contract to
                                  each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate
                                  stand-alone price of the non-lease components.


                                  Taxation

                                  For the purposes of measuring deferred tax arising from the recognition of right-of-use assets and related lease
                                  liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the
                                  lease liabilities. Temporary differences associated with right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are not recognised
                                  when the Group initially recognising the assets and liabilities and over the lease terms as a result of applying the
                                  initial recognition exemption of deferred tax under IAS 12 Income Taxes .


                    (i)    Intangible assets
                           Intangible assets are stated in the statement of financial position at cost less accumulated amortisation (where the
                           estimated useful life is finite) and impairment losses (Note 3.2(k)).


                           Useful lives of intangible assets are determined as the period that the assets are expected to generate economic
                           benefits for the Group, and when there is no foreseeable limit on the period of time over which the asset is expected
                           to generate economic benefits for the Group, the intangible assets are regarded as having indefinite useful life.
                                                                        China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   241




3.   BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
     sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
     3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
         (i)   Intangible assets (continued)
               Amortisation of an intangible asset with finite useful life is charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over its
               estimated useful life. Both the period and method of amortisation are reviewed annually.


               Intangible assets are not amortised while their useful lives are assessed to be indefinite. Any conclusion that the useful
               life of an intangible asset is indefinite is reviewed annually to determine whether events and circumstances continue
               to support the indefinite useful life assessment for that asset. If they do not, the change in the useful life assessment
               from indefinite to finite is accounted for prospectively from the date of change and in accordance with the policy for
               amortisation of intangible assets with finite lives as set out above.


               The self-developed software and software acquired from third party shall be amortised over 3 to 5 years. The trade
               mark right and the securities trading seat rights in mainland China shall be amortised over 10 years.


               Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.


               An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development phase of an
               internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:


               –     the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;


               –     the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;


               –     the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;


               –     how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;


               –     the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use or
                     sell the intangible asset; and


               –     the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development.


               The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure incurred from
               the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no internally-generated
               intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is recognised in profit or loss in the period in which it is
               incurred.


               Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less accumulated
               amortisation and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired
               separately.
242   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      3.     BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
             sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
             3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
                    (j)    Contract assets and contract liabilities
                           A contract asset is recognised when the Group recognises revenue (see Note 3.2(o)) before being unconditionally
                           entitled to the consideration under the payment terms set out in the contract. Contract assets are assessed for ECLs
                           in accordance with the policy set out in Note 3.2(e)(ii)(2) and are reclassified to receivables when the right to the
                           consideration has become unconditional.


                           A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays consideration before the Group recognises the related
                           revenue (see Note 3.2(o)). A contract liability would also be recognised if the Group has an unconditional right to
                           receive consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue. In such cases, a corresponding receivable
                           would also be recognised.


                           For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is presented. For multiple
                           contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are not presented on a net basis. When the
                           contract includes a significant financing component, the contract balance includes interest accrued under the effective
                           interest method (see Note 3.2(o)(v)).


                    (k)    Impairment of non-financial assets
                           Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of year to identify indications that the following
                           assets may be impaired or an impairment loss previously recognised no longer exists or may have decreased:


                           –      property and equipment (other than properties carried at revalued amounts);


                           –      intangible assets;


                           –      right-of-use assets;


                           –      investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures; and


                           –      goodwill.


                           If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In addition, for goodwill and intangible assets
                           that are not yet available for use and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives, the recoverable amounts are
                           estimated annually whether or not there is any indication of impairment.
                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report    243




3.   BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
     sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
     3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
         (k)   Impairment of non-financial assets (continued)
               –     Calculation of recoverable amount
                     The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In
                     assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
                     discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to
                     the asset. Where an asset does not generate cash inflows largely independent of those from other assets, the
                     recoverable amount is determined for the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows independently
                     (i.e. a CGU).


               –     Recognition of impairment losses
                     An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss if the carrying amount of an asset, or the CGU to which it
                     belongs, exceeds its recoverable amount. Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGU are allocated first to
                     reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU (or group of units) and then, to reduce the
                     carrying amount of the other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro rata basis, except that the carrying
                     value of an asset will not be reduced below its individual fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable) or value
                     in use (if determinable).


               –     Reversals of impairment losses
                     In respect of assets other than goodwill, an impairment loss is reversed if there has been a favorable change
                     in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not
                     reversed.


                     A reversal of an impairment loss is limited to the asset’s carrying amount that would have been determined had
                     no impairment loss been recognised in prior years. Reversals of impairment losses are credited to profit or loss in
                     the year in which the reversals are recognised.


         (l)   Provisions and contingent liabilities
               Provisions are recognised when the Group has a legal or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it
               is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can
               be made. Where the time value of money is material, provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditure
               expected to settle the obligation.
244   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      3.     BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
             sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
             3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
                    (l)    Provisions and contingent liabilities (continued)
                           Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated
                           reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is
                           remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or
                           more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is
                           remote.


                    (m) employee benefits
                           (i)    short-term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution retirement plans
                                  Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave, contributions to defined contribution retirement plans and the cost
                                  of non-monetary benefits are accrued in the period in which the associated services are rendered by employees.
                                  Where payment or settlement is deferred and the effect would be material, these amounts are stated at their
                                  present values.


                                  Pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC, the Group participated in the social pension schemes
                                  for employees arranged by local government labour and security authorities. The Group makes contributions
                                  to the retirement schemes at the applicable rates based on the amount stipulated by the government. The
                                  contributions are charged to profit or loss on an accrual basis. When employees retire, the local labour and
                                  security authorities are responsible for the payment of the basic retirement benefits to the retired employees.


                           (ii)   Other long-term employee benefits
                                  The Group’s net obligation in respect of long-term employee benefits is the amount of future benefit that
                                  employees have earned in return for their service in the current and prior periods. That benefit is discounted to
                                  determine its present value. Remeasurements are recognised in profit of loss in the period in which they arise.


                           (iii) termination benefits
                                  Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those
                                  benefits and when it recognises restructuring costs involving the payment of termination benefits.


                    (n)    Offsetting
                           Income and expenses are presented on a net basis only when permitted by the accounting standards, or for gains and
                           losses arising from a group of similar transactions such as in the Group’s trading activity.
                                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   245




3.   BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
     sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
     3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
         (o)   Revenue from contracts with customers and other income
               Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the provision of services or the use by others of the
               Group’s assets under leases in the ordinary course of the Group’s business.


               Revenue is recognised when control over a service is transferred to the customer, or the lessee has the right to use
               the asset, at the amount of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those
               amounts collected on behalf of third parties. Revenue excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and is after
               deduction of any trade discounts.


               Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete
               satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:


               –     the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the
                     Group performs;


               –     the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or


               –     the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an
                     enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.


               Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or service.


               Where the contract contains a variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of consideration which it will
               be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to a customer and includes in the transaction
               price some or all of the variable consideration estimated, such that revenue is only recognised to the extent that it is
               highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur.


               Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the customer
               for more than 12 months, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the
               discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction with the customer, and interest income is
               accrued separately under the effective interest method. Where the contract contains a financing component which
               provides a significant financing benefit to the Group, revenue recognised under that contract includes the interest
               expense accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest method. The Group takes advantage of the
               practical expedient in IFRS 15 Revenue from contracts with customers and does not adjust the consideration for any
               effects of a significant financing component if the period of financing is 12 months or less.
246   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      3.     BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
             sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
             3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
                    (o)    Revenue from contracts with customers and other income (continued)
                           Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:


                           (i)    underwriting and sponsoring fees, financial advisory fees and investment advisory fees
                                  Underwriting and sponsoring fees are recognised when the Group has fulfilled its obligations under the
                                  underwriting and sponsoring contract.


                                  Depending on the nature of the services and the contract terms, financial advisory fees and investment advisory
                                  fees are recognised in profit or loss over time using a method that depicts the Group’s performance, or at a
                                  point in time when the service is completed.


                           (ii)   asset management fees
                                  Asset management fees include periodic management fees calculated based on assets under management
                                  and performance-based fee. The fees are recognised progressively over time using a method that depicts
                                  the Group’s performance, to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of
                                  cumulative revenue recognised will not occur.


                           (iii) Brokerage commission income
                                  Brokerage commission income includes commission income from brokerage trading of securities and leasing
                                  out trading seats. Commission income from brokerage trading of securities is recognised on the trade date basis
                                  when the relevant transactions are executed. Commission income from leasing out trading seats is recognised
                                  when the related services are rendered.


                           (iv) dividend income
                                  Dividend income from investments is recognised when the rights to receive payment have been established.
                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report       247




3.   BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
     sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
     3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
         (o)   Revenue from contracts with customers and other income (continued)
               (v)    Interest income
                      Interest income is recognised in profit or loss by using the effective interest method. For financial assets
                      measured at amortised cost or debt securities measured at FVTOCI that are not credit-impaired, the effective
                      interest rate is applied to the gross carrying amount of the asset. For credit impaired financial assets, the effective
                      interest rate is applied to the amortised cost (i.e. gross carrying amount net of impairment loss allowance) of the
                      asset.


                      The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or a financial
                      liability and of allocating the interest income or interest expense over the year. The effective interest rate is
                      the rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts or payments through the expected life of
                      the financial instrument or, when appropriate, a shorter period, to net carrying amount of the financial asset
                      or financial liability. When calculating the effective interest rate, the Group estimates cash flows considering
                      all contractual terms of the financial instrument (for example, prepayment, call and similar options) but does
                      not consider future credit losses. The calculation of the effective interest rate includes all fees paid or received
                      between parties to the contract, transaction costs, and all other discounts or premiums that are an integral part
                      of the effective interest rate.


         (p)   expenses recognition
               (i)    Interest expenses
                      Interest expenses are accrued on a time proportion basis with reference to the amortised cost and the
                      applicable effective interest rate.


               (ii)   Fee and commission expenses
                      Fee and commission expenses are charged to profit or loss on an accrual basis.


               (iii) Other expenses
                      Other expenses are recognised on an accrual basis.


         (q)   Borrowing costs
               Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are
               assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the
               cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.


               All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.
248   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      3.     BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
             sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
             3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
                    (r)    Income tax
                           Income tax expense comprises current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Current tax and
                           movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that they relate to
                           items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the relevant amount of tax are
                           recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.


                           Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively
                           enacted at the end of year, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.


                           Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences respectively, being the
                           differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their tax bases.
                           Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits.


                           Apart from certain limited exceptions, all deferred tax liabilities, and all deferred tax assets to the extent that it
                           is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the deductible temporary differences can
                           be utilised, are recognised. Future taxable profits that may support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising
                           from deductible temporary differences include those that will arise from the reversal of existing taxable temporary
                           differences, provided those differences relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are
                           expected to reverse either in the same period as the expected reversal of the deductible temporary difference or in
                           periods into which a tax loss related to the deferred tax asset can be carried back or forward. The same criteria are
                           adopted when determining whether existing taxable temporary differences support the recognition of deferred tax
                           assets arising from unused tax losses and credits, that is, those differences are taken into account if they relate to the
                           same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse in a period, or periods, in which the
                           tax loss or credit can be utilised.


                           The limited exceptions to recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities are those temporary differences arising from
                           goodwill not deductible for tax purposes, the initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither accounting
                           nor taxable profit (provided they are not part of a business combination), and temporary differences relating to
                           investments in subsidiaries to the extent that, in the case of taxable differences, the Group controls the timing of the
                           reversal and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future, or in the case of deductible
                           differences, unless it is probable that they will reverse in the future.


                           The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of year and is reduced to the extent that it is no
                           longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow the related tax benefit to be utilised. Any such
                           reduction is reversed to the extent that it becomes probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available.


                           Additional income taxes that arise from the distribution of dividends are recognised when the liability to pay the
                           related dividends is recognised.
                                                                        China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report    249




3.   BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
     sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
     3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
         (r)   Income tax (continued)
               Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from each other
               and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets against deferred
               tax liabilities, if the Company or the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current
               tax liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:


               –     in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Company or the Group intends either to settle on a net basis,
                     or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or


               –     in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
                     authority on either:


                     –      the same taxable entity; or


                     –      different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax
                            liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to settle the current tax assets and the
                            current tax liabilities on a net basis or realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.


         (s)   dividends appropriated to investors
               Dividends or distributions of profits proposed in the profit appropriation plan which will be authorised and declared
               after the end of the year are not recognised as a liability at the end of the year but disclosed separately in the notes to
               the consolidated financial statements.


         (t)   Government grants
               Government grants are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position initially when there is reasonable
               assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them.


               Government grants that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognised as income in profit or loss on
               a systematic basis in the same periods in which the expenses are incurred. Government grants that compensate the
               Group for the cost of an asset are deducted from the carrying amount of the asset and consequently are effectively
               recognised in profit or loss over the useful life of the asset by way of reduced depreciation expense.
250   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      3.     BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
             sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
             3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
                    (u)    Related parties
                           (i)    a person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:
                                  (1)    has control or joint control over the Group;


                                  (2)    has significant influence over the Group; or


                                  (3)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.


                           (ii)   an entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:
                                  (1)    The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and
                                         fellow subsidiary is related to the others);


                                  (2)    One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member
                                         of a group of which the other entity is a member);


                                  (3)    Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party;


                                  (4)    One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;


                                  (5)    The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity
                                         related to the Group;


                                  (6)    The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in Note 3.2(u)(i);


                                  (7)    A person identified in Note 3.2(u)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                                         management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).


                                  Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be
                                  influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.
                                                                           China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report    251




3.   BasIC OF PRePaRatION OF CONsOLIdated FINaNCIaL stateMeNts aNd
     sIGNIFICaNt aCCOuNtING POLICIes (continued)
     3.2 significant accounting policies (continued)
           (v)    segment reporting
                  Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial statements, are identified from
                  the financial statements provided regularly to the Group’s senior executive management for the purposes of allocating
                  resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s various business lines and geographical locations.


                  Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the segments
                  have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and services, the nature of
                  production processes, the type or class of clients, the methods used to distribute the products or provide the services,
                  and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not individually material may be
                  aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.


4.   CRItICaL aCCOuNtING JudGeMeNts aNd Key sOuRCes OF estIMatION
     uNCeRtaINty
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in Note 3.2, the directors of the Company are required
     to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
     from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are
     considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.


     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in
     the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods
     if the revision affects both current and future periods.


     (a) Fair value of financial instruments
           Financial instruments without quotes from an active market require the use of valuation techniques to determine their fair
           values. Valuation techniques include the use of the latest market transaction information, reference to the current fair values
           of similar financial instruments, discounted cash flow method and option pricing model. Valuation techniques are subject
           to validation and adjustment before use to ensure that the valuation results reflect actual market conditions. The valuation
           models developed by the Group use market information as much as possible and information specific to the Group as little
           as possible. It should be noted that some of the information used in the valuation models requires management to make
           estimates (e.g. counterparty risk, risk correlation factors, etc.). The Group regularly reviews these estimates and assumptions
           and makes adjustments as necessary. Although the Group considers these valuations as best estimates, the ongoing
           COVID-19 pandemic has caused greater market volatility and may further lead to disruptions in the business of the investee
           or the issuer, and this factor may lead to greater uncertainty the valuation of the year.
252   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      4.     CRItICaL aCCOuNtING JudGeMeNts aNd Key sOuRCes OF estIMatION
             uNCeRtaINty (continued)
             (b) determination of consolidation scope
                    All facts and circumstances must be taken into consideration in the assessment of whether the Group, as an investor,
                    controls the investee. The principle of control includes three elements: (i) power over the investee; (ii) exposure, or rights, to
                    variable returns from involvement with the investee; and (iii) the ability to use power over the investee to affect the amount
                    of investor’s returns. The Group reassesses whether it controls an investee when relevant facts and circumstances change to
                    such an extent that there is a change in one or more of the three elements of control listed above.


                    For structured entities, the Group assesses whether the combination of investments it holds, if any, together with its
                    remuneration creates exposure to variability of returns from the activities of the structured entities that is of such significance
                    indicating that the Group is a principal. The structured entities shall be consolidated if the Group acts in the role of principal.


             (c) Impairment of goodwill
                    The Group assesses the recoverable amount of the goodwill at the end of year and performs impairment test no matter
                    whether there is indication that the unit may be impaired or not.


                    The recoverable amount of a CGU (or group of CGUs) is the greater of its fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In
                    assessing the present value of expected future cash flows, significant judgements are exercised over the assets’ selling price,
                    related operating revenue and expenses and discounting rate to calculate the present value. All relevant information which
                    can be obtained are used for estimation of the recoverable amount, including the estimation of the selling price and related
                    revenue and operating expenses based on reasonable and supportable assumptions. Where the actual future cash flows are
                    less than expected, or change in facts and circumstances which results in downward revision of future cash flows or upward
                    revision of discount rate, a material impairment loss or further impairment loss may arise.


             (d) Measurement and recognition of eCLs
                    The measurement of the ECL allowance for debt investments measured at amortised cost and FVTOCI is an area that
                    requires the use of models and assumptions about future economic conditions and credit behavior of the client (such as the
                    likelihood of clients defaulting and the resulting losses). A number of significant judgements are also required in applying the
                    accounting requirements for measuring ECL, such as:


                    –      Determining criteria for significant increase in credit risk;


                    –      Choosing appropriate models and assumptions for the measurement of ECL;


                    –      Determining the number and relative weightings of forward-looking scenarios for the ECL of each type of product/
                           market.


                    See Note 58(a) for more details on ECL.
                                                                         China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   253




4.   CRItICaL aCCOuNtING JudGeMeNts aNd Key sOuRCes OF estIMatION
     uNCeRtaINty (continued)
     (e) Income tax
          Determining income tax provisions involves judgement on the future tax treatment of certain transactions. The Group
          carefully evaluates tax implications of transactions and tax provisions are made accordingly. The tax treatment of such
          transactions is reconsidered periodically to take into account all tax legislations. Deferred tax assets are recognised for
          tax losses not yet used and temporary deductible differences. As those deferred tax assets can only be recognised to the
          extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the unused tax credits can be utilised,
          management’s judgement is required to assess the probability of future taxable profits. Management’s assessment is
          constantly reviewed and additional deferred tax assets are recognised if it becomes probable that future taxable profits will
          allow the deferred tax assets to be recovered.


5.   taXatION
     (a) Value-added tax (“Vat”) and surcharges
          The applicable tax rate is 6%. The urban maintenance and construction tax, education surcharge and local education
          surcharge are charged at 7%, 3% and 2% of VAT respectively.


     (b) Income tax
          The income tax rate applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries in mainland China is 25%.


          The income tax rate applicable to the subsidiaries in Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (“Hong Kong SAR”) is 16.5%.
          Taxes of other subsidiaries are charged at the relevant local rates.


6.   seGMeNt RePORtING
     Reportable segments are identified based on operating segments which are determined based on the structure of the Group’s
     internal organisation, management requirements and internal reporting system. An operating segment is a component of the
     Group:


     –    that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses;


     –    whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the Group’s management for the purposes of resources allocation and
          performance evaluation; and


     –    for which statements of financial position, of profit or loss and of cash flows are available.
254   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      6.     seGMeNt RePORtING (continued)
             Two or more operating segments may be aggregated into a single operating segment if the segments have similar economic
             characteristics in respect of:


             –      the nature of services;


             –      the type or class of customers for the services;


             –      the methods used to provide the services; and


             –      the nature of the regulatory environment.


             For management purposes, the Group’s businesses are structured and managed separately according to the nature of their
             operations and the services that the Group provides. Each of the Group’s operating segments represents a strategic business unit
             that offers services which are subject to risks and returns that are different from those to which the services offered by the other
             operating segments. A summary of the operating segments is as follows:


             –      the Investment Banking segment provides investment banking services, including equity financing, debt and structured
                    financing and financial advisory services to domestic and overseas corporations and institutional clients.


             –      the Equities segment provides one-stop integrated financial services such as investment research, sales, trading, products
                    and cross-border services to domestic and overseas professional investors, including institutional trading services and capital
                    services such as primary brokerage, over-the-counter derivatives, capital introduction and market-making transactions.


             –      the FICC segment provides a package of services and supports in the areas of market making and financing to domestic and
                    overseas institutional and corporate clients on fixed-income products such as interest rate, credit and structured products, as
                    well as on overseas exchange and commodities.


             –      the Asset Management segment designs and provides a wide range of asset management products and services to
                    domestic and overseas investors, including social security and annuity investment management business, institutional
                    entrusted investment management business, overseas asset management business, retail and mutual fund business, etc.


             –      the Private Equity segment designs and provides integrated private equity fund products and services to domestic and
                    overseas investors, mainly including corporate equity funds, Fund of Funds, dollar funds, real estate funds, infrastructure
                    funds, etc.


             –      the Wealth Management segment provides a wide range of wealth management products and services, consisting of
                    transactional services, capital services and product configuration services, to retail clients, families and corporate clients.


             –      the Others segment mainly comprises of other business departments and back offices.
                                                                                                   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report                             255




6.   seGMeNt RePORtING (continued)
     (a) segment results
                                                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2020
                                                            Investment                                             Asset         Private          Wealth
                                                               banking          Equities             FICC    Management           Equity    Management              Others               Total


          Segment revenue
          – Fee and commission income (Note 2)            5,133,978,615   2,489,137,955      647,382,025 1,149,366,225 1,472,814,537        4,711,149,590       10,870,823      15,614,699,770
          – Interest income                                 50,972,768      582,327,810     1,310,773,183     14,654,763      17,676,176    3,160,812,264      507,654,075       5,644,871,039
          – Investment income                              941,352,619    5,264,400,395     4,525,101,195    157,777,759     488,558,343     515,752,603     1,265,697,502      13,158,640,416
          – Other income/(losses), net                       1,105,217    (1,454,130,377)    (523,398,248)     (5,489,545)    51,808,120      33,970,654      (120,250,080)     (2,016,384,259)


          Segment revenue and other income                6,127,409,219   6,881,735,783     5,959,858,155 1,316,309,202 2,030,857,176       8,421,685,111    1,663,972,320      32,401,826,966
          Segment expenses                                4,267,367,992   2,846,902,460     3,554,550,075    939,096,109     926,715,137    6,532,847,358    4,588,873,574      23,656,352,705


          Segment operating profit/(loss)                 1,860,041,227   4,034,833,323     2,405,308,080    377,213,093 1,104,142,039      1,888,837,753    (2,924,901,254)     8,745,474,261
          Share of profits/(losses) of associates and
             joint ventures                                          –                 –                –     10,615,161      29,703,534      (52,194,113)     (20,916,556)        (32,791,974)


          Profit/(loss) before income tax                 1,860,041,227   4,034,833,323     2,405,308,080    387,828,254 1,133,845,573      1,836,643,640    (2,945,817,810)     8,712,682,287


          Segment assets                                  8,251,152,358 198,621,486,212 121,206,372,204 5,339,010,437 5,294,197,539 99,795,490,534 81,325,175,967 519,832,885,251


          Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                                                    1,787,614,365


          Total assets                                                                                                                                                         521,620,499,616


          Segment liabilities                             8,154,224,741 188,917,761,031 102,946,304,906 2,089,648,102 1,830,183,332 88,893,111,909 56,467,464,936 449,298,698,957


          Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                                506,667,665


          Total liabilities                                                                                                                                                    449,805,366,622


          Other segment information
             (Amounts included in the measure of
             segment profit or loss):
          Interest expenses (Note 1)                       253,491,014      953,735,323     2,760,772,473     47,866,061      65,072,299    1,693,942,202      938,868,796       6,713,748,168
          Depreciation and amortisation expenses            98,801,239       62,167,371       56,404,643      57,664,394      45,508,972     367,945,114       312,286,347       1,000,778,080
          Provision for/(reversal of) impairment losses
             under expected credit loss model              228,684,382      232,463,958       19,050,305      91,446,643      (6,942,533)    388,865,426        19,227,110        972,795,291
256   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      6.     seGMeNt RePORtING (continued)
             (a) segment results (continued)
                                                                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                        Investment                                                Asset         Private          Wealth
                                                                           banking           Equities             FICC     Management            Equity     Management              Others               Total


                      Segment revenue
                      – Fee and commission income (Note 2)            3,359,717,441     1,668,903,374       948,341,187     607,462,426    1,178,435,057    2,934,500,779       35,692,000      10,733,052,264
                      – Interest income                                  34,876,803       341,779,304     1,285,722,809       6,811,205        3,197,812    2,685,329,019      442,471,101       4,800,188,053
                      – Investment income                               461,357,069     2,025,898,545     3,349,179,348       4,681,397      212,289,148      (68,630,207)     973,867,500       6,958,642,800
                      – Other income, net                                 9,221,157        64,473,711        80,059,019         967,131       54,053,038       21,620,814       60,232,566         290,627,436


                      Segment revenue and other income                3,865,172,470     4,101,054,934     5,663,302,363     619,922,159    1,447,975,055    5,572,820,405     1,512,263,167     22,782,510,553
                      Segment expenses                                2,536,868,971     1,786,658,142     3,804,917,409     575,718,045      734,691,133    4,506,764,356     3,595,663,896     17,541,281,952


                      Segment operating profit/(loss)                 1,328,303,499     2,314,396,792     1,858,384,954      44,204,114     713,283,922     1,066,056,049    (2,083,400,729)     5,241,228,601
                      Share of profits/(losses) of associates and
                        joint ventures                                           –                 –                  –       1,310,963      69,522,495        (6,579,451)       (3,850,926)        60,403,081


                      Profit/(loss) before income tax                 1,328,303,499     2,314,396,792     1,858,384,954      45,515,077     782,806,417     1,059,476,598    (2,087,251,655)     5,301,631,682


                      Segment assets                                  7,410,811,403   103,219,733,870   111,968,447,320    3,940,071,048   5,254,925,769   76,667,496,771    35,419,811,002    343,881,297,183


                      Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                                                        1,089,945,732


                      Total assets                                                                                                                                                             344,971,242,915


                      Segment liabilities                             8,482,236,380   101,754,005,043    88,719,663,470    1,460,395,344   1,787,729,731   65,375,736,530    28,498,551,805    296,078,318,303


                      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                                    361,389,177


                      Total liabilities                                                                                                                                                        296,439,707,480


                      Other segment information
                         (Amounts included in the measure of
                         segment profit or loss):
                      Interest expenses (Note 1)                       146,593,348       622,726,889      3,044,975,052      47,146,905      67,784,228     1,656,099,267      310,187,730       5,895,513,419
                      Depreciation and amortisation expenses            90,011,343        55,197,953         45,234,758      52,052,773      44,032,390       327,437,262      299,268,933         913,235,412
                      Provision for/(reversal of) impairment losses
                         under expected credit loss model               71,170,593        24,419,090         (4,181,171)     40,433,749         325,561         9,604,909       17,825,100        159,597,831

                    Note 1: The Group allocates interest expenses across the reportable segments based on the capital used during the reporting periods for the
                            purpose of measuring segment operating performance and improving efficiencies of capital management.
                    Note 2: The Group provided integrated financial products and services to clients through cross-function collaboration during the reporting
                            period, resulting in the difference between identification of segments and classification of fee and commission income disclosed in
                            Note 7.
                    Note 3: Based on the Group’s strategic layout and needs of internal management, the former Investment Management was divided into and presented as
                            Asset Management and Private Equity. The information of comparative period was restated accordingly.
                                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report     257




6.   seGMeNt RePORtING (continued)
     (b) Geographical information
         The following table sets out the Group’s revenue and other income from external clients and the Group’s non-current assets
         (excluding financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, reverse REPOs, and deferred tax assets, same as below) in terms
         of geographical locations. The geographical locations of the revenue and other income from external clients are identified
         based on the locations of the clients in which the services are rendered or the products are purchased. The geographical
         locations of the non-current assets are identified based on where the fixed assets are located, where the intangible assets are
         allocated or where the associates and joint ventures operate.


                                                                                                 Revenues and other income from
                                                                                                         external customers
                                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                            2020                   2019


          Mainland China                                                                         25,947,518,788          17,540,324,418
          Outside mainland China                                                                  6,454,308,178           5,242,186,135


          Total                                                                                  32,401,826,966          22,782,510,553


                                                                                                         Non-current assets
                                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                                            2020                   2019


          Mainland China                                                                         15,037,819,967          10,431,470,733
          Outside mainland China                                                                  3,343,771,170           3,755,494,473


          Total                                                                                  18,381,591,137          14,186,965,206


         Reconciliation of segment non-current assets:


                                                                                                         Non-current assets
                                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                                            2020                   2019


          Total non-current assets for segments                                                  41,129,935,249          34,625,309,318
          Elimination of inter-segment non-current assets                                       (22,748,344,112)        (20,438,344,112)


          Total                                                                                  18,381,591,137          14,186,965,206
258   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      6.     seGMeNt RePORtING (continued)
             (c) Major clients
                    The Group’s customer base is diversified and no customer had transactions which exceeded 10% of the Group’s revenue for
                    the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.


      7.     Fee aNd COMMIssION INCOMe
                                                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                   2020                 2019


              Brokerage commission income                                                                6,110,720,519          3,878,042,278
              Underwriting and sponsoring fees                                                           5,343,341,053          3,721,672,193
              Asset management fees                                                                      2,796,022,145          2,001,492,975
              Financial advisory fees                                                                      866,049,521           674,668,431
              Investment advisory fees                                                                     458,541,700           424,706,208
              Others                                                                                        40,024,832            32,470,179


              Total                                                                                     15,614,699,770        10,733,052,264


             The remaining performance obligation is recognised as contract liabilities as at 31 December 2020 and disclosed in Note 48. Except
             as otherwise stated, there is no significant remaining performance obligation. Therefore, other information associated with the
             remaining performance obligations is not disclosed.


      8.     INteRest INCOMe
                                                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                   2020                 2019


              Interest income from margin financing and securities lending                               2,038,478,998          1,461,146,778
              Interest income from financial institutions                                                1,640,819,396          1,379,020,348
              Interest income from financial assets at fair value through
                 other comprehensive income                                                              1,163,278,994          1,160,481,477
              Interest income from reverse REPOs                                                           687,030,820           724,518,298
              Others                                                                                       115,262,831            75,021,152


              Total                                                                                      5,644,871,039          4,800,188,053
                                                                               China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report         259




9.   INVestMeNt INCOMe
                                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                       2020             2019


       Net gains from disposal of financial assets at fair value through
         other comprehensive income                                                                             143,553,236            200,589,971
       Net gains from financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss                             31,863,283,753         13,485,522,358
       Net losses from derivative financial instruments                                                     (19,076,807,851)        (6,726,172,403)
       Others (Note)                                                                                            228,611,278             (1,297,126)


       Total                                                                                                13,158,640,416            6,958,642,800


     Note: In June 2019, CICC Wealth Management, the Company’s subsidiary, entered into the Share Transfer Agreement Regarding the Trading of
           All Issued Shares of China Investment Securities (Hong Kong) Financial Holdings Limited with Soochow Securities (Hong Kong) Financial
           Holdings Limited and Soochow Securities Co., Ltd. The consideration of the transaction is HK$479 million. The share transfer was filed with
           the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the “CSRC”) with no objection in September 2019 and was approved in January 2020 by the
           Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission. On 18 February 2020, CICC Wealth Management received the consideration of HK$478
           million, net of transaction costs and taxes, and transferred its 100.00% of equity interests in China Investment Securities (Hong Kong)
           Financial Holdings Limited (“CISHK”). Net loss of CISHK in 2019 amounted to RMB57 million, and the total assets and net assets of CISHK as
           at 31 December 2019 amounted to RMB1,504 million and RMB234 million, respectively. For the year ended 31 December 2020, CICC Wealth
           Management’s investment income from disposal of the above equity interests amounted to RMB214 million and net cash outflows from the
           disposal of equity amounted to RMB469 million. The disposal of CISHK does not have a significant impact on the Group’s financial position as
           at 31 December 2020 or on the Group’s operating results for the year then ended.

10. OtHeR (LOsses)/INCOMe, Net
                                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               Note                    2020             2019


       Tax refunds                                                                                               35,743,324              29,738,215
       Government grants                                                                                         99,197,508             104,880,736
       Foreign exchange (losses)/gains from derivatives                                          (i)         (1,913,029,046)            166,979,605
       Others                                                                                    (ii)          (238,296,045)            (10,971,120)


       Total                                                                                                 (2,016,384,259)            290,627,436


     (i)    According to Notice on Format of Financial Statements for Financial Institutions Revised and Issued by the Ministry of Finance of the PRC
            (“MOF”) (Cai Kuai [2018] No. 36), gains and losses from foreign exchange derivatives are presented under foreign exchange gains and losses.

     (ii)   Others mainly consisted of gains and losses of foreign currency transactions due to exchange rate fluctuations.
260   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      11. Fee aNd COMMIssION eXPeNses
                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                2020             2019


              Brokerage commission expenses                                                            1,500,251,148           899,443,687
              Underwriting and sponsoring expenses                                                       253,255,410           148,752,820
              Asset management expenses                                                                  235,576,798           135,078,063
              Investment advisory expenses                                                                         –             3,056,157


              Total                                                                                    1,989,083,356         1,186,330,727


      12. INteRest eXPeNses
                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                2020             2019


              Interest expenses on:
              – Corporate bonds                                                                        1,928,655,754         1,556,628,404
              – Subordinated bonds                                                                     1,035,950,167           819,653,736
              – Placements from financial institutions                                                   821,960,532           765,511,832
              – REPOs                                                                                    795,605,313         1,009,619,621
              – Beneficiary certificates                                                                 516,641,459           414,869,689
              – MTNs                                                                                     462,090,895           465,437,671
              – Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                                    232,542,671           164,291,750
              – Structured notes                                                                         179,053,499           137,646,887
              – Financial bonds                                                                           84,982,192            30,649,315
              – Lease liabilities                                                                         57,162,780            73,500,946
              – Others                                                                                   599,102,906           457,703,568


              Total                                                                                    6,713,748,168         5,895,513,419


      13. staFF COsts
                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                2020             2019


              Salaries, bonus and allowance                                                          10,091,602,451          6,469,209,630
              Retirement scheme contributions                                                           167,961,232            285,900,064
              Other social welfare                                                                      352,698,453            324,308,118
              Other benefits                                                                            163,248,668            123,463,742


              Total                                                                                  10,775,510,804          7,202,881,554


             The Group is required to participate in pension schemes in mainland China, Hong Kong SAR and other jurisdictions whereby the
             Group pays annual contributions for its employees at certain ratios of salaries. The Group has no other material obligations of
             payment for retirement benefits to its employees beyond the annual contributions described above.
                                                                     China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   261




14. dIReCtORs’ aNd suPeRVIsORs’ ReMuNeRatION
   Directors’ and supervisors’ remuneration is as follows:


                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                        Salaries,
                                                                     allowances                         Retirement
                                                                    and benefits    Discretionary          scheme               Total
    Name                                                     Fees        in kind         bonuses     contributions remuneration


    Executive Director
    Bi Mingjian (iv)                                           –        274,978                  –            5,656          280,634
    Huang Zhaohui (ii) (iii)                                   –        822,742        7,674,362            69,157         8,566,261


    Non–executive Director
    Shen Rujun (vi)                                            –               –                 –                 –                –
    Xiong Lianhua (iii)                                        –               –                 –                 –                –
    Tan Lixia (iii)                                            –               –                 –                 –                –
    Duan Wenwu (iii)                                           –               –                 –                 –                –
    Zhao Haiying (iv)                                          –               –                 –                 –                –
    David Bonderman (iv)                                       –               –                 –                 –                –
    Liu Haifeng David (iv)                                     –               –                 –                 –                –
    Shi Jun (iv)                                               –               –                 –                 –                –
    Cha Mou Daid Johnson (iv)                                  –               –                 –                 –                –
    Huang Hao (iii) (v)                                        –               –                 –                 –                –


    Independent Non–executive Director
    Liu Li                                              603,050                –                 –                 –         603,050
    Siu Wai Keung                                       649,820                –                 –                 –         649,820
    Ben Shenglin                                        629,554                –                 –                 –         629,554
    Peter Hugh Nolan (iii)                              494,778                –                 –                 –         494,778
    Edwin Roca Lim (iv)                                 101,030                –                 –                 –         101,030


    Supervisor
    Gao Tao                                                    –      1,043,492        2,805,832            51,770         3,901,094
    Jin Lizuo                                           309,190                –                 –                 –         309,190
    Cui Zheng (iii)                                            –               –                 –                 –                –
    Liu Haoling (iv)                                           –               –                 –                 –                –


    Total                                             2,787,422       2,141,212       10,480,194           126,583       15,535,411
262   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      14. dIReCtORs’ aNd suPeRVIsORs’ ReMuNeRatION (continued)
             Directors’ and supervisors’ remuneration is as follows: (continued)


                                                                                              Year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                           Salaries,
                                                                                       allowances                      Retirement
                                                                                      and benefits     Discretionary       scheme                    Total
                Name                                                        Fees            in kind         bonuses  contributions            remuneration


                Executive Director
                Bi Mingjian (iv)                                               –          1,680,215          9,271,708            50,055          11,001,978


                Non-executive Director
                Shen Rujun (vi)                                                –                   –                  –                 –                  –
                Zhao Haiying (iv)                                              –                   –                  –                 –                  –
                David Bonderman (iv)                                           –                   –                  –                 –                  –
                Liu Haifeng David (iv)                                         –                   –                  –                 –                  –
                Shi Jun (iv)                                                   –                   –                  –                 –                  –
                Cha Mou Daid Johnson (iv)                                      –                   –                  –                 –                  –


                Independent Non-executive Director
                Edwin Roca Lim (iv)                                     546,920                    –                  –                 –           546,920
                Siu Wai Keung                                           577,270                    –                  –                 –           577,270
                Ben Shenglin                                            517,600                    –                  –                 –           517,600
                Liu Li                                                  532,400                    –                  –                 –           532,400


               Supervisor
               Gao Tao                                                        –           1,054,940          2,539,895            98,055           3,692,890
               Liu Haoling (iv)                                               –                   –                  –                 –                   –
               Jin Lizuo                                                263,400                   –                  –                 –             263,400


                Total                                                 2,437,590           2,735,155        11,811,603            148,110          17,132,458

             (i)     The amounts disclosed above in respect of the remuneration of directors and supervisors were net of tax.

             (ii)    The remuneration of Mr. Huang Zhaohui includes the compensation for the services provided by Mr. Huang Zhaohui acting as the Chief
                     Executive Officer of the Company.

             (iii)   Appointed as executive Director, non-executive Director, independent non-executive Director or supervisor in February 2020. Mr. Peter Hugh
                     Nolan donated a total of RMB150,000 to CICC Charity Foundation in 2020.

             (iv)    Resigned as executive Director, non–executive Director, independent non–executive Director or supervisor in February 2020.

             (v)     Resigned as non–executive Director in December 2020.

             (vi)    Appointed as non–executive Director and Chairman of the Board in August 2019.

             There were no amounts paid during the year to the directors and supervisors in connection with their retirement from employment
             or as compensation for loss of office with the Group, or as inducement to join. There was no other arrangement under which a
             director or a supervisor waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year.
                                                                   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   263




15. INdIVIduaLs WItH HIGHest eMOLuMeNts
   Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments in 2020 and 2019, one is a director whose emoluments are disclosed (see Note
   14). The aggregate of the emoluments are as follows:


                                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                        2020                   2019


    Salaries and other emoluments                                                                 14,621,320              9,808,939
    Discretionary bonuses                                                                         71,247,114             78,390,645
    Retirement scheme contributions                                                                  263,349                307,541


    Total                                                                                         86,131,783             88,507,125


   The emoluments of these individuals with the highest emoluments are within the following bands:


                                                                                                   Number of individuals
                                                                                                        2020                   2019


    From RMB15,500,001 to RMB16,000,000                                                                      2                    –
    From RMB16,000,001 to RMB16,500,000                                                                      1                    1
    From RMB17,000,001 to RMB17,500,000                                                                      –                    1
    From RMB17,500,001 to RMB18,000,000                                                                      –                    1
    From RMB18,000,001 to RMB18,500,000                                                                      –                    1
    From RMB18,500,001 to RMB19,000,000                                                                      1                    –
    From RMB19,000,001 to RMB19,500,000                                                                      1                    –
    From RMB19,500,001 to RMB20,000,000                                                                      –                    1


   No emoluments are paid or payable to these individuals in connection with their retirement from employment or as compensation
   for loss of office or inducement to join during the year.
264   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      16. dePReCIatION aNd aMORtIsatION eXPeNses
                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2020               2019


              Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                  598,536,803       562,955,633
              Depreciation of property and equipment                               285,280,264       258,573,159
              Amortisation of intangible assets                                    115,811,547        90,250,322
              Others                                                                 1,149,466         1,456,298


              Total                                                               1,000,778,080      913,235,412


      17. OtHeR OPeRatING eXPeNses aNd COsts
                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2020               2019


              Business development expenses                                        712,511,530       636,645,423
              Information technology related expenses                              390,778,139       335,173,436
              Professional service fees                                            217,575,762       152,286,022
              Travelling and transportation expenses                               210,582,323       325,239,262
              Utilities and maintenance                                             77,217,917        78,692,034
              Securities Investor Protection Fund                                   77,097,941        54,930,738
              Lease expenses                                                        29,823,722        57,906,991
              Auditors’ remuneration                                                12,842,024        11,424,141
              Others                                                               360,231,728       447,032,346


              Total                                                               2,088,661,086    2,099,330,393


      18. PROVIsION FOR IMPaIRMeNt LOsses uNdeR eXPeCted CRedIt LOss MOdeL
                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2020               2019


              Impairment losses provided/(reversed) for:
              Accounts receivable and other assets                                 572,058,918       187,940,007
              Receivable from margin clients                                       111,960,873        18,772,123
              Reverse REPOs                                                        287,054,140       (43,196,309)
              Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income      1,841,028        (3,369,149)
              Cash and bank balances                                                  (119,668)         (548,841)


              Total                                                                972,795,291       159,597,831
                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   265




19. INCOMe taX eXPeNse
   (a) taxation in the consolidated statement of profit or loss:
                                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                            2020                   2019


        Current tax
        – Mainland China income tax                                                               1,496,238,833            612,820,743
        – Hong Kong SAR profits tax                                                                 464,232,341            299,442,863


        Subtotal                                                                                  1,960,471,174            912,263,606


        Deferred tax
        – Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                         (509,928,241)          141,541,246


        Total                                                                                     1,450,542,933           1,053,804,852


   (b) Reconciliation between income tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rates:
       The income tax has been provided at the statutory rate of 25%, in accordance with the relevant tax laws in mainland China
       during the period. Taxes on profits assessable outside mainland China have been calculated at the applicable tax rates
       prevailing in the countries/jurisdictions in which the Group operates, based on the existing legislation, interpretations and
       practices. Reconciliation between income tax expense that would result from applying the PRC statutory income tax rate to
       the Group’s profit before income tax and the income tax expense in the consolidated statement of profit or loss is as follows:


                                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                            2020                   2019


        Profit before income tax                                                                  8,712,682,287           5,301,631,682


        Income tax calculated at the PRC statutory income tax rate                                2,178,170,572           1,325,407,921
        Effect of non-deductible expenses                                                             55,513,014             27,452,308
        Effect of non-taxable income                                                                (430,165,877)          (223,485,910)
        Effect of different applicable tax rates of the subsidiaries                                (258,185,995)          (186,059,764)
        Effect of deductible temporary differences or deductible tax losses with
           no deferred tax asset recognised during the year                                           56,934,075             47,346,584
        Effect of using the deductible tax losses for which
           no deferred tax asset was recognised in previous period                                  (115,094,712)           (30,514,880)
        Others                                                                                       (36,628,144)            93,658,593


        Total income tax expense                                                                  1,450,542,933           1,053,804,852
266   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      20. BasIC eaRNINGs PeR sHaRe
                                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                          2020                    2019


              Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company                                                7,207,452,452           4,238,719,317
              Interest for holders of perpetual subordinated bonds for the year                                  (102,564,384)             (57,000,000)


              Total                                                                                             7,104,888,068           4,181,719,317


              Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (Note)                                        4,445,099,368           4,222,001,201
              Basic earnings per share (in RMB per share)                                                                  1.60                   0.99


             Note: In October 2019, the Company issued 176,000,000 new H shares at a price of HKD14.40 per share with par value of RMB1. Accordingly, the
                   registered capital and share capital of the Company increased to RMB4,368,667,868.

                    In November 2020, the Company completed the issuance of 458,589,000 A Shares at a price of RMB28.78 per share with par value of
                    RMB1 and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. Accordingly, the registered capital and share capital of the Company increased to
                    RMB4,827,256,868.

             Basic earnings per share was calculated as the profit for the period attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company divided by
             the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue.


             No diluted earnings per share has been presented for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 as the Group had no potential
             ordinary shares in issue during the periods.
                                                                                   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report           267




21. PROPeRty aNd eQuIPMeNt
                                                                        Office      Furniture         Motor       Leasehold     Construction
                                                     Buildings     equipment      and fixtures      vehicles improvements        in progress           Total


    Cost
      As at 31 December 2019                       91,329,992 1,481,439,154       104,438,927    54,751,668     806,063,472       6,514,139 2,544,537,352
      Disposals of subsidiaries and transfer-out             –      (4,496,590)       (37,147)     (593,130)      (7,261,768)              –     (12,388,635)
      Additions and transfer-in                     1,391,695     216,248,401       7,830,289       360,080      66,793,587      58,823,981     351,448,033
      Transfer – out                                         –               –              –              –               –     (28,000,836)    (28,000,836)
      Disposals                                              –     (84,484,221)    (5,605,381)   (33,261,678)    (45,365,875)              –    (168,717,155)
      Foreign currency translation differences               –      (8,112,852)    (1,055,326)        (6,595)     (9,107,529)              –     (18,282,302)


      As at 31 December 2020                       92,721,687 1,600,593,892       105,571,362    21,250,345     811,121,887      37,337,284 2,668,596,457


    Accumulated depreciation
      As at 31 December 2019                       (37,124,241) (1,065,069,036)   (72,650,171)   (45,328,010)   (594,859,174)              – (1,815,030,632)
      Disposals of subsidiaries and transfer-out             –       3,960,597         14,859       593,130        6,958,083               –     11,526,669
      Additions                                     (4,361,097)   (190,552,412)   (11,449,962)    (2,018,424)    (76,898,369)              –    (285,280,264)
      Disposals                                              –     79,246,758       5,141,517    29,582,897      45,345,873                –    159,317,045
      Foreign currency translation differences               –       5,047,892         20,522         6,595        4,194,040               –       9,269,049


      As at 31 December 2020                       (41,485,338) (1,167,366,201)   (78,923,235)   (17,163,812)   (615,259,547)              – (1,920,198,133)


    Carrying amount
      As at 31 December 2020                       51,236,349     433,227,691      26,648,127     4,086,533     195,862,340      37,337,284     748,398,324


      As at 31 December 2019                       54,205,751     416,370,118      31,788,756     9,423,658     211,204,298       6,514,139     729,506,720
268   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      21. PROPeRty aNd eQuIPMeNt (continued)
                                                                                   Office      Furniture         Motor        Leasehold     Construction
                                                              Buildings       equipment      and fixtures      vehicles    improvements      in progress             Total


              Cost
                 As at 31 December 2018                     91,329,992     1,318,075,018      92,619,102    62,971,929       763,693,399       5,369,255    2,334,058,695
                 Adjustment for initial application
                     of IFRS 16 Leases                                –        (8,740,873)             –              –                –               –        (8,740,873)


                 As at 1 January 2019                       91,329,992     1,309,334,145      92,619,102    62,971,929       763,693,399       5,369,255    2,325,317,822
                 Acquired on acquisition of subsidiaries              –          437,762         206,550              –                –               –          644,312
                 Additions and transfer-in                            –      227,455,811      20,334,190       283,879       150,983,636      22,172,883      421,230,399
                 Transfer – out                                       –                 –              –              –                –     (21,027,999)     (21,027,999)
                 Disposals                                            –      (60,124,832)     (9,013,786)    (8,517,249)    (111,841,482)              –     (189,497,349)
                 Foreign currency translation differences             –        4,336,268         292,871        13,109         3,227,919               –        7,870,167


                 As at 31 December 2019                     91,329,992     1,481,439,154     104,438,927    54,751,668       806,063,472       6,514,139    2,544,537,352


              Accumulated depreciation
                 As at 31 December 2018                     (32,763,304)    (962,606,048)    (68,980,427)   (47,004,661)    (625,497,035)              –    (1,736,851,475)
                 Adjustment for initial application
                     of IFRS 16 Leases                                –        6,997,397               –              –                –               –        6,997,397


                 As at 1 January 2019                       (32,763,304)    (955,608,651)    (68,980,427)   (47,004,661)    (625,497,035)              –    (1,729,854,078)
                 Acquired on acquisition of subsidiaries              –         (251,055)       (106,123)             –                –               –         (357,178)
                 Additions                                   (4,360,937)    (162,310,495)    (11,104,681)    (4,437,978)     (76,359,068)              –     (258,573,159)
                 Disposals                                            –       56,547,817       7,983,255     6,127,738       110,850,875               –      181,509,685
                 Foreign currency translation differences             –        (3,446,652)      (442,195)       (13,109)      (3,853,946)              –        (7,755,902)


                 As at 31 December 2019                     (37,124,241)   (1,065,069,036)   (72,650,171)   (45,328,010)    (594,859,174)              –    (1,815,030,632)


              Carrying amount
                 As at 31 December 2019                     54,205,751       416,370,118      31,788,756     9,423,658       211,204,298       6,514,139      729,506,720


                 As at 31 December 2018                     58,566,688       355,468,970      23,638,675    15,967,268       138,196,364       5,369,255      597,207,220
                                                             China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   269




22. RIGHt-OF-use assets
                                                        Buildings    Leasehold land          Equipment                  Total


    Cost
      As at 31 December 2019                       2,023,843,309      1,266,558,879              891,449      3,291,293,637
      Increases                                      317,109,121                    –             74,410        317,183,531
      Decreases                                     (116,914,915)                   –                   –      (116,914,915)
      Foreign currency translation differences       (32,033,979)                   –            (87,992)        (32,121,971)


      As at 31 December 2020                       2,192,003,536      1,266,558,879              877,867      3,459,440,282


    Accumulated depreciation
      As at 31 December 2019                        (535,523,833)      (151,911,128)            (349,805)      (687,784,766)
      Increases                                     (568,695,032)        (32,910,658)           (162,125)      (601,767,815)
      Decreases                                       92,838,106                    –                   –        92,838,106
      Foreign currency translation differences         8,767,756                    –             58,773           8,826,529


      As at 31 December 2020                       (1,002,613,003)     (184,821,786)            (453,157)    (1,187,887,946)


    Carrying amount
      As at 31 December 2020                       1,189,390,533      1,081,737,093              424,710      2,271,552,336


      As at 31 December 2019                       1,488,319,476      1,114,647,751              541,644      2,603,508,871


      Expense relating to leases of low-value
           assets, short-term leases and
           other leases with lease terms end
           within 12 months for the year                                                                         29,823,722


      Total cash outflow for leases for the year                                                                634,214,025
270   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      22. RIGHt-OF-use assets (continued)
                                                                                Buildings     Leasehold land       Equipment             Total


              Cost
                 As at 1 January 2019                                      1,597,467,973        1,266,558,879       1,878,786    2,865,905,638
                 Increases                                                   434,674,329                       –     899,021      435,573,350
                 Decreases                                                   (20,356,964)                      –   (1,938,443)     (22,295,407)
                 Foreign currency translation differences                     12,057,971                       –      52,085       12,110,056


                 As at 31 December 2019                                    2,023,843,309        1,266,558,879        891,449     3,291,293,637


              Accumulated depreciation
                 As at 1 January 2019                                                   –        (119,000,470)              –    (119,000,470)
                 Increases                                                  (529,574,219)          (32,910,658)      (470,756)   (562,955,633)
                 Decreases                                                     4,047,432                       –     140,836        4,188,268
                 Foreign currency translation differences                      (9,997,046)                     –      (19,885)     (10,016,931)


                 As at 31 December 2019                                     (535,523,833)        (151,911,128)       (349,805)   (687,784,766)


              Carrying amount
                 As at 31 December 2019                                    1,488,319,476        1,114,647,751        541,644     2,603,508,871


                 Expense relating to short-term leases and
                     other leases with lease terms end
                     within 12 months for the year                                                                                 57,906,991


                 Total cash outflow for leases for the year                                                                       670,930,219


             (a) Leases committed
                    As at 31 December 2020, the Group entered into new leases that are not yet commenced, with average non-cancellable
                    period ranged from 2 to 5 years (31 December 2019: from 1 to 5 years) and extension options. The total future undiscounted
                    cash flows over the non-cancellable period amounted to RMB181,981,193 (31 December 2019: RMB46,513,649).


                    Details of the lease maturity analysis of lease liabilities are disclosed in Note 58(b).
                                                                        China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report          271




23. GOOdWILL
   (a) Changes in goodwill
                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                 2020                    2019


        At the beginning of the year                                                                   1,582,678,646            1,582,678,646
        Additions for the year                                                                                        –                      –


        Subtotal                                                                                       1,582,678,646            1,582,678,646


        Less: Impairment loss allowance                                                                               –                      –


        Carrying amount                                                                                1,582,678,646            1,582,678,646


       Note: The Company acquired CICC Wealth Management in 2017 and paid, as the cost of the acquisition, the consideration of
             RMB16,700,695,000 in the form of share issuance. The difference between the consideration and the fair value of the identifiable net
             assets attributable to the Company amounted to RMB1,582,678,646 and was recognised as goodwill.

   (b) Impairment test
       The Company acquired 100% equity interests of CICC Wealth Management in March 2017, aiming to generate long-term
       benefit of synergy by utilising strengths in aspects of products, services and distributions across the enlarged group. The
       Group recognised the portion of consideration in excess of fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired as the goodwill of
       the cash-generating unit (“CGU”) of wealth management.


       The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined based on the present value of expected future cash flows, which was
       determined on the financial budgets (including budgeted income and profit margins based on the CGU’s past performance
       and management’s expectations for market development) approved by the management covering a certain period, cash
       flows beyond the certain period are extrapolated using an estimated annual growth rate based on industry growth forecasts.
       Pre-tax discount rates used by the Group range from 16.9% to 18.9% (31 December 2019: 16.0% – 17.0%).


       As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, the Group performed annual goodwill impairment test. There was no
       impairment recognised for the goodwill related to the aforesaid CGU since the recoverable amounts were greater than its
       carrying amount.
272   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      24. INtaNGIBLe assets
                                                                           Securities trading
                                                                                  seat rights   Others (Note)          Total


              Cost
                 As at 31 December 2019                                         164,008,627      466,228,881    630,237,508
                 Disposals of subsidiaries and transfer-out                         (885,930)     (1,553,999)     (2,439,929)
                 Additions                                                                 –     142,967,169    142,967,169
                 Disposals                                                                 –      (3,926,177)     (3,926,177)
                 Foreign currency translation differences                             (9,850)        (44,348)        (54,198)


                 As at 31 December 2020                                         163,112,847      603,671,526    766,784,373


              Accumulated amortisation
                 As at 31 December 2019                                        (100,890,344)    (244,246,505)   (345,136,849)
                 Disposals of subsidiaries and transfer-out                                –       1,520,400       1,520,400
                 Additions                                                        (8,597,500)   (107,214,047)   (115,811,547)
                 Disposals                                                                 –       3,445,863       3,445,863
                 Foreign currency translation differences                                  –          17,736         17,736


                 As at 31 December 2020                                        (109,487,844)    (346,476,553)   (455,964,397)


              Carrying amount
                 As at 31 December 2020                                          53,625,003      257,194,973    310,819,976


                 As at 31 December 2019                                          63,118,283      221,982,376    285,100,659
                                                                         China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   273




24. INtaNGIBLe assets (continued)
                                                                             Securities trading
                                                                                    seat rights          Others (Note)               Total


     Cost
        As at 31 December 2018                                                     163,989,047            363,140,177        527,129,224
        Additions                                                                             –           103,110,556        103,110,556
        Disposals                                                                             –                (56,197)           (56,197)
        Foreign currency translation differences                                        19,580                 34,345              53,925


        As at 31 December 2019                                                     164,008,627            466,228,881        630,237,508


     Accumulated amortisation
        As at 31 December 2018                                                     (92,406,520)          (162,497,061)       (254,903,581)
        Additions                                                                    (8,483,824)           (81,766,498)       (90,250,322)
        Disposals                                                                             –                49,968              49,968
        Foreign currency translation differences                                              –                (32,914)           (32,914)


        As at 31 December 2019                                                    (100,890,344)          (244,246,505)       (345,136,849)


     Carrying amount
        As at 31 December 2019                                                      63,118,283            221,982,376        285,100,659


        As at 31 December 2018                                                      71,582,527            200,643,116        272,225,643


    Note: As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, others mainly included computer software used by the Group.
274   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      25. INteRests IN assOCIates aNd JOINt VeNtuRes
                                                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                                                             2020                    2019


              Share of net assets
              – Associates                                                                                          610,484,204              624,355,553
              – Joint ventures                                                                                      578,368,662              544,121,104


              Total                                                                                               1,188,852,866             1,168,476,657


             The following list contains only the particulars of the major associate and joint venture which are unlisted corporate entities of
             which quoted market prices are not available:


                                                                                                    Proportion of ownership interest
                                                     Form of       Place of    Particulars of       Group’s
                                                    business incorporation        issued and       effective   Held by the      Held by a        Principal
              Name of an associate                  structure    operation    paid-in capital       interest     Company       subsidiary          activity


              Zheshang Jinhui Trust Co.,
                 Ltd. (“Zheshang Jinhui”)
                 (Note 1)                      Incorporated Hangzhou, PRC RMB1,700,000,000            17.5%          17.5%              –    Trust business


                                                                                                    Proportion of ownership interest
                                                     Form of       Place of    Particulars of       Group’s
                                                    business incorporation        issued and       effective   Held by the      Held by a        Principal
              Name of a joint venture               structure    operation    paid-in capital       interest     Company       subsidiary          activity


              Jinteng Technology
                 Information
                 (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.                                                                                                          Information
                 (“Jinteng Technology “)                                                                                                       technology
                 (Note 2)                      Incorporated Shenzhen, PRC     RMB500,000,000          51.0%          51.0%              –          services


             Note 1:   The Company holds 17.5% equity interest of Zheshang Jinhui but has significant influence over Zheshang Jinhui as it can appoint
                       members in Zheshang Jinhui’s Board of Directors. Zheshang Jinhui is accounted for as an associate of the Company.

             Note 2:   The Company holds 51.0% equity interest of Jinteng Technology and jointly controls Jinteng Technology with a third party according to
                       the contractual arrangement. Jinteng Technology is accounted for as a joint venture of the Company.
                                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   275




25. INteRests IN assOCIates aNd JOINt VeNtuRes (continued)
   A summary of financial information of the Group’s associates and joint ventures is presented below:


   (a) Zheshang Jinhui
                                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                           2020                   2019


          Financial information of the associate
          – Assets                                                                               2,681,511,107           2,501,050,258
          – Liabilities                                                                            400,057,759            325,549,983
          – Net assets                                                                           2,281,453,348           2,175,500,275
          – Operating income                                                                       509,623,208            750,962,871
          – Net profit                                                                             105,924,119            105,826,347
          Reconciled to the Group’s interests in the associate:
          Group’s effective interest                                                                      17.5%                  17.5%
          Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                             399,254,336            380,712,548
          Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                                 399,254,336            380,712,548


   (b) Jinteng technology
                                                                                                                       Year ended 31
                                                                                                                     December 2020


          Financial information of the joint venture
          – Assets                                                                                                       185,800,654
          – Liabilities                                                                                                   63,532,985
          – Net assets                                                                                                   122,267,669
          – Operating income                                                                                                         –
          – Net profit                                                                                                    (77,732,331)
          Reconciled to the Group’s interests in the joint venture:
          Group’s effective interest                                                                                            51.0%
          Group’s share of net assets of the joint venture                                                                62,356,511
          Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                                                        62,356,511
276   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      25. INteRests IN assOCIates aNd JOINt VeNtuRes (continued)
             (c) Other associates and joint ventures:
                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                2020                2019


                      Aggregate carrying amount of Group’s interests in other associates
                        and joint ventures in the consolidated financial statements                     727,242,019           787,764,109
                      Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of profit or loss and other
                        comprehensive income of those associates and joint ventures
                      – Profit for the year                                                              (11,690,273)          42,399,835
                      – Total comprehensive income                                                       (11,586,995)          42,296,557


      26. FINaNCIaL assets at FaIR VaLue tHROuGH PROFIt OR LOss
             Non-current
                                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                                                2020                2019


              Equity securities                                                                       6,709,361,710         3,685,728,809
              Funds and other investments                                                                          –           33,878,466


              Total                                                                                   6,709,361,710         3,719,607,275


             Current
                                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                                                2020                2019


              Equity securities                                                                     104,210,837,992        66,003,797,677
              Debt securities (Note)                                                                 80,814,486,684        76,130,839,312
              Funds and other investments                                                            55,871,011,259        22,337,649,857


              Total                                                                                 240,896,335,935       164,472,286,846


             Note: As at 31 December 2020, the perpetual bonds included in debt securities amounted to RMB13,646,545,485 (31 December 2019:
                   RMB14,055,982,894).
                                          China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   277




27. FINaNCIaL assets HeLd uNdeR ResaLe aGReeMeNts (“ReVeRse RePOs”)
   (a) analysed by collateral type:
       Non-current
                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                               2020                   2019


        Stocks                                                         886,465,533            235,314,895
        Accrued interests                                                18,705,684              6,374,726
        Less: Impairment loss allowance                                  (2,984,859)               (81,343)


        Total                                                          902,186,358            241,608,278


       Current
                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                               2020                   2019


        Stocks                                                       8,697,855,495           7,329,305,168
        Debt securities                                              8,987,319,233           6,641,075,887


        Subtotal                                                    17,685,174,728          13,970,381,055


        Accrued interests                                              142,967,983            117,464,377
        Less: Impairment loss allowance                                (299,631,921)           (30,516,797)


        Total                                                       17,528,510,790          14,057,328,635


   (b) analysed by market:
       Non-current
                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                               2020                   2019


        Stock exchanges                                                550,856,785              65,050,591
        Over-the-counter market                                        351,329,573            176,557,687


        Total                                                          902,186,358            241,608,278
278   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      27. FINaNCIaL assets HeLd uNdeR ResaLe aGReeMeNts (“ReVeRse RePOs”) (continued)
             (b) analysed by market: (continued)
                    Current
                                                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                                                        2020                 2019


                      Stock exchanges                                                                        15,465,920,946        13,150,771,156
                      Inter-bank market                                                                       1,727,510,775           260,264,802
                      Over-the-counter market                                                                   335,079,069           646,292,677


                      Total                                                                                  17,528,510,790        14,057,328,635


                    The Group receives securities as collateral in connection with reverse REPO business. The Group is allowed to sell or re-pledge
                    the collaterals held in connection with debt securities outright REPO business in the absence of default of its counterparties.
                    If the securities depreciate in value, the Group may, in certain circumstances, require additional collaterals. The Group has an
                    obligation to return the collaterals to its counterparties at the expiration of the agreements.


                    As at 31 December 2020, the collateral received by the Group in connection with reverse REPO business amounted to
                    RMB43,423,699,202 (31 December 2019: RMB30,326,890,225).


      28. ReFuNdaBLe dePOsIts
                                                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                                                        2020                 2019


              Self-owned refundable deposits                                                                  8,107,621,610         4,060,476,945
              Refundable deposits held on behalf of clients                                                   3,660,152,256         2,441,292,572


              Subtotal                                                                                       11,767,773,866         6,501,769,517
              Accrued interests                                                                                       550,069             324,337


              Total                                                                                          11,768,323,935         6,502,093,854


             Refundable deposits are mainly placed at stock exchanges and clearinghouse, futures and commodity exchanges, China Securities
             Finance Corporation Limited, Shanghai Clearing House, futures companies and other institutions.
                                                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report                  279




29. deFeRRed taX assets/(LIaBILItIes)
   (a) deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised
       The components of deferred tax assets/(liabilities) recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position and the
       movement during the year are as follows:


                                                                             (Charged)/
                                                                   As at       credited    (Charged)/     Exchange                As at 31 December 2020
                                                               1 January       to profit     credited    differences      Deferred         Deferred         Deferred
                                                                   2020          or loss    to equity        (Note)         tax, net       tax assets   tax liabilities


        Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) before set-off:
        Staff cost                                          830,304,832     457,384,927             –      (751,006) 1,286,938,753 1,286,938,753                     –
        Deductible tax losses                                33,729,748      34,680,521             –    (3,361,865)    65,048,404       65,048,404                  –
        Depreciation and amortisation                        (30,173,159)      429,382              –       (55,199)    (29,798,976)       1,709,895     (31,508,871)
        Changes in fair values of financial instruments
          at fair value through profit or loss               (78,058,586) (204,197,972)             –       121,725    (282,134,833)    225,082,043     (507,216,876)
        Changes in fair values of financial assets
          at fair value through
          other comprehensive income                         (53,438,968)             –    48,518,724       124,621      (4,795,623)       7,288,066     (12,083,689)
        Fair value adjustment arising from
          acquisition of a subsidiary                       (174,993,509)     7,799,123             –             –    (167,194,386)               –    (167,194,386)
        Others                                              201,186,197     213,832,260      (474,066)   (1,661,030)   412,883,361      429,188,090      (16,304,729)


        Subtotal                                            728,556,555     509,928,241    48,044,658    (5,582,754) 1,280,946,700 2,015,255,251        (734,308,551)


        Set off                                                                                                                         (227,640,886)   227,640,886


        Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) recognised
          in the consolidated statement of
          financial position                                                                                                           1,787,614,365    (506,667,665)
280   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      29. deFeRRed taX assets/(LIaBILItIes) (continued)
             (a) deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised (continued)

                                                                                            (Charged)/
                                                                                  As at        credited    (Charged)/      Exchange                As at 31 December 2019
                                                                             1 January         to profit      credited    differences      Deferred         Deferred            Deferred
                                                                                  2019           or loss     to equity        (Note)         tax, net      tax assets       tax liabilities


                      Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) before set-off:
                      Staff cost                                          1,085,463,782    (255,253,554)             –        94,604    830,304,832      830,304,832                     –
                      Deductible tax losses                                 29,868,168        3,543,610              –       317,970     33,729,748       33,729,748                     –
                      Depreciation and amortisation                         (22,681,482)     (7,542,853)             –        51,176     (30,173,159)      2,306,935         (32,480,094)
                      Changes in fair values of financial instruments
                        at fair value through profit or loss              (216,202,730)    134,633,916               –     3,510,228     (78,058,586)    101,798,257    (179,856,843)
                      Changes in fair values of financial assets
                        at fair value through
                        other comprehensive income                          (35,189,455)              –    (16,773,661)   (1,475,852)    (53,438,968)              –         (53,438,968)
                      Fair value adjustment arising from
                        acquisition of a subsidiary                       (182,718,694)       7,725,185              –             –    (174,993,509)              –    (174,993,509)
                      Others                                               227,592,044      (24,647,550)      377,587     (2,135,884)   201,186,197      224,993,007         (23,806,810)


                      Subtotal                                             886,131,633     (141,541,246)   (16,396,074)      362,242    728,556,555     1,193,132,779   (464,576,224)


                      Set off                                                                                                                           (103,187,047)       103,187,047


                      Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) recognised
                        in the consolidated statement of financial
                        position                                                                                                                        1,089,945,732   (361,389,177)


                    Note: Exchange differences represent foreign currency translation difference of financial statements of overseas subsidiaries.
                                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report    281




29. deFeRRed taX assets/(LIaBILItIes) (continued)
    (b) deferred tax assets not recognised
         As at 31 December 2020, the Group has deductible temporary differences and cumulative unused tax losses of RMB1,505
         million (31 December 2019: RMB1,436 million). No deferred tax asset has been recognised in relation to such deductible
         temporary difference and cumulative unused tax losses.


         Deferred tax assets not recognised in respect of cumulative tax losses are mainly attributable to certain overseas subsidiaries
         of the Group which were set up to strengthen the Group’s cross-border service capabilities.


         Deferred tax asset arising from unused tax losses is recognised only to the extent that an entity has sufficient taxable
         temporary differences or there is other convincing evidence that sufficient taxable profit will be available against which
         the unused tax losses can be utilised by the entity, when the entity has a history of recent losses. The directors of the
         Company review the financial performance of these overseas subsidiaries at the end of year to determine whether there
         is sufficient taxable profit to be available against the unused tax losses, and they are of the opinion that it is probable that
         sufficient future taxable profits against which the losses can be utilised may not be available in these overseas entities in
         the foreseeable future, given the current market conditions, and that further expenditures of these overseas subsidiaries are
         considered necessary for expanding the Group’s overseas operations based on its business strategies.


30. OtHeR NON-CuRReNt assets
                                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                                            2020                  2019


     Rental and other deposits                                                                      150,211,057            149,502,348
     Others                                                                                         528,831,735          1,182,702,966


     Subtotal                                                                                       679,042,792          1,332,205,314


     Less: Impairment loss allowance                                                               (168,077,738)           (16,605,515)


     Total                                                                                          510,965,054          1,315,599,799
282   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      31. aCCOuNts ReCeIVaBLe
             (a) analysed by nature:
                                                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                                                         2020                      2019


                      Trade receivable (Note)                                                                41,104,785,042             15,311,390,897
                      Asset management fees receivable                                                          1,310,345,227            1,440,190,809
                      Underwriting and advisory fees receivable                                                 1,296,068,783            1,105,783,772
                      Trading seat rental fees receivable                                                        195,405,526               137,142,963
                      Others                                                                                     212,101,324               115,351,950


                      Subtotal                                                                               44,118,705,902             18,109,860,391


                      Less: Impairment loss allowance                                                            (624,931,217)            (233,301,015)


                      Total                                                                                  43,493,774,685             17,876,559,376


                    Note: Trade receivable mainly consisted of receivables from clearinghouse and brokers for trade settlements and from counterparties in
                          derivative transactions and deposits for securities-based lending.

             (b) analysed by aging:
                                                                                                 As at 31 December 2020
                                                                                  Gross amount                       Impairment loss allowance
                                                                               Amount                      %             Amount                       %


                      Within 1 year (inclusive)                        42,357,168,020                96.00%         (206,675,937)              33.08%
                      1 – 2 years (inclusive)                           1,317,021,385                 2.99%         (197,759,198)              31.64%
                      2 – 3 years (inclusive)                             141,947,812                 0.32%          (94,563,609)              15.13%
                      More than 3 years                                   302,568,685                 0.69%         (125,932,473)              20.15%


                      Total                                            44,118,705,902               100.00%         (624,931,217)             100.00%


                                                                                                  As at 31 December 2019
                                                                                   Gross amount                       Impairment loss allowance
                                                                                Amount                      %             Amount                      %


                      Within 1 year (inclusive)                          17,173,548,745               94.83%         (117,707,701)              50.45%
                      1 – 2 years (inclusive)                               494,208,241                2.73%           (65,141,935)             27.92%
                      2 – 3 years (inclusive)                               198,795,635                1.10%           (23,087,909)              9.90%
                      More than 3 years                                     243,307,770                1.34%           (27,363,470)             11.73%


                      Total                                              18,109,860,391              100.00%         (233,301,015)             100.00%
                                                                   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report    283




32. ReCeIVaBLe FROM MaRGIN CLIeNts
   (a) analysed by nature:
                                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                                         2020                  2019


        Individuals                                                                           29,229,190,952         20,190,212,792
        Institutions                                                                           4,110,732,871          2,556,491,253


        Subtotal                                                                              33,339,923,823         22,746,704,045


        Accrued interests                                                                        681,692,892            486,198,955
        Less: Impairment loss allowance                                                         (136,803,436)           (42,952,110)


        Total                                                                                 33,884,813,279         23,189,950,890


       As at 31 December 2019, the principal amount of receivable from margin clients that the Group transferred to the
       securitisation vehicle amounted to RMB2.00 billion. The securitisation vehicle issued asset-backed securities to investors with
       the receivable from margin clients as the underlying assets. All subordinated tranches of the asset-backed securities were
       held by the Group. The securitisation vehicle had expired on 21 November 2020.


   (b) analysed by fair value of collaterals:
                                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                                         2020                  2019


        Stocks                                                                              102,655,533,418          65,923,431,986
        Cash                                                                                   4,629,138,045          2,191,069,017
        Funds                                                                                  5,758,757,056            312,290,301
        Debt securities                                                                          116,697,735             69,326,087


        Total                                                                               113,160,126,254          68,496,117,391
284   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      33. FINaNCIaL assets at FaIR VaLue tHROuGH OtHeR COMPReHeNsIVe INCOMe
             (a) analysed by type:
                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                    2020                 2019


                      At fair value
                      – Debt securities                                    37,212,187,524    28,985,823,339


             (b) analysed by listing status:
                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                    2020                 2019


                      Listed
                      – In Hong Kong, China                                 2,071,334,212     2,913,953,460
                      – Outside Hong Kong, China                           35,140,853,312    26,062,869,879
                      Unlisted                                                         –             9,000,000


                      Total                                                37,212,187,524    28,985,823,339
                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report      285




34. deRIVatIVe FINaNCIaL assets/(LIaBILItIes)
                                                                                             As at 31 December 2020
                                                                                                              Fair value
                                                                          Notional amount                  Assets              Liabilities


    Hedging instruments (a)
    – Interest rate contracts                                                 9,590,000,000         147,610,386                           –
    Non-hedging instruments
    – Interest rate contracts                                              405,563,762,807          610,719,055             (666,826,709)
    – Currency contracts                                                   122,152,208,668        1,925,466,923        (3,427,667,304)
    – Equity contracts                                                     301,153,269,581        9,045,945,509       (20,693,731,679)
    – Credit contracts                                                        1,228,896,500           10,146,455             (10,762,169)
    – Other contracts (Note)                                                54,619,624,733          609,631,600             (585,781,254)


    Total                                                                  894,307,762,289       12,349,519,928       (25,384,769,115)


    Less: Settlement                                                                                 (38,256,092)           702,234,478


    Net position                                                                                 12,311,263,836       (24,682,534,637)


                                                                                             As at 31 December 2019
                                                                                                               Fair value
                                                                            Notional amount                 Assets               Liabilities


    Hedging instruments (a)
    – Interest rate contracts                                                 24,640,000,000          288,002,265                         –
    Non-hedging instruments
    – Interest rate contracts                                                 70,954,087,992          270,908,718            (326,465,411)
    – Currency contracts                                                      38,246,090,870          209,882,716            (351,243,297)
    – Equity contracts                                                       120,463,872,756        3,237,022,236           (5,302,698,832)
    – Credit contracts                                                             740,682,000          2,283,489             (13,182,890)
    – Other contracts (Note)                                                  22,904,072,395          555,934,539            (370,985,627)


    Total                                                                    277,948,806,013        4,564,033,963           (6,364,576,057)


    Less: Settlement                                                                                  (61,829,705)              2,384,056


    Net position                                                                                    4,502,204,258           (6,362,192,001)


   Note: Other contracts mainly include commodity options and commodity futures.
286   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      34. deRIVatIVe FINaNCIaL assets/(LIaBILItIes) (continued)
             The notional amount of derivative financial instruments represents the volume of transactions that has not been completed but
             does not reflect the risk undertaken by the Group.


             Under the arrangement of daily mark-to-market settlement, gains and losses of the Group’s positions in futures contracts in
             mainland China are settled daily and the corresponding accounts receivables and payables are reflected in “deposits with
             clearinghouses”. As a result, the Group did not hold any net position of the contracts as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December
             2019.


             As at 31 December 2020, the positive fair value of the unexpired commodity futures contracts and treasury bond futures contracts
             held by the Group amounted to RMB38,256,092 (31 December 2019: the positive fair value of the unexpired commodity futures
             contracts and stock index futures contracts held by the Group is RMB61,829,705); the negative fair value of the unexpired stock
             index futures contracts held by the Group amounted to RMB702,234,478 (31 December 2019: the negative fair value of the
             unexpired treasury bond futures contracts held by the Group is RMB2,384,056).


             (a) Hedging instruments
                     Fair value hedges are used by the Group to protect against changes in the fair value of financial liabilities due to movements
                     in market interest rates. Interest rate swaps are used to hedge the interest rate risk of long-term debt securities issued.


                     The gains of fair value hedges are presented as follows:


                                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                          2020                     2019


                      Gains arising from fair value hedges, net:
                         Interest rate contracts                                                                    3,333,399            (105,770,742)
                         Hedged items attributable to the hedged risk                                              26,865,606            159,362,265


                      Total                                                                                        30,199,005             53,591,523
                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report    287




34. deRIVatIVe FINaNCIaL assets/(LIaBILItIes) (continued)
    (a) Hedging instruments (continued)
          The notional amounts with remaining life of the designated as hedging instruments in fair value hedges are presented as
          follows:


                                                                                    As at 31 December 2020
                                                                 Less than        6 months to            More than
                                                                 6 months           12 months            12 months                Total


            Hedging instruments-interest
              rate contracts                                1,400,000,000       2,000,000,000       6,190,000,000       9,590,000,000


                                                                                     As at 31 December 2019
                                                                  Less than        6 months to           More than
                                                                  6 months           12 months           12 months                 Total


            Hedging instruments-interest
              rate contracts                                  6,450,000,000       8,600,000,000       9,590,000,000      24,640,000,000


          Details of the Group’s hedged risk exposure in fair value hedges strategy are set out below:


                                                                                                          As at 31 December
            Long-term debt securities issued                                                                 2020                  2019


            Carrying amount of hedged items                                                        9,878,977,040         25,395,517,892
            Accumulated adjustments to the fair value of hedged items                                207,364,163            376,385,675


35. CasH HeLd ON BeHaLF OF CLIeNts
    The Group maintains segregated deposit accounts with banks and authorised institutions to hold client monies arising from its
    ordinary course of business. The Group has classified their client monies as cash held on behalf of clients under current assets of
    the consolidated statement of financial position and recognised the corresponding current liabilities, in particular, accounts payable
    to brokerage clients and accounts payable to underwriting clients, on the grounds that the Group is liable for any misappropriation
    of their clients’ monies. In mainland China, clients’ monies are restricted and governed by relevant third-party deposit regulations
    issued by the CSRC. In Hong Kong SAR, clients’ monies are restricted and governed by the Securities and Futures (Client Money)
   Rules under the Securities and Futures Ordinance .
288   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      36. CasH aNd BaNK BaLaNCes
                                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                                2020                 2019


              Cash on hand                                                                                   139,386              227,924
              Deposits with banks                                                                    44,082,495,955         20,448,205,535
              Deposits with clearinghouses                                                             3,006,847,606         3,463,005,629


              Subtotal                                                                               47,089,482,947         23,911,439,088


              Accrued interests                                                                           71,756,629            47,784,140
              Less: Impairment loss allowance                                                               (168,508)             (294,558)


              Total                                                                                  47,161,071,068         23,958,928,670


      37. CasH aNd CasH eQuIVaLeNts
                                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                                2020                 2019


              Cash on hand                                                                                   139,386              227,924
              Deposits with banks                                                                    44,082,495,955         20,448,205,535
              Deposits with clearinghouses                                                             3,006,847,606         3,463,005,629


              Subtotal                                                                               47,089,482,947         23,911,439,088


              Less: Restricted bank deposits                                                            (427,049,392)         (813,843,832)


              Total                                                                                  46,662,433,555         23,097,595,256


             The restricted bank deposits mainly include the risk reserve deposits held for asset management business and temporary deposits
             held on behalf of non-brokerage clients.
                                                                            China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report                289




38. ReCONCILIatION OF LIaBILItIes aRIsING FROM FINaNCING aCtIVItIes
                                                                                                      Non-cash changes
                                                                                                             Interests,
                                                                                                         amortisation
                                                   As at                            (Transferred         and effect of                               As at
                                              1 January                                      out)/         changes in       Fair value      31 December
                                                   2020          Cash flows        transferred in      exchange rates         changes                2020


    Short-term debt securities issued    21,240,334,869      5,727,806,168         (354,361,607)         (121,208,965)                –    26,492,570,465
    Long-term debt securities issued
       due within one year               21,806,085,676     (22,760,594,553)     23,426,068,537           888,910,595      25,973,064      23,386,443,319
    Long-term debt securities issued     57,585,268,714     69,014,734,667       (23,071,706,930)       1,110,133,930      (23,912,848) 104,614,517,533


    Total liabilities arising from
       financing activities             100,631,689,259     51,981,946,282                       –      1,877,835,560       2,060,216 154,493,531,317


                                                                                                      Non-cash changes
                                                                                                              Interests,
                                                                                                           amortisation
                                                    As at                             (Transferred         and effect of                              As at
                                                1 January                                    out)/          changes in        Fair value      31 December
                                                    2019          Cash flows         transferred in      exchange rates        changes                2019


    Short-term debt securities issued      14,061,377,785       6,576,381,766                    –          602,575,318               –      21,240,334,869
    Long-term debt securities issued
      due within one year                  12,993,890,883     (10,354,722,972)      18,064,283,956        1,213,030,343    (110,396,534)     21,806,085,676
    Long-term debt securities issued       48,998,790,985      24,637,441,402      (18,064,283,956)       2,064,066,909     (50,746,626)     57,585,268,714


    Total liabilities arising from
      financing activities                 76,054,059,653      20,859,100,196                    –        3,879,672,570    (161,143,160)    100,631,689,259
290   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      39. FINaNCIaL LIaBILItIes at FaIR VaLue tHROuGH PROFIt OR LOss
                                                                                                                  As at 31 December 2020
                                                                                                                      Financial liabilities
                                                                                                                        designated as at
                                                                                            Financial liabilities fair value through
                                                                                               held for trading             profit or loss                     Total


              Equity securities                                                                   5,904,122,584          33,251,717,178           39,155,839,762
              Debt securities                                                                     1,066,167,906            1,542,983,452            2,609,151,358
              Funds and others                                                                    1,126,558,207                            –        1,126,558,207


              Total                                                                               8,096,848,697          34,794,700,630           42,891,549,327


                                                                                                                   As at 31 December 2019
                                                                                                                       Financial liabilities
                                                                                                                         designated as at
                                                                                              Financial liabilities     fair value through
                                                                                                 held for trading             profit or loss                    Total


              Equity securities                                                                     3,067,219,649          20,673,051,510           23,740,271,159
              Debt securities                                                                         833,356,562            1,963,383,218            2,796,739,780
              Funds and others                                                                         33,307,915                          –             33,307,915


              Total                                                                                 3,933,884,126          22,636,434,728           26,570,318,854


             Note (1): As at 31 December 2020, there were no significant fair value changes related to the changes in the credit risk of the Group.

             Note (2): The Group’s financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss are mainly equity instruments, and their fair values are linked
                       to stock, index, etc.
                                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   291




40. aCCOuNts PayaBLe tO BROKeRaGe CLIeNts
                                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                                           2020                    2019


    Client deposits for brokerage trading                                                       62,030,728,369          43,942,755,339
    Client deposits for margin financing and securities lending                                   8,612,779,838          4,387,247,232


    Subtotal                                                                                    70,643,508,207          48,330,002,571


    Accrued interests                                                                                11,672,249              7,869,600


    Total                                                                                       70,655,180,456          48,337,872,171


   Accounts payable to brokerage clients represent the monies received from and repayable to brokerage clients, which are mainly
   held at banks and clearinghouses. Accounts payable to brokerage clients are interest-bearing at the prevailing interest rate.


   The balance of the accounts payable includes certain margin deposits and cash collaterals received from clients for their margin
   financing and securities lending activities under ordinary course of business. Only the amounts in excess of the required amount of
   margin deposits and cash collaterals are repayable on demand.


41. PLaCeMeNts FROM FINaNCIaL INstItutIONs
   (a) analysed by funding source:
                                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                                           2020                    2019


            Placements from banks                                                               33,796,181,995          21,025,216,615
            Placements from China Securities Finance Corporation Limited                           200,000,000           1,800,000,000
            Others                                                                                 300,000,000           1,000,000,000


            Subtotal                                                                            34,296,181,995          23,825,216,615


            Accrued interests                                                                      220,232,700            257,165,515


            Total                                                                               34,516,414,695          24,082,382,130
292   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      41. PLaCeMeNts FROM FINaNCIaL INstItutIONs (continued)
             (b) analysed by residual maturity:
                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                    2020                                    2019
                                                                                              Range of                                  Range of
                                                                           Book value      interest rate         Book value          interest rate


                      Within 1 month (inclusive)                   18,964,291,414       0.99% – 3.50%        15,439,958,880        1.90% – 4.68%
                      1 – 3 months (inclusive)                       4,248,025,919      1.08% – 2.99%         3,238,835,702        2.82% – 3.65%
                      3 months – 1 year (inclusive)                11,304,097,362       1.76% – 3.49%         5,403,587,548        2.96% – 3.44%


                      Total                                        34,516,414,695                            24,082,382,130


      42. sHORt-teRM deBt seCuRItIes Issued
                                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                             Notes                  2020                    2019


              Beneficiary certificates                                                         (a)         19,683,669,800          14,502,136,485
              Structured notes                                                                 (b)          5,884,269,327           6,581,778,922
              MTNs                                                                             (c)           803,260,708                        –


              Subtotal                                                                                     26,371,199,835          21,083,915,407


              Accrued interests:
                 Beneficiary certificates                                                                     92,036,857              88,681,587
                 Structured notes                                                                             27,082,943              67,737,875
                 MTNs                                                                                           2,250,830                       –


              Total                                                                                        26,492,570,465          21,240,334,869
                                                                             China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report               293




42. sHORt-teRM deBt seCuRItIes Issued (continued)
   (a) Beneficiary certificates:
                                                                                                                      Reclassified to
                                                                           Interest accrued,                         long-term debt
                                    Book value as at                                  net of                        securities issued     Book value as at
           Nominal interest rate     1 January 2020            Issuance        interest paid       Redemption                 (Note) 31 December 2020


           0.00% – 11.02%            14,590,818,072      61,155,882,718           8,707,077     (55,625,339,603)       (354,361,607)       19,775,706,657


                                                                            Interest accrued,                          Reclassified to
                                     Book value as at                                 net of                          long-term debt       Book value as at
           Nominal interest rate      1 January 2019           Issuance         interest paid       Redemption       securities issued   31 December 2019


           0.00% – 10.30%             12,089,983,604      62,644,473,418          27,683,983     (60,171,322,933)                   –       14,590,818,072


       Note: A balance of RMB354 million was reclassified to long-term debt securities issued as result of exercising the extension right by the
             holders of these beneficiary certificates.

       The Group has issued beneficiary certificates bearing nominal interest with:


       –         fixed rates, ranging from 1.50% to 8.10% per annum;


       –         a fixed rate plus a floating rate; or


       –         a floating rate.


       The floating interest rate is calculated based on indices such as Shanghai & Shenzhen 300 Index and China Securities Index
       (CSI) 500, CSI 500 Total Return, prices of commodity products or USD index. The yield rate of such income certificates is based
       on market performance of the underlying instruments in the contractual period, and the non-fixed income is bifurcated and
       accounted under derivative financial instruments.
294   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      42. sHORt-teRM deBt seCuRItIes Issued (continued)
             (b) structured notes:
                                                                                       Interest accrued,
                                                Book value as at                                  net of                        Amortisation     Book value as at
                      Name                       1 January 2020            Issuance        interest paid       Redemption         and others 31 December 2020


                      Structured notes (i)          6,649,516,797    10,529,132,195         (40,654,932)    (10,773,425,640)    (453,216,150)      5,911,352,270


                                                                                        Interest accrued,
                                                 Book value as at                                 net of                         Amortisation     Book value as at
                      Name                          1 January 2019         Issuance         interest paid       Redemption        and others    31 December 2019


                      Structured notes (i)           1,971,394,181    10,350,739,565          41,197,753      (5,822,951,719)    109,137,017        6,649,516,797


                    (i)      The notes were issued bearing nominal interest rates ranging from 0.00% to 4.85% per annum. The notes are for maturities of 11 days
                             to 365 days.

             (c) MtNs:
                                                                                       Interest accrued,
                                                Book value as at                                  net of                        Amortisation     Book value as at
                      Name                       1 January 2020            Issuance        interest paid       Redemption         and others 31 December 2020


                      MTN (i)                                   –      840,864,640            2,250,830                    –     (37,603,932)       805,511,538


                    (i)      The nominal interest rate of the MTN is 1.05% per annum and the maturity is 364 days.
                                                               China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   295




43. FINaNCIaL assets sOLd uNdeR RePuRCHase aGReeMeNts (“RePOs”)
   (a) analysed by collateral type:
                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2020                   2019


        Debt securities                                                                  20,905,356,393          17,549,727,759
        Others                                                                            4,165,056,959           7,111,147,291


        Subtotal                                                                         25,070,413,352          24,660,875,050


        Accrued interests                                                                     30,670,471             47,382,181


        Total                                                                            25,101,083,823          24,708,257,231


   (b) analysed by market:
                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2020                   2019


        Inter-bank market                                                                14,593,790,179           8,173,286,607
        Stock exchanges                                                                   3,902,244,482           6,312,160,573
        Over-the-counter market                                                           6,605,049,162          10,222,810,051


        Total                                                                            25,101,083,823          24,708,257,231


       As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s pledged collateral in connection with its repurchase financing business amounted to
       RMB25,245,903,799 (31 December 2019: RMB27,941,583,967).
296   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      44. eMPLOyee BeNeFIts PayaBLe
                                                                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                                                                               2020                    2019


              Non-current
              Salaries, bonus and allowances                                                                          781,920,387               636,478,779


              Current
              Salaries, bonus and allowances                                                                        7,714,334,048             4,777,540,462
              Retirement scheme contribution                                                                            14,712,400               13,313,025
              Other social welfare                                                                                      38,179,136               30,428,775
              Others                                                                                                    37,818,404               22,150,764


              Subtotal                                                                                              7,805,043,988             4,843,433,026


              Total                                                                                                 8,586,964,375             5,479,911,805


      45. OtHeR CuRReNt LIaBILItIes
                                                                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                                                                               2020                    2019


              Trade payable                                                                                        78,737,749,542           43,701,363,379
              Payables to the investors of consolidated structured entities (Note 1)                                4,487,977,574             5,083,484,895
              Sundry tax payable                                                                                      908,722,259               557,257,075
              Accrued expenses                                                                                        787,129,102               570,545,312
              Accounts payable to underwriting clients                                                                              –         4,477,482,000
              Others (Note 2)                                                                                       1,001,273,096             2,567,002,962


              Total                                                                                                85,922,851,573           56,957,135,623


             Note 1:   For each reporting period, the consolidation scope of structured entities varies due to the addition of structured entities to which the
                       Group is a principal or due to the liquidation of the consolidated structured entities or changes in the Group’s interests therein.

             Note 2:   As at 31 December 2020, the Group had redeemed the securitisation vehicle (see Note 32(a)) and therefore no longer had payment
                       obligation to other investors (31 December 2019: payment obligation RMB1.90 billion).
                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   297




46. LONG-teRM deBt seCuRItIes Issued
                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                     Notes                  2020                   2019


    Due within one year
    – Beneficiary certificates                         (a)        1,741,009,800           1,251,000,000
    – Subordinated bonds                              (b)         5,008,689,660            999,902,118
    – Corporate bonds                                  (c)        9,830,163,597          19,135,896,495
    – MTNs                                            (d)         6,520,769,369                       –


    Subtotal                                                     23,100,632,426          21,386,798,613


    Due after one year
    – Beneficiary certificates                         (a)        1,500,000,000           1,000,000,000
    – Subordinated bonds                              (b)        19,530,109,664          21,053,581,502
    – Corporate bonds                                  (c)       63,530,023,736          18,362,873,397
    – MTNs                                            (d)        16,269,771,958          13,915,473,546
    – Financial bonds                                 (e)         2,500,000,000           2,500,000,000


    Subtotal                                                    103,329,905,358          56,831,928,445


    Accrued interests:
    – Beneficiary certificates                                        66,816,138             48,034,692
    – Subordinated bonds                                            363,649,805            354,549,037
    – Corporate bonds                                             1,045,156,424            675,145,404
    – MTNs                                                            63,919,194             64,248,884
    – Financial bonds                                                 30,881,507             30,649,315


    Subtotal                                                      1,570,423,068           1,172,627,332


    Total                                                       128,000,960,852          79,391,354,390


    Fair value                                                  127,825,070,661          80,280,847,248
298   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      46. LONG-teRM deBt seCuRItIes Issued (continued)
             (a) Beneficiary certificates:
                                                                                      Interest accrued,    Reclassified from
                                                 Book value as at                                net of     short-term debt                          Book value as at
                        Nominal interest rate     1 January 2020          Issuance        interest paid    securities issued       Redemption 31 December 2020


                        2.40% – 10.50%              2,299,034,692    2,240,000,000         13,429,639           354,361,607      (1,599,000,000)       3,307,825,938


                                                                                       Interest accrued,    Reclassified from
                                                  Book value as at                               net of      short-term debt                          Book value as at
                        Nominal interest rate       1 January 2019        Issuance         interest paid     securities issued      Redemption      31 December 2019


                        0.00% – 10.25%               1,605,858,806    1,835,000,000         (40,024,114)                    –     (1,101,800,000)       2,299,034,692


                    The Group has issued beneficiary certificates bearing nominal interest at:


                    –         a fixed rate, ranging from 2.40% to 5.05% per annum; or


                    –         a fixed rate plus a floating rate.


                    The floating interest rate is calculated based on the index market. The yield rate of such income certificates is based on
                    market performance of the underlying instruments in the contractual period, and the non-fixed income is bifurcated and
                    accounted under derivative financial instruments.


                    An investor put or issuer call is applicable for certain beneficiary certificates.


                    The beneficiary certificates are for maturities of 1 year to 3 years.
46. LONG-teRM deBt seCuRItIes Issued (continued)
   (b) subordinated bonds:
                                    Interest                                                          Book value                    Interest accrued,                                    Book value
                              commencement       Maturity    Interest                 Nominal               as at                            net of                   Amortisation             as at
        Name                           date          date   payment                interest rate   1 January 2020        Issuance     interest paid     Redemption      and others 31 December 2020


        16 CICC C2               15/12/2016    15/12/2021   Annually                     4.60%      3,406,855,890              –                  –              –               –     3,406,855,890
                                                                         st   th
                                                                        1 – 5 year, 5.00%;
        16 CICC Futures (i)      16/12/2016    16/12/2024   Annually    6th – 8th year, 8.00%        100,219,178               –                  –              –               –      100,219,178
        17 CICC C1               22/05/2017    22/05/2022   Annually                     5.39%       632,674,900               –         (5,395,148)             –      (3,207,062)     624,072,690
        17 CICC C2               24/07/2017    24/07/2022   Annually                     4.98%      1,559,390,549              –       (12,806,812)              –      (5,189,894)    1,541,393,843
        17 CICC C3               16/11/2017    16/11/2022   Annually                     5.50%      1,540,393,113              –       (16,046,016)              –     (10,181,496)    1,514,165,601
        18 CICC C1               20/04/2018    20/04/2023   Annually                     5.30%      1,058,803,374              –         (8,452,147)             –       1,330,914     1,051,682,141
        18 CICC C2               29/08/2018    29/08/2021   Annually                     4.70%      1,529,206,314              –         (6,194,938)             –        (437,971)    1,522,573,405
        19 CICC C1               19/04/2019    19/04/2022   Annually                     4.20%      1,544,186,301              –           172,603               –               –     1,544,358,904
        19 CICC C3               14/10/2019    14/10/2024   Annually                     4.09%      1,512,942,329              –           168,082               –               –     1,513,110,411
        19 CICC C4               11/11/2019    11/11/2024   Annually                     4.12%      1,508,296,438              –           169,315               –               –     1,508,465,753
        19 CICC C5               05/12/2019    05/12/2024   Annually                     4.20%      2,005,753,425              –           230,137               –               –     2,005,983,562
        20 CICC C1               17/02/2020    17/02/2025   Annually                     3.85%                 –    1,500,000,000       50,155,479               –               –     1,550,155,479
        17 CISC 01 (iii)         23/02/2017    23/02/2020   Annually                     4.85%      1,041,359,653              –       (41,457,534) (1,000,000,000)        97,881                 –
        17 CISC 02               23/02/2017    23/02/2022   Annually                     5.00%      1,875,369,227              –             35,706              –        707,588      1,876,112,521
        19 CISC C1               25/04/2019    25/04/2022   Annually                     4.50%      3,092,581,966              –         (3,142,577)             –       1,894,482     3,091,333,871
        20 CICC WMS C1           17/04/2020    17/04/2025   Annually                     3.80%                 –    2,000,000,000       51,664,618               –        301,262      2,051,965,880


        Total                                                                                      22,408,032,657   3,500,000,000        9,100,768 (1,000,000,000)     (14,684,296)   24,902,449,129




                                                                                                                                                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report




                                                                                                                                                                                                       299
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               300


46. LONG-teRM deBt seCuRItIes Issued (continued)
   (b) subordinated bonds: (continued)
                                      Interest                                                             Book value                    Interest accrued,                                        Book value
                                commencement       Maturity       Interest                 Nominal               as at                             net of                      Amortisation             as at
          Name                           date          date      payment                interest rate   1 January 2019       Issuance        interest paid    Redemption        and others 31 December 2019


          16 CICC C2               15/12/2016    15/12/2021      Annually                     4.60%      3,406,855,890              –                   –                 –               –     3,406,855,890
                                                                              st   th
                                                                             1 – 5 year, 5.00%;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)


          16 CICC Futures (i)      16/12/2016    16/12/2024      Annually    6th – 8th year, 8.00%        100,219,178               –                   –                 –               –      100,219,178
          17 CICC C1               22/05/2017    22/05/2022      Annually                     5.39%       642,495,998               –          (5,641,929)                –      (4,179,169)     632,674,900
          17 CICC C2               24/07/2017    24/07/2022      Annually                     4.98%      1,578,638,729              –         (11,495,672)                –      (7,752,508)    1,559,390,549
          17 CICC C3               16/11/2017    16/11/2022      Annually                     5.50%      1,566,077,566              –         (14,668,115)                –     (11,016,338)    1,540,393,113
          18 CICC C1               20/04/2018    20/04/2023      Annually                     5.30%      1,067,546,988              –          (6,180,844)                –      (2,562,770)    1,058,803,374
          18 CICC C2               29/08/2018    29/08/2021      Annually                     4.70%      1,534,886,625              –          (3,872,002)                –      (1,808,309)    1,529,206,314
          19 CICC C1               19/04/2019    19/04/2022      Annually                     4.20%                 –    1,500,000,000         44,186,301                 –               –     1,544,186,301
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report




          19 CICC C3               14/10/2019    14/10/2024      Annually                     4.09%                 –    1,500,000,000         12,942,329                 –               –     1,512,942,329
          19 CICC C4               11/11/2019    11/11/2024      Annually                     4.12%                 –    1,500,000,000          8,296,438                 –               –     1,508,296,438
          19 CICC C5               05/12/2019    05/12/2024      Annually                     4.20%                 –    2,000,000,000          5,753,425                 –               –     2,005,753,425
          16 CISC 01 (ii)          07/12/2016    07/12/2019      Annually                     4.00%      2,204,683,981              –          (6,027,397)   (2,200,000,000)      1,343,416                –
          17 CISC 01 (iii)         23/02/2017    23/02/2020      Annually                     4.85%      1,040,704,314              –                   –                 –        655,339      1,041,359,653
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



          17 CISC 02               23/02/2017    23/02/2022      Annually                     5.00%      1,874,696,638              –                   –                 –        672,589      1,875,369,227
          19 CISC C1               25/04/2019    25/04/2022      Annually                     4.50%                 –    3,000,000,000         92,581,966                 –               –     3,092,581,966


          Total                                                                                         15,016,805,907   9,500,000,000       115,874,500     (2,200,000,000)    (24,647,750)   22,408,032,657


       (i)        CICC Futures Co., Ltd. has an option to redeem the bonds on 16 December 2021.

       (ii)       CICC Wealth Management redeemed the bonds on 9 December 2019.

       (iii)      CICC Wealth Management redeemed the bonds on 24 February 2020.
46. LONG-teRM deBt seCuRItIes Issued (continued)
   (c) Corporate bonds:
                                    Interest                                               Book value                    Interest accrued,                                      Book value
                              commencement       Maturity    Interest      Nominal               as at                             net of                    Amortisation            as at
        Name                           date          date   payment     interest rate   1 January 2020        Issuance       interest paid   Redemption        and others 31 December 2020


        16 CICC 01 (i)           18/07/2016    18/07/2021   Annually          3.58%      2,922,826,008              –            282,084                –               –    2,923,108,092
        16 CICC 02 (ii)          18/07/2016    18/07/2023   Annually          3.29%      1,015,052,877              –                   –               –               –    1,015,052,877
        16 CICC 04 (iv)          27/10/2016    27/10/2023   Annually          3.13%       905,093,753               –                   –               –               –      905,093,753
        17 CICC 01 (vi)          20/01/2017    20/01/2020   Annually          4.35%      4,165,686,653              –       (136,365,664) (4,000,000,000)     (29,320,989)              –
        17 CICC 02 (vii)         08/05/2017    08/05/2020   Annually          4.97%      1,032,496,932              –         (19,782,570) (1,000,000,000)    (12,714,362)              –
        17 CICC 03               08/05/2017    08/05/2022   Annually          5.19%      1,055,402,156              –          (8,917,013)              –      (6,665,303)   1,039,819,840
        17 CICC 04 (viii)        27/07/2017    27/07/2020   Annually          4.78%      2,042,623,536              –         (24,900,930) (2,000,000,000)    (17,722,606)              –
        17 CICC 05 (ix)          20/10/2017    20/10/2020   Annually          5.13%      2,019,150,296              –           1,577,033 (2,000,000,000)     (20,727,329)              –
        17 CICC 06 (x)           21/11/2017    21/11/2020   Annually          5.45%      2,512,752,752              –         17,466,810 (2,500,000,000)      (30,219,562)              –
        18 CICC 01 (xi)          26/01/2018    26/01/2020   Annually          5.58%      1,052,245,432              –         (40,513,328) (1,000,000,000)    (11,732,104)              –
        18 CICC 02               26/01/2018    26/01/2021   Annually          5.70%      1,062,144,259              –          (2,461,455)              –      (6,195,406)   1,053,487,398
        18 CICC 03 (xii)         24/04/2018    24/04/2020   Annually          4.80%       517,057,151               –         (13,576,425)   (500,000,000)     (3,480,726)              –
        18 CICC 04               24/04/2018    24/04/2021   Annually          4.94%      1,041,603,234              –          (4,470,094)              –      (2,355,129)   1,034,778,011
        18 CICC 05 (xiii)        28/06/2018    28/06/2020   Annually          5.20%      1,027,609,961              –         (23,003,639) (1,000,000,000)     (4,606,322)              –
        18 CICC 06               28/06/2018    28/06/2021   Annually          5.30%      1,032,202,027              –          (4,007,022)              –      (1,463,861)   1,026,731,144
        19 CICC 04 (xiv)         21/11/2019    21/11/2025   Annually          3.52%      1,505,786,301              –            144,658                –               –    1,505,930,959
        20 CICC F1 (xvii)        26/02/2020    26/02/2025   Annually          3.20%                 –    4,000,000,000       108,361,644                –               –    4,108,361,644
        20 CICC G1 (xviii)       03/04/2020    03/04/2026   Annually          2.89%                 –    1,500,000,000        32,304,658                –               –    1,532,304,658
        20 CICC G2 (xix)         03/04/2020    03/04/2027   Annually          3.25%                 –    1,000,000,000        24,219,178                –               –    1,024,219,178
        20 CICC G3 (xx)          06/05/2020    06/05/2026   Annually          2.37%                 –    3,300,000,000        51,211,479                –               –    3,351,211,479
        20 CICC G4 (xxi)         06/05/2020    06/05/2027   Annually          2.88%                 –     700,000,000         13,200,658                –               –      713,200,658
        20 CICC F2 (xxii)        28/05/2020    28/05/2025   Annually          2.95%                 –    3,000,000,000        52,615,069                –               –    3,052,615,069
        20 CICC G5 (xxiii)       22/06/2020    22/06/2026   Annually          3.10%                 –    1,500,000,000        24,460,274                –               –    1,524,460,274
        20 CICC F3 (xxiv)        24/07/2020    24/07/2025   Annually          3.80%                 –    3,000,000,000        49,972,603                –               –    3,049,972,603
        20 CICC 07 (xxv)         10/09/2020    10/09/2025   Annually          3.78%                 –    5,000,000,000        57,476,712                –               –    5,057,476,712
        20 CICC 09 (xxvi)        23/09/2020    23/09/2025   Annually          3.80%                 –    5,000,000,000        51,013,699                –               –    5,051,013,699
        20 CICC 11 (xxvii)       19/10/2020    19/10/2023   Annually          3.50%                 –    2,500,000,000        17,500,000                –               –    2,517,500,000
        20 CICC 12 (xxviii)      19/10/2020    19/10/2025   Annually          3.74%                 –    2,500,000,000        18,700,000                –               –    2,518,700,000
                                                                                                                                                                                             China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report




                                                                                                                                                                                             301
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            302


46. LONG-teRM deBt seCuRItIes Issued (continued)
   (c) Corporate bonds: (continued)

                                   Interest                                               Book value                    Interest accrued,                                      Book value
                             commencement       Maturity    Interest      Nominal               as at                             net of                    Amortisation             as at
        Name                          date          date   payment     interest rate   1 January 2020        Issuance       interest paid   Redemption        and others 31 December 2020


        20 CICC 13 (xxix)       28/10/2020    28/10/2023   Annually          3.48%                 –    2,000,000,000        12,203,836                –               –     2,012,203,836
        20 CICC 14 (xxx)        28/10/2020    28/10/2025   Annually          3.68%                 –    3,000,000,000        19,357,808                –               –     3,019,357,808
                                                                                                                                                                                             (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)



        20 CICC F4 (xxxi)       14/12/2020    14/12/2023   Annually          3.85%                 –    2,500,000,000          4,482,877               –               –     2,504,482,877
        20 CICC F5 (xxxii)      14/12/2020    14/12/2025   Annually          4.09%                 –    2,500,000,000          4,762,329               –               –     2,504,762,329
        17 CISC F1 (xv)         18/07/2017    18/07/2020   Annually          4.95%      3,067,758,196              –         (67,758,196) (3,000,000,000)              –                –
        17 CISC F2              18/07/2017    18/07/2022   Annually          5.10%      1,023,270,492              –              63,755               –               –     1,023,334,247
        18 CISC 01              23/03/2018    23/03/2021   Annually          5.95%      1,046,088,333              –            126,492                –         65,924      1,046,280,749
        18 CISC 02 (xvi)        03/09/2018    03/09/2020   Annually          4.72%      2,032,396,587              –         (40,027,001) (2,000,000,000)      7,630,414                –
        18 CISC 03              21/09/2018    21/09/2021   Annually          4.99%      1,013,794,862              –              38,100               –         63,769      1,013,896,731
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report




        19 CISC 01              22/04/2019    22/04/2022   Annually          4.22%      2,058,278,417              –            160,473                –        124,337      2,058,563,227
        19 CICC WMS 01          16/10/2019    16/10/2024   Annually          3.58%      3,022,595,081              –          (2,768,284)              –        650,958      3,020,477,755
        20 CICC WMS G1          16/01/2020    16/01/2025   Annually          3.44%                 –    2,000,000,000        65,508,630                –         85,738      2,065,594,368
        20 CICC WMS F1          09/04/2020    09/04/2025   Annually          3.17%                 –    3,000,000,000        69,566,301                –               –     3,069,566,301
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



        20 CICC WMS F2          28/07/2020    28/07/2023   Annually          3.80%                 –    2,000,000,000        32,690,411                –               –     2,032,690,411
        20 CICC WMS G2          21/10/2020    21/10/2025   Annually          3.77%                 –    2,000,000,000        14,873,425                –               –     2,014,873,425
        20 CICC WMS G3          21/10/2020    21/10/2025   Annually          4.20%                 –    1,000,000,000          8,284,932               –               –     1,008,284,932
        20 CICC WMS G5          24/11/2020    24/11/2025   Annually          3.98%                 –    1,000,000,000          4,143,562               –               –     1,004,143,562
        20 CICC WMS G6          15/12/2020    15/12/2025   Annually          3.85%                 –    1,000,000,000          1,793,151               –               –     1,001,793,151


        Total                                                                          38,173,915,296 55,000,000,000        370,011,020 (19,000,000,000)    (138,582,559)   74,405,343,757
46. LONG-teRM deBt seCuRItIes Issued (continued)
   (c) Corporate bonds: (continued)
                                  Interest                                                  Book value                     Interest accrued,                                        Book value
                            commencement       Maturity    Interest      Nominal                  as at                              net of                      Amortisation             as at
        Name                         date          date   payment     interest rate      1 January 2019        Issuance        interest paid    Redemption        and others 31 December 2019


        16 CICC 01 (i)         18/07/2016    18/07/2021   Annually          3.58%         3,041,040,822               –           5,785,186     (124,000,000)               –     2,922,826,008
        16 CICC 02 (ii)        18/07/2016    18/07/2023   Annually          3.29%         1,015,052,877               –                   –                 –               –     1,015,052,877
        16 CICC 03 (iii)       27/10/2016    27/10/2019   Annually          2.95%         1,105,867,671               –          (5,867,671)   (1,100,000,000)              –                –
        16 CICC 04 (iv)        27/10/2016    27/10/2023   Annually          3.13%          905,093,753                –                   –                 –               –      905,093,753
        16 CICC 05 (v)         26/12/2016    26/12/2019   Annually          4.50%         2,001,232,877               –          (1,232,877)   (2,000,000,000)              –                –
        17 CICC 01 (vi)        20/01/2017    20/01/2020   Annually          4.35%         4,208,384,842               –         (18,749,670)                –     (23,948,519)    4,165,686,653
        17 CICC 02 (vii)       08/05/2017    08/05/2020   Annually          4.97%         1,048,723,409               –          (4,359,391)                –     (11,867,086)    1,032,496,932
        17 CICC 03             08/05/2017    08/05/2022   Annually          5.19%         1,074,650,503               –          (9,890,186)                –      (9,358,161)    1,055,402,156
        17 CICC 04 (viii)      27/07/2017    27/07/2020   Annually          4.78%         2,069,448,958               –         (10,236,244)                –     (16,589,178)    2,042,623,536
        17 CICC 05 (ix)        20/10/2017    20/10/2020   Annually          5.13%         2,050,793,969               –         (13,625,576)                –     (18,018,097)    2,019,150,296
        17 CICC 06 (x)         21/11/2017    21/11/2020   Annually          5.45%         2,553,722,772               –         (18,368,472)                –     (22,601,548)    2,512,752,752
        18 CICC 01 (xi)        26/01/2018    26/01/2020   Annually          5.58%         1,065,390,775               –          (5,525,618)                –      (7,619,725)    1,052,245,432
        18 CICC 02             26/01/2018    26/01/2021   Annually          5.70%         1,077,396,945               –          (7,678,786)                –      (7,573,900)    1,062,144,259
        18 CICC 03 (xii)       24/04/2018    24/04/2020   Annually          4.80%          522,384,546                –          (2,072,183)                –      (3,255,212)     517,057,151
        18 CICC 04             24/04/2018    24/04/2021   Annually          4.94%         1,051,641,949               –          (5,853,981)                –      (4,184,734)    1,041,603,234
        18 CICC 05 (xiii)      28/06/2018    28/06/2020   Annually          5.20%         1,033,134,856               –          (2,831,105)                –      (2,693,790)    1,027,609,961
        18 CICC 06             28/06/2018    28/06/2021   Annually          5.30%         1,038,182,162               –          (3,669,400)                –      (2,310,735)    1,032,202,027
        19 CICC 04 (xiv)       21/11/2019    21/11/2025   Annually          3.52%                      –   1,500,000,000          5,786,301                 –               –     1,505,786,301
        17 CISC F1 (xv)        18/07/2017    18/07/2020   Annually          4.95%         3,067,943,835               –            (185,639)                –               –     3,067,758,196
        17 CISC F2             18/07/2017    18/07/2022   Annually          5.10%         1,023,334,247               –             (63,755)                –               –     1,023,270,492
        18 CISC 01             23/03/2018    23/03/2021   Annually          5.95%         1,046,152,966               –            (126,491)                –         61,858      1,046,088,333
        18 CISC 02 (xvi)       03/09/2018    03/09/2020   Annually          4.72%         2,040,024,557               –          (4,011,525)                –      (3,616,445)    2,032,396,587
        18 CISC 03             21/09/2018    21/09/2021   Annually          4.99%         1,013,772,388               –             (38,100)                –         60,574      1,013,794,862
        19 CISC 01             22/04/2019    22/04/2022   Annually          4.22%                      –   2,000,000,000         58,572,678                 –        (294,261)    2,058,278,417
        19 CICC WMS 01         16/10/2019    16/10/2024   Annually          3.58%                      –   3,000,000,000         22,595,081                 –               –     3,022,595,081


        Total                                                                         35,053,371,679       6,500,000,000        (21,647,424)   (3,224,000,000)   (133,808,959)   38,173,915,296
                                                                                                                                                                                                  China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report




                                                                                                                                                                                                  303
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          304


46. LONG-teRM deBt seCuRItIes Issued (continued)
   (c) Corporate bonds: (continued)
       (i)      The Company had an option to redeem the bonds on 18 July 2019. If the early-redemption option was not exercised, the Company would have an option to increase the
                nominal interest rate and an obligation to redeem the bonds when requested by the investors. According to the Company’s announcement dated on 28 June 2019, the
                Company announced to waive the early-redemption option, and opted to increase the nominal interest rate from 2.99% to 3.58% for the rest two years of the tenure of such
                bond.

       (ii)     The Company has an option to redeem the bonds on 18 July 2021. If the early-redemption option is not exercised, the Company will have an option to increase the nominal
                interest rate and an obligation to redeem the bonds when requested by the investors.

       (iii)    The Company had an option to redeem the bonds on 27 October 2019. If the early-redemption option was not exercised, the Company would have an option to increase
                                                                                                                                                                                           (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)


                the nominal interest rate and an obligation to redeem the bonds when requested by the investors. The Company redeemed the bonds on 28 October 2019.

       (iv)     The Company has an option to redeem the bonds on 27 October 2021. If the early-redemption option is not exercised, the Company will have an option to increase the
                nominal interest rate and an obligation to redeem the bonds when requested by the investors.

       (v)      The Company redeemed the bonds on 26 December 2019.

       (vi)     The Company redeemed the bonds on 20 January 2020.

       (vii)    The Company redeemed the bonds on 8 May 2020.

       (viii)   The Company redeemed the bonds on 27 July 2020.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report




       (ix)     The Company redeemed the bonds on 20 October 2020.

       (x)      The Company redeemed the bonds on 23 November 2020.

       (xi)     The Company redeemed the bonds on 3 February 2020.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



       (xii)    The Company redeemed the bonds on 24 April 2020.

       (xiii)   The Company redeemed the bonds on 29 June 2020.

       (xiv)    The Company has an option to adjust the nominal interest rate on 21 November 2022 and an obligation to redeem the bonds when requested by the investors accordingly.

       (xv)     CICC Wealth Management redeemed the bonds on 20 July 2020.

       (xvi)    CICC Wealth Management redeemed the bonds on 3 September 2020.

       (xvii)   The Company has an option to adjust the nominal interest rate on 26 February 2023 and an obligation to redeem the bonds when requested by the investors accordingly.

       (xviii) The Company has an option to adjust the nominal interest rate on 3 April 2023 and an obligation to redeem the bonds when requested by the investors accordingly.

       (xix)    The Company has an option to adjust the nominal interest rate on 3 April 2025 and an obligation to redeem the bonds when requested by the investors accordingly.

       (xx)     The Company has an option to adjust the nominal interest rate on 6 May 2023 and an obligation to redeem the bonds when requested by the investors accordingly.

       (xxi)    The Company has an option to adjust the nominal interest rate on 6 May 2025 and an obligation to redeem the bonds when requested by the investors accordingly.

       (xxii)   The Company has an option to adjust the nominal interest rate on 28 May 2023 and an obligation to redeem the bonds when requested by the investors accordingly.
46. LONG-teRM deBt seCuRItIes Issued (continued)
   (c) Corporate bonds: (continued)
       (xxiii) The Company has an option to adjust the nominal interest rate on 22 June 2023 and an obligation to redeem the bonds when requested by the investors accordingly.

       (xxiv) The Company has an option to adjust the nominal interest rate on 24 July 2023 and an obligation to redeem the bonds when requested by the investors accordingly.

       (xxv) The Company has an option to adjust the nominal interest rate on 10 September 2023 and an obligation to redeem the bonds when requested by the investors accordingly.

       (xxvi) The Company has an option to adjust the nominal interest rate on 23 September 2023 and an obligation to redeem the bonds when requested by the investors accordingly.

       (xxvii) The Company has an option to adjust the nominal interest rate on 19 October 2022 and an obligation to redeem the bonds when requested by the investors accordingly.

       (xxviii) The Company has an option to adjust the nominal interest rate on 19 October 2023 and an obligation to redeem the bonds when requested by the investors accordingly.

       (xxix) The Company has an option to adjust the nominal interest rate on 28 October 2022 and an obligation to redeem the bonds when requested by the investors accordingly.

       (xxx)    The Company has an option to adjust the nominal interest rate on 28 October 2023 and an obligation to redeem the bonds when requested by the investors accordingly.

       (xxxi) The Company has an option to adjust the nominal interest rate on 14 December 2022 and an obligation to redeem the bonds when requested by the investors accordingly.

       (xxxii) The Company has an option to adjust the nominal interest rate on 14 December 2023 and an obligation to redeem the bonds when requested by the investors accordingly.

   (d) MtNs:
                                      Interest                                          Book value                     Interest accrued,                                     Book value
                               commencement           Maturity          Nominal               as at                               net of                 Amortisation              as at
        Name                             date             date       interest rate   1 January 2020         Issuance       interest paid   Redemption      and others 31 December 2020


        MTN (vi)                   18/02/2020       18/02/2023 3M LIBOR plus 0.9%                –     6,982,600,000          8,722,089             –    (471,673,026)     6,519,649,063
        MTN (ii)                   25/04/2018       25/04/2021 3M LIBOR plus 1.2%     4,203,319,129               –         (14,183,383)            –    (265,767,842)     3,923,367,904
        MTN (iii)                  11/09/2018       11/09/2021 3M LIBOR plus 1.2%     2,789,214,903               –          (2,765,171)            –    (176,759,675)     2,609,690,057
        MTN (iv)                   03/05/2019       03/05/2022 3M LIBOR plus 1.2%     4,892,001,713               –         (13,741,110)            –    (309,119,267)     4,569,141,336
        MTN (v)                    03/05/2019       03/05/2022             3.38%      2,095,186,685               –            (723,490)            –    (131,279,348)     1,963,183,847
        MTN (vii)                  10/08/2020       10/08/2023             1.75%                 –     3,482,450,000        22,361,375              –    (235,383,061)     3,269,428,314


        Total                                                                        13,979,722,430   10,465,050,000           (329,690)            –   (1,589,982,219)   22,854,460,521




                                                                                                                                                                                           China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report




                                                                                                                                                                                           305
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 306


46. LONG-teRM deBt seCuRItIes Issued (continued)
   (d) MtNs: (continued)
                                         Interest                                            Book value                    Interest accrued,                                        Book value
                                  commencement            Maturity           Nominal               as at                             net of                      Amortisation             as at
          Name                              date              date        interest rate   1 January 2019       Issuance        interest paid    Redemption        and others 31 December 2019


          MTN (i)                     18/05/2016        18/05/2019              2.75%      3,439,874,674              –         (11,537,818)   (3,449,400,000)     21,063,144                –
          MTN (ii)                    25/04/2018        25/04/2021 3M LIBOR plus 1.2%      4,134,978,441              –          (3,880,840)                –      72,221,528     4,203,319,129
                                                                                                                                                                                                  (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)


          MTN (iii)                   11/09/2018        11/09/2021 3M LIBOR plus 1.2%      2,741,792,361              –          (1,258,424)                –      48,680,966     2,789,214,903
          MTN (iv)                    03/05/2019        03/05/2022 3M LIBOR plus 1.2%                 –    4,714,080,000         23,828,016                 –    154,093,697      4,892,001,713
          MTN (v)                     03/05/2019        03/05/2022              3.38%                 –    2,020,320,000         11,183,721                 –      63,682,964     2,095,186,685


          Total                                                                           10,316,645,476   6,734,400,000         18,334,655    (3,449,400,000)   359,742,299     13,979,722,430


       (i)        The principal of the notes amounts to USD500 million. The Group has redeemed the notes on 20 May 2019.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report




       (ii)       The principal of the notes amounts to USD600 million. The interest payment is made quarterly.

       (iii)      The principal of the notes amounts to USD400 million. The interest payment is made quarterly.

       (iv)       The principal of the notes amounts to USD700 million. The interest payment is made quarterly.

       (v)        The principal of the notes amounts to USD300 million. The interest payment is made semi-annually.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



       (vi)       The principal of the notes amounts to USD1,000 million. The interest payment is made quarterly.

       (vii)      The principal of the notes amounts to USD500 million. The interest payment is made semi-annually.
46. LONG-teRM deBt seCuRItIes Issued (continued)
   (e) Financial bonds:
                                                                                                                                Interest
                                  Interest                                                  Book value                         accrued,                                     Book value
                            commencement        Maturity     Interest      Nominal                 as at                          net of                 Amortisation              as at
        Name                         date           date    payment     interest rate    1 January 2020        Issuance    interest paid    Redemption     and others 31 December 2020


        19 CICC Financial
          Bond 01              22/08/2019     22/08/2022    Annually          3.39%       2,530,649,315               –         232,192              –              –    2,530,881,507


                                                                                                                                 Interest
                                   Interest                                                  Book value                         accrued,                                     Book value
                            commencement         Maturity    Interest       Nominal                as at                          net of                  Amortisation             as at
        Name                          date          date    payment      interest rate    1 January 2019       Issuance     interest paid   Redemption     and others 31 December 2019


        19 CICC Financial
          Bond 01               22/08/2019    22/08/2022    Annually           3.39%                  –    2,500,000,000     30,649,315              –              –      2,530,649,315




                                                                                                                                                                                           China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report




                                                                                                                                                                                           307
308   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      47. Lease LIaBILItIes
                                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                                 2020                 2019


              Buildings                                                                                 1,204,434,599         1,459,424,998
              Equipment                                                                                       424,673              569,530


              Subtotal                                                                                  1,204,859,272         1,459,994,528


              Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown under current liabilities           541,299,132           487,672,398


              Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under non-current liabilities              663,560,140           972,322,130


             For the year ended 31 December 2020, the weighted average incremental borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities is 4.46% (For
             the year ended 31 December 2019: 4.80%).


      48. CONtRaCt LIaBILItIes
                                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                                 2020                 2019


              Asset and fund management services                                                           79,043,664          268,698,457
              Investment banking services                                                                  86,228,079            70,790,978
              Others                                                                                        5,656,537                     –


              Total                                                                                      170,928,280           339,489,435


             Contract liabilities mainly included advanced receipts from clients for assets and fund management services and investment
             banking services. The corresponding revenue for these services would be recognised when the Group fulfilled its obligations. The
             Group anticipated to meet most of the obligations within the next 12 months.


      49. OtHeR NON-CuRReNt LIaBILItIes
                                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                                 2020                 2019


              Deferred income                                                                            146,982,000           146,982,000
              Long-term borrowings                                                                         10,200,000            10,200,000


              Total                                                                                      157,182,000           157,182,000
                                                                   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   309




50. CaPItaL, ReseRVes aNd dIVIdeNds
   (a) share capital
       The Company’s number of shares and nominal value are as follows:


                                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                                        2020                   2019


        Ordinary shares of RMB1 each, issued and fully paid
           A shares                                                                           2,923,542,440           2,464,953,440
           H shares                                                                           1,903,714,428           1,903,714,428


        Total                                                                                 4,827,256,868           4,368,667,868


        Share capital
           A shares                                                                           2,923,542,440           2,464,953,440
           H shares                                                                           1,903,714,428           1,903,714,428


        Total                                                                                 4,827,256,868           4,368,667,868


       On 24 October 2019, the Company issued 176,000,000 new H shares with par value of RMB1 at a price of HKD14.40 per share.
       Accordingly, the registered capital of the Company increased to RMB4,368,667,868 and the total number of shares of the
       Company increased to 4,368,667,868 shares, including 2,464,953,440 domestic shares and 1,903,714,428 H shares.


       On 2 November 2020, the Company completed the issuance of 458,589,000 A Shares at a price of RMB28.78 per share
       with par value of RMB1 and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. Accordingly, the registered capital of the Company
       increased to RMB4,827,256,868 and the total number of shares of the Company increased to 4,827,256,868 shares, including
       2,923,542,440 domestic shares and 1,903,714,428 H shares.


       The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote
       per share at meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares in issue confer identical right in respect of the Company’s residual
       assets.
310   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      50. CaPItaL, ReseRVes aNd dIVIdeNds (continued)
             (b) Reserves
                    (i)    Capital reserve
                           the Group
                                                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                2020                    2019


                             Share premium (Note 1)                                                                 39,458,384,639           26,884,912,147
                             Others (Note 2)                                                                             74,888,340               46,734,828


                             Total                                                                                  39,533,272,979           26,931,646,975


                           the Company
                                                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                2020                    2019


                             Share premium (Note 1)                                                                 41,677,969,578           29,104,497,086
                             Others                                                                                      21,708,921               21,708,921


                             Total                                                                                  41,699,678,499           29,126,206,007


                           Note 1:    The premium arising from the Company’s share issuance (see Note 50(a)), net of expenses which met the capitalisation
                                      criteria, was recorded in share premium.

                           Note 2:    Change in the year arised from the acquisition of 20% of non-controlling interests in CISC Tianqi Futures Co., Ltd. by the
                                      Company’s wholly-owned subsidary, CICC Wealth Management, in 2020.

                    (ii)   surplus reserve
                           The surplus reserve represents statutory surplus reserve. According to the Accounting Standards for Business
                           Enterprises issued by the MOF and other relevant requirements, the Company is required to appropriate 10% of its net
                           profit, after offsetting prior year’s accumulated losses, to the statutory surplus reserve until the reserve balance reaches
                           50% of its registered capital. Subject to the approval of the shareholders, the statutory surplus reserve may be used to
                           offset accumulated losses, or converted into capital of the Company provided that the balance of the statutory surplus
                           reserve after such capitalisation is not less than 25% of the registered capital immediately before the capitalisation.


                           The Company makes the appropriation to surplus reserve at the end of each year.
                                                                    China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   311




50. CaPItaL, ReseRVes aNd dIVIdeNds (continued)
   (b) Reserves (continued)
       (iii) General reserves
             General reserves include general risk reserve and trading risk reserve.


             In accordance with the Financial Rules for Financial Enterprises (Order of the MOF No. 42) and the application guidance
             (Cai Jin [2007] No. 23) issued by the MOF, and the Guideline of Supervision of Annual Report of Securities Companies
             issued by the CSRC, the Company is required to appropriate an amount equivalent to 10% of the net profit to the
             general risk reserve.


             In addition, the Company as the mutual fund custodian shall accrue general risk reserve at a proportion of no less
             than 2.5% of custodian fee income. The accruement could be suspended on condition that the ending balance of
             risk reserve reached 0.25% of the aggregate of net asset values of the mutual funds under custody at the end of last
             quarter.


             In accordance with the Guideline of Supervision of Annual Report of Securities Companies issued by the CSRC, the
             Company is required to appropriate an amount equivalent to 10% of the net profit to the trading risk reserve.


             In accordance with the Guidelines for the Large Collective Asset Management Business of Securities Companies on
             implementing the Guiding Opinions for Regulating the Asset Management Business of Financial Institutions, securities
             companies shall be analogically governed by relevant laws and requirements of public offering funds. Accordingly,
             the Company and CICC Wealth Management accrued risk reserves for large collective asset management business in
             accordance with relevant regulations on mutual funds.


             General reserves for the Company’s subsidiaries are appropriated if relevant requirements are in place.


       (iv) Investment revaluation reserve
             The investment revaluation reserve represents cumulative gains and losses arising on the revaluation of financial assets
             at fair value through other comprehensive income, net of amounts reclassified to profit or loss when those financial
             assets are disposed of or are determined to be impaired.


       (v)   Foreign currency translation reserve
             The foreign currency translation reserve comprises foreign exchange differences arising from translation of the financial
             statements of the Group entities from their respective reporting currencies to RMB.
312   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      50. CaPItaL, ReseRVes aNd dIVIdeNds (continued)
             (c) dividends
                    On 30 March 2021, the 2020 profit distribution plan was approved by the Board of Directors. For details, please refer to Note
                    63(e).


                    The Company did not declare any final dividends for 2019 in accordance with the 2019 profit distribution plan approved by
                    the Annual General Meeting on 15 May 2020.


                    Dividends proposed by the directors are not deducted from equity, until approved by the Annual General Meeting. After
                    being approved and declared, the dividends are recognised as a liability.


      51. OtHeR eQuIty INstRuMeNts
             At initial recognition, the Group classifies the perpetual bonds issued as financial liabilities or equity instruments based on their
             contractual terms and their economic substance after considering the definition of financial liabilities and equity instruments.


             Perpetual bonds issued that should be classified as equity instruments are recognised in equity at the actual amount received. Any
             distribution of dividends or interests during the instruments’ duration is treated as profit distribution. When the perpetual bonds
             are redeemed according to the contractual terms, the redemption price is charged to equity.


             The interest rate of the perpetual subordinated bond is determined as follows:


             –      The bond bears at a fixed interest rate;


             –      The nominal interest rate of the first five interest-bearing years is determined by book building and will remain unchanged.
                    The nominal interest rate resets every five years since the sixth interest-bearing year.


             The Company does not have any contractual obligation to deliver cash or other financial assets to redeem the perpetual
             subordinated bonds. The redemption of the perpetual subordinated bonds is solely at the discretion of the Company.


             (a)    The Company issued its 2015 perpetual subordinated bonds with a total principal amount of RMB1 billion on 29 May 2015.


                    On 29 May 2020, the Company exercised the issuer early-redemption option for the 2015 perpetual subordinated bonds to
                    redeem all of the perpetual subordinated bonds that had been registered as at the redemption registration date.


                    The perpetual subordinated bonds with a total principal of RMB1,000,000,000 were redeemed this time, with a total interest
                    of RMB57,000,000 for the 5th interest-bearing year. The redemption proceeds were paid on 29 May 2020.


             (b)    The Company issued its 2020 perpetual subordinated bonds with a total principal amount of RMB5 billion on 28 August
                    2020.
                                                                     China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   313




52. COMMItMeNts
   (a) Capital commitments
       As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, the capital commitments contracted but not provided for in the financial
       statements were as follows:


                                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                                                             2020                2019


        Contracted, but not provided for                                                             2,703,292,134      2,756,949,559


   (b) underwriting commitments
       According to the relevant tendering documents, the underwriting commitments taken but not provided for at 31 December
       2020 was RMB600,200,820 for the Group (31 December 2019: nil).


53. INteRests IN stRuCtuRed eNtItIes
   (a) Interests in structured entities consolidated by the Group
       For structured entities in which the Group is involved as manager or investor, the Group assesses the magnitude of and
       variability associated with its economic interests generated from these structured entities. A significant magnitude of and
       variability associated with its economic interests indicate that the Group is a principal.


       As at 31 December 2020, the total assets of the consolidated structured entities amounted to RMB50,849,501,747 (31
       December 2019: RMB22,643,139,472), and the carrying amount of interests held by the Group in the consolidated structured
       entities amounted to RMB23,704,298,145 (31 December 2019: RMB7,946,520,862).


   (b) Interests in structured entities sponsored by third party institutions
       The types of structured entities that the Group does not consolidate but holds an interest in include wealth management
       products, asset management schemes, mutual funds, trust products, and other vehicles issued by other financial institutions.


                                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                                                             2020                2019


        Carrying amount of interests held by the Group
        – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                     92,373,416,588     59,215,114,396
        – Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                              9,097,634         24,833,283


       The Group’s exposure to the variable returns in these structured entities is not significant and the maximum exposure to
       losses is limited to the carrying amount of the interests held by the Group in these structured entities.
314   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      53. INteRests IN stRuCtuRed eNtItIes (continued)
             (c) Interests in structured entities sponsored by the Group but not consolidated
                    Structured entities in which the Group serves as general partner or manager, and therefore over which the Group has a
                    power during the years include private equity funds, mutual funds and asset management products. These structured
                    entities are mainly financed through issuing units to investors.


                                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                                     2020                  2019


                      Carrying amount of interests held by the Group
                      – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                              9,198,529,370          7,272,348,899
                      – Accounts receivable                                                                1,310,345,227          1,440,190,809
                      – Interests in associates and joint ventures                                           300,388,852            325,383,470


                    For the year ended 31 December 2020, the management fee and performance fee obtained from these structured entities
                    amounted to RMB2,796,022,145 (31 December 2019: RMB2,001,492,975).


                    Except for those which have been consolidated by the Group as set out in Note 53(a), the Group’s exposure to the variable
                    returns in the rest of these structured entities is not significant. The maximum exposure to losses is limited to the carrying
                    amount of the interests held by the Group in these structured entities.


                    During the year, the Group did not provide financial support to these unconsolidated structured entities and has no
                    intention of providing financial or other support in the future.
                                                                       China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report      315




54. tRaNsFeRs OF FINaNCIaL assets
   In the ordinary course of business, the Group enters into certain transactions in which it transfers recognised financial assets to third
   parties or customers. If these transfers qualify for derecognition, the Group derecognises all or part of the financial assets where
   appropriate. If the Group has retained substantially all the risks and rewards on these assets, the Group continues to recognise
   these assets.


   (a) Repurchase agreements
         Sales and repurchase agreements are transactions in which the Group sells a financial asset and simultaneously agrees
         to repurchase it (or an asset that is substantially the same) at an agreed date and price. The repurchase price is fixed
         and the Group is still exposed to substantially all risks and rewards of the financial asset transferred. The financial asset is
         not derecognised from the consolidated financial statements but is regarded as “collateral” for any secured borrowing
         arrangements because the Group retain substantially all the risks and rewards of the financial asset. A financial liability is
         recognised for cash received under the borrowing arrangements. In this kind of transactions, the recourse of counterparties
         against the Group is not limited to the transferred financial assets.


         The following tables provide a summary of carrying amounts and fair values related to the transferred financial assets that are
         not derecognised in their entirety and the associated liabilities:


                                                                                                     Financial assets
                                                                              Financial assets          measured at
                                                                                  measured at              fair value
                                                                                      fair value      through other
                                                                                       through       comprehensive
           As at 31 December 2020                                                 profit or loss             income                 Total


           Carrying amount of transferred assets                                 5,099,766,101        6,732,254,007      11,832,020,108
           Carrying amount of associated liabilities                          (4,463,883,709)        (6,214,172,105)     (10,678,055,814)


           Net position                                                            635,882,392          518,081,902       1,153,964,294


                                                                                                      Financial assets
                                                                                 Financial assets        measured at
                                                                                   measured at              fair value
                                                                                       fair value      through other
                                                                                        through       comprehensive
           As at 31 December 2019                                                   profit or loss            income                 Total


           Carrying amount of transferred assets                                  8,704,043,049         3,102,307,869      11,806,350,918
           Carrying amount of associated liabilities                              (7,712,205,571)      (2,696,954,807)    (10,409,160,378)


           Net position                                                             991,837,478          405,353,062        1,397,190,540
316   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      54. tRaNsFeRs OF FINaNCIaL assets (continued)
             (b) securities lending arrangement
                    The Group enters into securities lending agreements with clients under which it lend out its financial assets measured at
                    fair value through profit or loss that are secured by clients’ securities and deposits held as collateral. As at 31 December
                    2020, the equity securities and ETFs which were lent out by the Group amounted to RMB2,931,885,022 (31 December 2019:
                    RMB204,977,805). Pursuant to the securities lending agreements, the Group lent its own securities to clients. In view of this,
                    the Group determined that it retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of these securities and therefore did
                    not derecognise these securities in the consolidated financial statements.


             (c) asset securitisation of receivable from margin clients
                    The transfer of financial assets used as underlying assets for the securitisation of receivable from margin clients was disclosed
                    in Note 32(a). This transfer was not qualified for de-recognition.


      55. ReLated PaRty ReLatIONsHIPs aNd tRaNsaCtIONs
             (a) the largest shareholder of the Company – Huijin
                    As at 31 December 2020, Huijin owned 40.17% of the equity interest of the Company (31 December 2019: 44.38%) directly
                    and indirectly.


                    In October 2019, the Company issued 176,000,000 new H shares. After the completion of the issuance, the registered capital
                    and share capital of the Company increased to RMB4,368,667,868 (see Note 50(a)). Accordingly, the equity interest held
                    directly by Huijin decreased to 44.32%.


                    In November 2020, the Company completed the issuance of 458,589,000 A Shares and listed on the Shanghai Stock
                    Exchange. After the completion of the issuance, the registered capital and share capital of the Company increased to
                    RMB4,827,256,868 (see Note 50(a)). Accordingly, the equity interest held directly by Huijin decreased to 40.11%.


                    (i)    Related party transactions with Huijin and Huijin’s affiliates
                           Huijin does not engage in other business activities, and does not intervene in the day-to-day business operations of
                           the key state-owned financial institutions it controls.


                           The Group enters into transactions with Central Huijin and its related parties in the ordinary course of business under
                           normal commercial terms. Corresponding transactions and balances with these banks and financial institutions were
                           as follows:
                                                                            China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report         317




55. ReLated PaRty ReLatIONsHIPs aNd tRaNsaCtIONs (continued)
   (a) the largest shareholder of the Company – Huijin (continued)
       (i)    Related party transactions with Huijin and Huijin’s affiliates (continued)
                                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                     2020                       2019


               Brokerage commission income                                                                    16,725,271                 6,034,143
               Underwriting and sponsoring fees                                                               78,441,988               73,646,600
               Asset management fees                                                                           1,064,125                 1,422,386
               Investment advisory fees                                                                                   –                462,508
               Interest income                                                                              866,345,958               615,378,578
               Net gains from financial instruments at fair value
                  through profit or loss                                                                      56,611,061              108,331,023
               Net gains from derivative financial instruments                                              181,895,569                28,398,742
               Other (losses)/income, net                                                                       (703,901)                  988,174
               Brokerage commission expenses                                                                  45,978,789                 8,831,438
               Underwriting and sponsoring expenses                                                                       –              5,683,333
               Asset management expenses                                                                      35,599,752               32,066,815
               Interest expenses                                                                            322,950,675               446,616,865
               Other operating expenses and costs                                                              8,308,280               30,515,219


       (ii)   the balances of transactions with Huijin and Huijin’s affiliates
                                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                                     2020                       2019


               Accounts receivable                                                                          892,335,688                40,015,099
               Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                          4,486,800,088               760,381,815
               Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                      3,558,032,591             3,211,657,414
               Refundable deposits                                                                            40,442,798                 2,618,691
               Derivative financial assets                                                                  929,893,328                71,099,866
               Cash and bank balances (Note)                                                            44,011,197,862             35,688,717,007
               Other non-current assets                                                                          930,481                          –
               Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                                   269,373,752                           –
               Derivative financial liabilities                                                             965,555,551                26,301,154
               Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                                          32,030,997                 8,026,660
               Placements from financial institutions                                                   10,490,809,695              5,563,531,463
               REPOs                                                                                      4,228,739,184                           –
               Short-term debt securities issued                                                              25,245,000                          –
               Long-term debt securities issued                                                           1,536,168,603             2,534,768,818
               Other current liabilities                                                                  1,298,816,638                65,755,852


              Note: Balances of deposits at Huijin’s affiliates include self-owned cash and bank balances and cash held on behalf of clients.
318   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      55. ReLated PaRty ReLatIONsHIPs aNd tRaNsaCtIONs (continued)
             (b) Related party transactions with key management personnel
                    The key management personnel are those who have the authority and responsibility to plan, direct and control directly or
                    indirectly, the activities of the Group, including members of the Board of Directors and the supervisory board, and other
                    senior executives. Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group is as follows:


                                                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                             2020                 2019


                      Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                         32,150,429        36,986,128
                      Discretionary bonuses (Note)                                                                     135,243,190       161,813,504
                      Retirement scheme contributions                                                                     869,714             1,140,110


                      Total                                                                                            168,263,333       199,939,742


                    Note: Total remuneration of key management personnel is included in “staff costs” (see Note 13).

             (c) Related party transactions with other shareholders
                    (i)    Related party transactions with other shareholders
                                                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                             2020                 2019


                              Brokerage commission income                                                                  12,954               57,502
                              Underwriting and sponsoring fees                                                                  –             5,127,236
                              Asset management fees                                                                             –         19,248,432
                              Interest expenses                                                                              7,689             213,023


                    (ii)   the balances of transactions with other shareholders
                                                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                                                                             2020                 2019


                              Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                                       210,514              579,180
                                                                     China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   319




55. ReLated PaRty ReLatIONsHIPs aNd tRaNsaCtIONs (continued)
   (d) Related party transactions with the Group’s associates and joint ventures
         (i)    Related party transactions with associates and joint ventures and their affiliates
                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                          2020                   2019


                 Brokerage commission income                                                        25,113,571              9,904,144
                 Investment advisory fees                                                           26,236,793             29,498,298
                 Asset management fees                                                              12,074,281             11,439,457
                 Asset management expenses                                                          12,462,334                 82,731
                 Interest income                                                                     6,123,248             13,217,503
                 Interest expenses                                                                      27,377                 27,435
                 Other operating expenses and costs                                                    659,210                      –
                 Provision for impairment losses under expected credit loss model                       11,269                      –


         (ii)   the balances of transactions with associates and joint ventures and their affiliates
                                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                                          2020                   2019


                 Accounts receivable                                                                32,211,963             16,226,219
                 Other non-current assets                                                         182,958,826            310,264,313
                 Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                                      905                   892
                 Other current liabilities                                                          12,080,000                664,792


   (e) applicability of the Listing Rules relating to connected transactions
         The related party transactions above do not constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions as
         defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The disclosures required by Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are provided in the
         Directors’ Reports.


   (f)   directors’ and supervisors’ interests in contracts and service contracts
         At any time during the year, none of the Group’s directors or supervisors had any interest, whether directly or indirectly, in
         any contract (excluding service contracts) of significance in relation to the Company’s business to which the Company, or its
         associated companies, is a party. None of the directors and supervisors has entered into a service contract with the Company
         that cannot be terminated by the Company within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory
         compensation).
320   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      56. FaIR VaLue INFORMatION
             The Group adopts the following methods and assumptions when evaluating fair values:


             (i)     Financial assets including cash and bank balances, cash held on behalf of clients and reverse REPOs and financial liabilities
                     including short-term placements from financial institutions and REPOs, are mainly instruments with floating interest rates or
                     for short-term financing. Accordingly, the carrying amounts approximate their fair values.


             (ii)    Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss or through other comprehensive income and derivatives are stated
                     at fair value. For financial instruments traded in active markets, the Group uses market prices as the best estimate for their
                     fair values. For financial instruments without any market price, the Group determines their fair values using discounted cash
                     flows or other valuation techniques.


             (iii)   The fair values of short-term and long-term debt securities issued are determined with reference to the available market
                     prices or quotes from brokers or agents. If there is no quoted market price in an active market, the Group estimates the fair
                     values using discounted cash flows or other valuation techniques with reference to the yields of financial instruments with
                     similar characteristics such as similar credit risk and maturity. The fair values of long-term debt securities issued are disclosed
                     in Note 46. The carrying amounts of short-term debt securities issued approximate their fair values.


             (iv)    Accounts receivable and accounts payable to brokerage clients are due mainly within one year. Accordingly, the carrying
                     amounts approximate their fair values.


             (a) Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
                     The Group measures fair values using the following fair value hierarchy that reflects the significance of the inputs used in
                     making the measurements:


                     –     Level I: Fair value measured using only Level I inputs (i.e. unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets
                           or liabilities) at the measurement date.


                     –     Level II: Fair value measured using Level II inputs (i.e. observable inputs which are unqualified as Level I inputs), and no
                           significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are the inputs for which market data are not available.


                     –     Level III: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs.


                     If there is a reliable market quote for a financial instrument, the fair value of the financial instrument is measured based on
                     quoted market price. If a reliable quoted market price is not available, the fair value of the financial instrument is estimated
                     using valuation techniques. For the fair value of financial instruments categorised within Level II, the valuation techniques
                     applied include discounted cash flow analysis and option pricing models. The significant observable inputs used in
                     the valuation techniques used for Level II include future cash flows estimated based on contractual terms, risk-free and
                     benchmark interest rates, credit spreads and foreign exchange rates. For the fair value of financial instruments categorised
                     within Level III, the valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs are disclosed in Note 56(a)(ii).
                                                                              China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report    321




56. FaIR VaLue INFORMatION (continued)
   (a) Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)
       The following table presents the analysis of financial instruments measured at fair value at the end of the year by the level in
       the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurement is categorised:


                                                                                          As at 31 December 2020
                                                                        Level I              Level II              Level III               Total


         Assets
         Financial assets at fair value through
           profit or loss
           – Equity securities                                  92,814,231,510          538,538,406        17,567,429,786       110,920,199,702
           – Debt securities                                     1,210,768,017        79,171,022,879          432,695,788        80,814,486,684
           – Funds and other investments                        11,965,827,662        43,571,807,870          333,375,727        55,871,011,259
         Derivative financial assets                              836,397,586         11,474,866,250                      –      12,311,263,836
         Financial assets at fair value through
           other comprehensive income
           – Debt securities                                                 –        37,212,187,524                      –      37,212,187,524


         Total                                                 106,827,224,775       171,968,422,929       18,333,501,301       297,129,149,005


         Liabilities
         Financial liabilities at fair value through
           profit or loss
           Financial liabilities held for trading
                 – Equity securities                            (5,889,938,351)          (14,184,233)                     –       (5,904,122,584)
                 – Debt securities                                           –        (1,066,167,906)                     –       (1,066,167,906)
                 – Funds and others                             (1,126,558,207)                    –                      –       (1,126,558,207)
           Financial liabilities designated as at fair value
                 through profit or loss
                 – Equity securities                                         –       (33,251,717,178)                     –     (33,251,717,178)
                 – Debt securities                                           –        (1,542,983,452)                     –       (1,542,983,452)
         Derivative financial liabilities                         (236,239,998)      (24,446,294,639)                     –     (24,682,534,637)


         Total                                                  (7,252,736,556)      (60,321,347,408)                     –     (67,574,083,964)
322   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      56. FaIR VaLue INFORMatION (continued)
             (a) Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)
                                                                                                   As at 31 December 2019
                                                                                   Level I            Level II                  Level III             Total


                      Assets
                      Financial assets at fair value through
                        profit or loss
                        – Equity securities                                 64,404,093,954       757,142,771           4,528,289,761         69,689,526,486
                        – Debt securities                                    2,579,599,611     73,222,018,204               329,221,497      76,130,839,312
                        – Funds and other investments                        2,467,332,952     19,904,195,371                          –     22,371,528,323
                      Derivative financial assets                              86,093,900       4,416,110,358                          –      4,502,204,258
                      Financial assets at fair value through other
                        comprehensive income
                        – Debt securities                                                –     28,985,823,339                          –     28,985,823,339


                      Total                                                 69,537,120,417    127,285,290,043          4,857,511,258        201,679,921,718


                      Liabilities
                      Financial liabilities at fair value through
                        profit or loss
                        Financial liabilities held for trading
                              – Equity securities                           (3,067,219,649)                 –                          –     (3,067,219,649)
                              – Debt securities                                          –       (833,356,562)                         –       (833,356,562)
                              – Funds and others                               (33,307,915)                 –                          –        (33,307,915)
                        Financial liabilities designated as at fair value
                              through profit or loss
                              – Equity securities                                        –    (20,673,051,510)                         –    (20,673,051,510)
                              – Debt securities                                          –     (1,963,383,218)                         –     (1,963,383,218)
                      Derivative financial liabilities                         (43,120,510)    (6,319,071,491)                         –     (6,362,192,001)


                      Total                                                 (3,143,648,074)   (29,788,862,781)                         –    (32,932,510,855)
                                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report     323




56. FaIR VaLue INFORMatION (continued)
   (a) Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)
       (i)   transfer between levels
             The Group’s investment in certain suspended stocks were transferred from Level I to Level II as the quoted prices of
             these stocks were no longer regularly available:


                                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                                                             2020                  2019


              Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                     29,534,998           11,254,310


             As of 31 December 2020, the Group’s equity securities of RMB33 million (31 December 2019: RMB249 million) were
             transferred from Level I or II to Level III, as the fair values of these securities were determined with the use of valuation
             techniques instead of quoted prices, due to events such as delisting.


             As of 31 December 2020, the Group’s debt securities of RMB388 million (31 December 2019: RMB121 million) were
             transferred from Level II to Level III as the fair values of these investments were determined with the use of valuation
             techniques instead of quoted prices, due to the credit risk in existence.


             As of 31 December 2020, the Group’s equity securities of RMB35 million (31 December 2019: RMB208 million) were
             transferred from Level III to Level I or II, as the fair values of these securities were determined with quoted prices
             instead of the use of valuation techniques, due to events such as listing or re-listing.


             Apart from the transfers above, for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, there was no other significant
             transfer among Level I, Level II and Level III for the Group’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value. In accordance
             with its accounting policies, the Group recognises transfers among the levels as at the end of the reporting period in
             which they occur.


             There is no significant change for the Group’s applied fair value valuation techniques in 2020.
324   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      56. FaIR VaLue INFORMatION (continued)
             (a) Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)
                    (ii)   Information about Level III fair value measurements
                           As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, it is estimated that the sensitivity of the Group’s profit or loss and other
                           comprehensive income to the fluctuation of parameters used in Level III fair value measurements is not significant.


                           The following table presents a reconciliation from the beginning balances to the ending balances of financial assets
                           measured at Level III fair value through profit or loss:


                                                                                                                               Financial assets
                                                                                                                                   at fair value
                                                                                                                                       through
                                                                                                                                   profit or loss


                             As at 1 January 2020                                                                                4,857,511,258


                             Gains for the year                                                                                  1,897,406,804
                             Purchases                                                                                          12,138,828,913
                             Sales and settlements                                                                                (945,940,038)
                             Transfer into Level III                                                                               420,628,728
                             Transfer out of Level III                                                                              (34,934,364)


                             As at 31 December 2020                                                                             18,333,501,301


                             Total gains for the year included in profit or loss for assets held at the end of the year          1,983,597,596


                                                                                                                                 Financial assets
                                                                                                                                     at fair value
                                                                                                                                        through
                                                                                                                                    profit or loss


                             As at 1 January 2019                                                                                  2,833,294,686


                             Gains for the year                                                                                       24,059,784
                             Purchases                                                                                             2,247,281,576
                             Sales and settlements                                                                                  (408,734,066)
                             Transfer into Level III                                                                                369,770,128
                             Transfer out of Level III                                                                              (208,160,850)


                             As at 31 December 2019                                                                                4,857,511,258


                             Total gains for the year included in profit or loss for assets held at the end of the year               21,235,787
                                                                          China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report       325




56. FaIR VaLue INFORMatION (continued)
   (a) Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)
       (ii)   Information about Level III fair value measurements (continued)
              For financial instruments in Level III, fair values are determined based on the capital account reports on these
              instruments obtained by management or by using valuation techniques, including valuation methods such as
              discounted cash flow model, comparable company analysis and recent financing price method. Determinations to
              classify fair value measures within Level III are generally based on the significance of the unobservable inputs to the
              overall fair value measurement. The following table presents the valuation techniques and inputs used for the major
              financial instruments in Level III.


                                                              Valuation                  Significant                  Relationship of
               Financial                  Fair value          technique(s)               unobservable                 unobservable
               instruments                hierarchy           and key input(s)           input(s)                     input(s) to fair value


               Debt securities            Level III           Discounted cash flow Discount rate                      The higher the discount,
                                                                 models                    (Note 1)                     the lower the fair value
               Equity securities          Level III           Option pricing             Historical volatility        The higher the volatility,
                                                                 models                    (Note 2)                     the lower the fair value
               Equity securities          Level III           Market comparable          Discount for lack of         The higher the discount,
                                                                 companies                 marketability                the lower the fair value
                                                                                           (Note 3)

              Note 1:     Discount rate, ranging from 2.47% to 3.36% (31 December 2019: 2.48% - 5.25%).

              Note 2:     Historical volatility, ranging from 22.57% to 90.00% (31 December 2019: 11.05% - 89.96%).

              Note 3:     Discount for lack of marketability is 60.00% (31 December 2019: 40.00% - 60.00%).

   (b) Fair value of financial assets and liabilities carried at other than fair value
       The fair values of long-term debt securities issued have been determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing
       models based on discounted cash flow analysis, with the most significant inputs being the discount rate that reflects the
       credit risk of the Group. The fair values of long-term debt securities issued are classified as Level II and disclosed in Note 46.


       Except for the above, the directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial
       liabilities carried at amortised cost in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position approximate their fair values.
326   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      57. OFFsettING OF FINaNCIaL assets aNd FINaNCIaL LIaBILItIes
             When there is a current legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis
             or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously, the relevant financial assets and liabilities:


             –        are offset in the consolidated statement of financial position of the Group; and


             –        are subject to an enforceable master netting agreement or similar agreement, irrespective of whether they are offset in the
                      consolidated statement of financial position of the Group.


             The table below presents the amount of accounts receivable and payable on the same settlement date and for the same currency
             on a net basis with Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited.


                                                                                                      As at 31 December 2020
                                                                        Gross amounts
                                                                          of recognised            Net amounts
                                                                     financial liabilities   of financial assets       Related amounts not set off
                                                                           set off in the     presented in the        in the consolidated statement
                                                Gross amounts             consolidated            consolidated             of financial position
                                                    of recognised          statement of            statement of           Financial
                                                financial assets     financial position      financial position        instruments        Cash collateral    Net amount


                 Accounts receivable from
                   clearinghouse                11,301,343,002          (9,255,571,852)          2,045,771,150           (2,692,821)                   –    2,043,078,329


                                                                                                      As at 31 December 2020
                                                                        Gross amounts
                                                                          of recognised         Net amounts of
                                                                        financial assets     financial liabilities     Related amounts not set off
                                                                           set off in the     presented in the        in the consolidated statement
                                                Gross amounts             consolidated            consolidated             of financial position
                                                    of recognised          statement of            statement of           Financial
                                             financial liabilities   financial position      financial position        instruments        Cash collateral    Net amount


                 Accounts payable to
                   clearinghouse                    9,258,264,673       (9,255,571,852)               2,692,821          (2,692,821)                   –               –
                                                                                    China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report              327




57. OFFsettING OF FINaNCIaL assets aNd FINaNCIaL LIaBILItIes (continued)
                                                                                          As at 31 December 2019
                                                         Gross amounts of           Net amounts of
                                                       recognised financial          financial assets        Related amounts not set off
                                                         liabilities set off in    presented in the         in the consolidated statement
                                  Gross amounts           the consolidated             consolidated                of financial position
                                   of recognised               statement of            statement of             Financial
                                  financial assets       financial position       financial position         instruments            Cash collateral   Net amount


    Accounts receivable from
      clearinghouse                5,266,345,986             (5,018,720,430)            247,625,556         (239,693,344)                        –      7,932,212


                                                                                          As at 31 December 2019
                                                         Gross amounts of           Net amounts of
                                                       recognised financial       financial liabilities      Related amounts not set off
                                                            assets set off in      presented in the         in the consolidated statement
                                  Gross amounts           the consolidated             consolidated                of financial position
                                   of recognised               statement of            statement of             Financial
                               financial liabilities     financial position       financial position         instruments            Cash collateral   Net amount


    Accounts payable to
      clearinghouse                5,258,413,774             (5,018,720,430)            239,693,344         (239,693,344)                        –             –
328   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      58. FINaNCIaL RIsK MaNaGeMeNt
             The Group’s risk management aims to effectively allocate risk-based capital, limit risks to a controllable level, maximise the
             corporate value and constantly solidify the foundation for a steady and sustainable development of the Group. The Group monitors
             and controls key exposures to credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk by using financial instruments.


             (a) Credit risk
                    Credit risk refers to the risk resulting from defaults or deterioration in creditworthiness of counterparties, borrowers and
                    security issuers.


                    The exposure to credit risk of the Group arises mainly from: (1) Credit risk from debtors’ default or bankruptcy, including the
                    loss due to default of intermediary institutions (such as brokers or custodian banks). The risk exposure is the total value of
                    outstanding debts; (2) Credit risk from counterparty’s default on the over-the-counter (“OTC”) derivative transactions (such
                    as swaps or forward transactions). The risk exposure is determined by the changes in the market value of the derivatives; (3)
                    Credit risk from the defaults or deterioration in creditworthiness of bond issuers.


                    At the end of the reporting period, the Group’s maximum credit risk exposure is the net carrying amount of financial assets
                    without taking account of any collateral or other credit enhancements.


                    Measurement of expected credit losses
                    The Group recognises an impairment loss allowance for financial assets measured at amortised cost (including receivable
                    from margin clients, reverse REPOs, etc.) and debt securities measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
                    via ECL model. The measurement of the ECL is based on the Probability of Default (“PD”), Loss Given Default (“LGD”) and
                    Exposure at Default (“EAD”).


                    A default is that a client or a financer or issuer of investment products fails to fulfil the contract. PD is an estimate of the
                    likelihood of default over a given time horizon. The Group estimates the PD based on its internal rating model, integrating
                    factors such as external rating information, macroeconomic environment and changes in quantitative and qualitative
                    indicators of the counterparties or bonds issuers. LGD is an estimate of the loss bore by the Group on the exposure at default.
                    In the determination of LGD, the Group estimates the recoverable cash flow from disposing underlying assets and collaterals
                    by taking their liquidity and relevant historical market data into full consideration, and estimates LGD based on the difference
                    between the recoverable and the contracted cash flows. EAD is the amount that shall be repaid to the Group when a default
                    occurs within a given period of time. When measuring the ECL, the Group classifies the assets into different risk stages based
                    on whether the credit risk of each asset has increased significantly since the initial recognition. Accordingly, the Group
                    measures the loss allowance on either a 12-month or the lifetime basis for the investments at different risk stages.
                                                                        China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report       329




58. FINaNCIaL RIsK MaNaGeMeNt (continued)
   (a) Credit risk (continued)
        Measurement of expected credit losses (continued)
        Provision method of eCL
        The Group recognises impairment provision of debt securities investment and margin financing business based on ECL.
        For the financial instruments for which the ECL measurement is used, the Group classifies these financial instruments
        into different risk stages based on whether the credit risk of each instrument has increased significantly since the initial
        recognition. The financial instruments with lower credit risk on the balance sheet date or of which the credit risk has not
        increased significantly since the initial recognition will be classified into “Stage 1”; the financial instruments of which the
        credit risk has increased significantly since the initial recognition will be classified into “Stage 2”; and the financial instruments
        that have been credit-impaired will be transferred into “Stage 3”. The Group measures ECL based on the parameters such as
        PD, LGD and EAD.


        the criteria of significant increase in credit risk (“sICR”)
        The Group considers a financial instrument experiencing SICR when one or more of the following quantitative and qualitative
        criteria have been met: (1) for debt securities investment business: the latest external or internal ratings of the bond issuer
        or debt securities per se decline substantially compared with their ratings on the initial recognition, or there are adverse
        changes in business, financial or external conditions of the bond issuer and these adverse changes are expected to cause a
        significant decrease in the bond issuer’s ability to meet its obligations; or (2) for margin financing business: the performance
        guarantee ratio is lower than the agreed prior-warning line, collaterals are suspended continuously or have adverse changes
        in their conditions, assets held by the debtors have significant deterioration in qualities, or a debt is approaching its maturity
        with a risk of default.


        definition criteria of credit-impaired assets
        The Group considers that a financial instrument has been credit-impaired when (1) for debt securities: the bond issuer
        is unable to perform the payment obligations as agreed, has other default bonds or is in a circumstance that can be
        determined as in default, e.g. having significant financial difficulties; (2) for margin financing business: the margin financing
        client violates the business agreement, e.g. the client fails to remargin in a timely manner when the margin ratio is below the
        agreed level, the client fails to fully repay the debt when a margin call is triggered, the margin is unable to be closed out due
        to the suspension of trading of the collaterals, the client fails to fully repay the debt when the contract expires, or the shares
        used as pledge/guarantee are frozen by judicial system.


        Forward-looking information
        The Group measures ECL using forward looking information without undue costs or inputs. The Group used forecasted
        values of changes in consumer price index and changes in national RMB borrowings as the basis, established relationship
        between these two macroeconomic indicators and default rates by statistical models, set out different scenario weightings,
        in order to determine an overall adjustment to default rates. The Group determined the forecasted values for the above two
        macroeconomic indicators to be 1.34% and 11.00% for 2020 based on publicly available forecast data from third parties.
        The parameter for the adjustment was determined through the weighted average under optimistic, neutral and pessimistic
        scenarios in combination with qualitative analysis method.
330   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      58. FINaNCIaL RIsK MaNaGeMeNt (continued)
             (a) Credit risk (continued)
                    debt securities (including debt securities measured at FVtPL and at FVtOCI)
                    The Group focuses on diversifying investments in credit-type fixed income securities which are mainly high-credit rating
                    products. The Group controls the exposure of the market risk and credit risk by setting investment position limit and by
                    classifying the sub-investment varieties, sub-credit rating limits and concentration limits. Moreover, the Group continuously
                    tracks the bond issuers’ business conditions and credit rating changes through monitoring, pre-warning, risk detecting, etc.


                    The carrying amount of the Group’s debt securities are as follows:


                                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                                     2020                   2019


                      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                               80,814,486,684         76,130,839,312
                      Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                   37,212,187,524         28,985,823,339


                      Total                                                                              118,026,674,208        105,116,662,651


                   (i)     The exposure to credit risk for debt securities at FVTPL and FVTOCI by geographic region was as follows.

                                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                                     2020                   2019


                              Mainland China                                                             117,490,283,780        104,620,412,929
                              Outside mainland China                                                         536,390,428              496,249,722


                              Total                                                                      118,026,674,208        105,116,662,651
                                                                             China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report           331




58. FINaNCIaL RIsK MaNaGeMeNt (continued)
   (a) Credit risk (continued)
        debt securities (including debt securities measured at FVtPL and at FVtOCI) (continued)
        (ii)   The following table presents an analysis of the credit quality of debt securities at FVTPL and FVTOCI.

                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                  2020                                         2019
                                                                                                  FVTOCI                                       FVTOCI
                Credit rating                                                FVTPL         12-month ECL                   FVTPL         12-month ECL


                Outside mainland China
                  (by international rating agencies)
                  – AAA                                                     13,428                      –                13,636                      –
                  – From AA- to AA+                                    195,266,774                      –                     –                      –
                  – From A- to A+                                      976,835,477         1,266,183,968           1,351,421,066         1,707,571,481
                  – Below A-                                        11,918,910,384         2,473,257,046          12,495,297,861         3,048,454,944


                Subtotal                                            13,091,026,063         3,739,441,014          13,846,732,563         4,756,026,425


                Mainland China
                  (by domestic rating agencies)
                  – AAA                                             36,619,827,151        29,898,050,228          35,190,458,884        23,966,979,878
                  – From AA- to AA+                                  6,886,308,780           487,227,674           6,177,409,481           61,144,700
                  – From A- to A+                                    1,850,277,198                      –          1,016,894,182                     –
                  – Below A-                                           502,380,429                      –            281,753,183                     –


                Subtotal                                            45,858,793,558        30,385,277,902          42,666,515,730        24,028,124,578


                Non-rated I (Note 1)                                 5,953,043,593         3,087,468,608           1,304,072,061          201,672,336
                Non-rated II (Note 2)                               15,911,623,470                      –         18,313,518,958                     –


                Total                                               80,814,486,684        37,212,187,524          76,130,839,312        28,985,823,339


                Impairment loss allowance                                                    (18,166,922)                                  (17,043,688)


               Note 1:          These non-rated financial assets mainly include government bonds, central bank bills and policy financial bonds.

               Note 2:          These non-rated financial assets are mainly other debt securities and trading securities with no ratings provided by
                                independent rating agencies.

               The Group did not have any debt securities that were past due but not impaired at 31 December 2020 and 31
               December 2019.
332   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      58. FINaNCIaL RIsK MaNaGeMeNt (continued)
             (a) Credit risk (continued)
                    debt securities (including debt securities measured at FVtPL and at FVtOCI) (continued)
                   (iii) Movement of impairment loss allowance
                           The movement in impairment loss allowance for debt investments at FVTOCI during the year was as follows.


                                                                                                                    12-month ECL
                                                                                                                     2020                 2019


                             As at 1 January 2020                                                             17,043,688            20,151,854


                             Changes due to financial instruments recognised
                                as at 1 January 2020:
                             Impairment losses recognised                                                      2,167,942               323,121
                             Impairment losses reversed                                                        (3,459,968)           (1,710,316)
                             New financial assets originated or purchased                                     12,484,361            10,215,082
                             Financial assets derecognised (including written-offs)                            (9,351,307)          (12,197,036)
                             Others                                                                              (717,794)             260,983


                             As at 31 December 2020                                                           18,166,922            17,043,688


                           As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, there was no lifetime ECL on debt investments held by the Group.


                    Other non-derivative financial investments (other than debt securities)
                    The Group has adopted the following measures to manage credit risk in capital businesses including margin financing and
                    stock-based lending businesses: vetting counterparties and assigning credit ratings and lending limits to the counterparties;
                    managing collaterals (via haircut rates, liquidity and concentration) and closely monitoring margin ratios and/or collateral
                    ratios, and establishing and implementing margin call and mandatory liquidation policy.


                   (i)     The exposure to credit risk for financial assets other than debt securities at the reporting date by geographic region
                           was as follows.

                                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                                     2020                 2019


                             Mainland China                                                             161,864,911,019        112,313,223,169
                             Outside mainland China                                                      54,449,388,368         23,169,562,246


                             Total                                                                      216,314,299,387        135,482,785,415
                                                                     China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   333




58. FINaNCIaL RIsK MaNaGeMeNt (continued)
   (a) Credit risk (continued)
        Other non-derivative financial investments (other than debt securities) (continued)
        (ii)   Movement of impairment loss allowance
               The movement in impairment loss allowance for other financial instruments (other than debt investments) at
               amortised cost during the year was as follows.


               (1)   Financial assets held under resale agreements

                                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                     Lifetime ECL-     Lifetime ECL-
                                                                                         not credit           credit
                                                                 12-month ECL            impaired          impaired             Total


                      As at 1 January 2020                             5,831,361          769,153        23,997,626        30,598,140


                      Changes due to financial instruments
                         recognised as at 1 January 2020:
                         – Transfer to credit-impaired                   (13,715)                –           13,715                 –
                         – Transfer to lifetime ECL                     (252,621)         252,621                  –                –
                         – Transfer to 12m ECL                           192,970          (192,970)                –                –
                         – Impairment losses recognised                9,377,301         1,184,818      238,862,186      249,424,305
                         – Impairment losses reversed                   (264,067)                –        (6,000,000)      (6,264,067)
                      New financial assets originated
                         or purchased                                 30,386,511         5,949,374       16,456,111        52,791,996
                      Financial assets derecognised
                         (including written-offs)                     (3,959,617)         (576,183)     (19,397,794)      (23,933,594)
                      Others                                                   –                 –                 –                –


                      Impairment loss allowance
                         as at 31 December 2020                       41,298,123         7,386,813      253,931,844      302,616,780


                      Gross carrying amount
                         as at 31 December 2020                 16,951,368,082      1,291,037,939       490,907,907 18,733,313,928
334   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      58. FINaNCIaL RIsK MaNaGeMeNt (continued)
             (a) Credit risk (continued)
                    Other non-derivative financial investments (other than debt securities) (continued)
                   (ii)    Movement of impairment loss allowance (continued)
                           (1)    Financial assets held under resale agreements (continued)

                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                                 Lifetime ECL-    Lifetime ECL-
                                                                                                    not credit           credit
                                                                               12-month ECL          impaired         impaired              Total


                                    As at 1 January 2019                          15,263,462        8,670,861       49,860,126        73,794,449


                                    Changes due to financial instruments
                                      recognised as at 1 January 2019:
                                      – Transfer to credit-impaired                  (74,922)                –          74,922                  –
                                      – Transfer to lifetime ECL                    (545,763)      10,399,527        (9,853,764)                –
                                      – Transfer to 12m ECL                        6,391,689        (6,391,689)                –                –
                                      – Impairment losses recognised                 255,631          431,557        5,964,234          6,651,422
                                      – Impairment losses reversed                 (9,537,456)     (10,063,097)    (16,900,270)       (36,500,823)
                                    New financial assets originated
                                      or purchased                                   204,856            1,065                  –         205,921
                                    Financial assets derecognised
                                      (including written-offs)                     (6,126,136)      (2,279,071)      (5,147,622)      (13,552,829)


                                    Impairment loss allowance
                                      as at 31 December 2019                       5,831,361          769,153       23,997,626        30,598,140


                                    Gross carrying amount
                                      as at 31 December 2019                  12,983,070,969      416,440,743      930,023,341     14,329,535,053
                                                               China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   335




58. FINaNCIaL RIsK MaNaGeMeNt (continued)
   (a) Credit risk (continued)
        Other non-derivative financial investments (other than debt securities) (continued)
        (ii)   Movement of impairment loss allowance (continued)
               (2)   Receivable from margin clients

                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                               Lifetime ECL-     Lifetime ECL-
                                                                                   not credit           credit
                                                              12-month ECL         impaired          impaired             Total


                      As at 1 January 2020                      22,634,834         1,029,104       19,288,172        42,952,110


                      Changes due to financial instruments
                        recognised as at 1 January 2020:
                        – Transfer to credit-impaired               (22,423)         (24,413)          46,836                 –
                        – Transfer to lifetime ECL               (1,090,117)       1,090,117                 –                –
                        – Transfer to 12m ECL                      852,501          (615,411)        (237,090)                –
                        – Impairment losses recognised          74,420,775         3,252,465           93,449        77,766,689
                        – Impairment losses reversed             (1,704,912)        (175,891)           (2,972)      (1,883,775)
                      New financial assets originated
                        or purchased                            39,609,040          338,425             3,057        39,950,522
                      Financial assets derecognised
                        (including written-offs)                 (2,718,590)         (62,303)       (1,091,670)      (3,872,563)
                      Others                                       (150,136)               –      (17,959,411)      (18,109,547)


                      Impairment loss allowance
                        as at 31 December 2020                 131,830,972         4,832,093          140,371      136,803,436


                      Gross carrying amount
                        as at 31 December 2020               33,048,396,685     945,529,412        27,690,618 34,021,616,715
336   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      58. FINaNCIaL RIsK MaNaGeMeNt (continued)
             (a) Credit risk (continued)
                    Other non-derivative financial investments (other than debt securities) (continued)
                   (ii)    Movement of impairment loss allowance (continued)
                           (2)    Receivable from margin clients (continued)

                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                                 Lifetime ECL-    Lifetime ECL-
                                                                                                    not credit           credit
                                                                               12-month ECL          impaired         impaired              Total


                                    As at 1 January 2019                          23,692,459                –          239,351        23,931,810


                                    Changes due to financial instruments
                                      recognised as at 1 January 2019:
                                      – Transfer to credit-impaired                (1,412,419)              –        1,412,419                  –
                                      – Transfer to lifetime ECL                   (1,002,859)      1,004,027            (1,168)                –
                                      – Transfer to 12m ECL                            7,222                –            (7,222)                –
                                      – Impairment losses recognised                4,193,670         279,472          523,425          4,996,567
                                      – Impairment losses reversed                 (7,675,551)       (435,942)        (657,389)        (8,768,882)
                                    New financial assets originated
                                      or purchased                                  7,128,369         181,547       17,781,333        25,091,249
                                    Financial assets derecognised
                                      (including written-offs)                     (2,347,955)              –         (198,856)        (2,546,811)
                                    Others                                            51,898                –          196,279           248,177


                                    Impairment loss allowance
                                      as at 31 December 2019                      22,634,834        1,029,104       19,288,172        42,952,110


                                    Gross carrying amount
                                      as at 31 December 2019                   22,261,269,050     628,039,868      343,594,082     23,232,903,000
                                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   337




58. FINaNCIaL RIsK MaNaGeMeNt (continued)
   (a) Credit risk (continued)
        Other non-derivative financial investments (other than debt securities) (continued)
        (ii)   Movement of impairment loss allowance (continued)
               (3)   Other financial instruments at amortised cost

                                                                                    Year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                     Lifetime ECL-     Lifetime ECL-
                                                                                        not credit            credit
                                                                12-month ECL             impaired          impaired              Total


                      As at 1 January 2020                             591,187         13,416,548       247,094,928       261,102,663


                      Changes due to financial instruments
                         recognised as at 1 January 2020:
                         – Transfer to credit-impaired                        –                 –                  –                 –
                         – Transfer to lifetime ECL                           –                 –                  –                 –
                         – Transfer to 12m ECL                                –                 –                  –                 –
                         – Impairment losses recognised              87,187,854        40,835,118       299,837,451       427,860,423
                         – Impairment losses reversed                   (93,674)             (494)        (3,763,460)       (3,857,628)
                      New financial assets originated
                         or purchased                            160,325,843           12,810,836           676,754       173,813,433
                      Financial assets derecognised
                         (including written-offs)                    (1,726,376)                –       (40,827,360)       (42,553,736)
                      Others                                           (119,924)         (363,908)      (14,130,532)       (14,614,364)


                      Impairment loss allowance
                         as at 31 December 2020                  246,164,910           66,698,100       488,887,781       801,750,791


                      Gross carrying amount
                         as at 31 December 2020              137,087,617,961        3,073,423,290       576,138,791 140,737,180,042
338   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      58. FINaNCIaL RIsK MaNaGeMeNt (continued)
             (a) Credit risk (continued)
                    Other non-derivative financial investments (other than debt securities) (continued)
                   (ii)    Movement of impairment loss allowance (continued)
                           (3)    Other financial instruments at amortised cost (continued)

                                                                                                Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                                Lifetime ECL-     Lifetime ECL-
                                                                                                   not credit            credit
                                                                             12-month ECL           impaired          impaired              Total


                                    As at 1 January 2019                          1,101,767       12,970,943        66,732,674        80,805,384


                                    Changes due to financial instruments
                                      recognised as at 1 January 2019:
                                      – Transfer to credit-impaired                 (12,296)               –            12,296                  –
                                      – Transfer to lifetime ECL                          –                –                  –                 –
                                      – Transfer to 12m ECL                               –                –                  –                 –
                                      – Impairment losses recognised                94,364           724,363       136,612,022       137,430,749
                                      – Impairment losses reversed                  (43,414)        (288,977)        (1,607,335)       (1,939,726)
                                    New financial assets originated
                                      or purchased                                 305,128            10,219        57,119,783        57,435,130
                                    Financial assets derecognised
                                      (including written-offs)                    (853,819)                –        (13,475,491)      (14,329,310)
                                    Others                                            (543)                –         1,700,979          1,700,436


                                    Impairment loss allowance
                                      as at 31 December 2019                       591,187        13,416,548       247,094,928       261,102,663


                                    Gross carrying amount
                                      as at 31 December 2019                 76,813,443,146     3,867,029,091      258,370,404     80,938,842,641


                                  Other financial instruments at amortised cost mainly include accounts receivable, other receivables and deposits
                                  with banks.
                                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report      339




58. FINaNCIaL RIsK MaNaGeMeNt (continued)
   (a) Credit risk (continued)
        derivatives
        Regarding the counterparty credit risk of the OTC derivatives business, the Group has established a counterparty credit
        rating system. Through a combination of qualitative and quantitative methods, it comprehensively evaluates counterparty
        qualifications and assigns credit ratings accordingly. On the basis of credit ratings, the Group sets corresponding credit
        risk exposure limits for counterparties, and manages counterparty credit risk by signing OTC derivatives trading master
        agreements and performance guarantee agreements, and requiring performance guarantees. The Group calculates the
        minimum amount required as OTC counterparty’s performance collateral and credit risk exposure through the establishment
        of a dynamic scenario combined with stress test, and performs daily measurement and monitoring through the system. In
        view of this, the Group maintains the credit risk exposure of derivatives transactions within an acceptable range.


   (b) Liquidity risk
        Liquidity risk refers to the risks arising from the Group’s inability to obtain sufficient funds at reasonable costs in a timely
        manner to settle debts due, fulfill other payment obligations, and satisfy the funding needs in conducting ordinary business
        operations.


        The Group implements vertical and centralised management on liquidity risks of all domestic and overseas branches and
        subsidiaries. The Group has adopted the following measures to manage liquidity risk: closely monitoring balance sheets of
        the Group and its branches and subsidiaries, and managing liquidity gaps between assets and liabilities; setting liquidity risk
        limits based on the Group’s overall situation and regulatory requirement; conducting cash flow forecast and liquidity risk
        stress test on a regular and irregular basis to analyse and assess the Group’s liquidity risk exposure; maintaining adequate
        high-quality liquid assets and establishing liquidity contingency plan for potential liquidity emergencies.


        The following tables show the undiscounted contractual cash flows of the Group’s non-derivative and derivative financial
        liabilities (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, rates prevailing at the end of the year)
        calculated based on the earliest date the Group can be required to pay, by the remaining contractual maturities of these
        liabilities at the end of the year:
340   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      58. FINaNCIaL RIsK MaNaGeMeNt (continued)
             (b) Liquidity risk (continued)
                                                                                                              As at 31 December 2020
                                                                        Overdue/
                                                                       repayable       Within 1 year          1 – 5 years        More than
                                                                      on demand           (inclusive)         (inclusive)           5 years       Undated             Total


                      Financial liabilities
                        Accounts payable to brokerage clients      70,655,180,456                   –                   –                    –          –    70,655,180,456
                        Placements from financial institutions                  –     34,693,675,373                    –                    –          –    34,693,675,373
                        Financial liabilities at fair value
                              through profit or loss                            –     42,861,548,262          31,204,353                     –          –    42,892,752,615
                        Derivative financial liabilities (Note)                 –     24,274,292,861        404,514,934           3,726,842             –    24,682,534,637
                        REPOs                                                   –     25,176,471,507                    –                    –          –    25,176,471,507
                        Short-term debt securities issued                       –     24,786,178,088       1,777,427,519                     –          –    26,563,605,607
                        Long-term debt securities issued                        –     25,317,890,096     107,220,070,994      8,273,380,000             –   140,811,341,090
                        Lease liabilities                                       –       583,385,659         631,680,737         80,101,973              –     1,295,168,369
                        Others                                     55,400,011,773     29,438,926,631          13,888,735                     –          –    84,852,827,139


                      Total                                       126,055,192,229    207,132,368,477     110,078,787,272      8,357,208,815             –   451,623,556,793


                                                                                                               As at 31 December 2019
                                                                        Overdue/
                                                                        repayable       Within 1 year          1 – 5 years        More than
                                                                       on demand           (inclusive)         (inclusive)              5 years   Undated              Total


                      Financial liabilities
                        Accounts payable to brokerage clients       48,337,872,171                  –                   –                    –          –     48,337,872,171
                        Placements from financial institutions                  –      24,336,819,054                   –                    –          –     24,336,819,054
                        Financial liabilities at fair value
                              through profit or loss                            –      26,362,724,129         207,594,725                    –          –     26,570,318,854
                        Derivative financial liabilities (Note)                 –       6,096,910,786         265,278,058                3,157          –      6,362,192,001
                        REPOs                                                   –      24,713,038,178                   –                    –          –     24,713,038,178
                        Short-term debt securities issued                       –      20,788,452,951         689,966,100                    –          –     21,478,419,051
                        Long-term debt securities issued                        –      24,639,949,705      61,089,800,034                    –          –     85,729,749,739
                        Lease liabilities                                       –         542,975,636         953,370,780         90,777,171            –      1,587,123,587
                        Others                                      32,768,536,091     23,409,982,773          15,941,337                    –          –     56,194,460,201


                      Total                                         81,106,408,262    150,890,853,212      63,221,951,034         90,780,328            –    295,309,992,836


                    Note: The undiscounted contractual net cash outflows on derivative liabilities is presented on a net basis.
                                                                      China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report       341




58. FINaNCIaL RIsK MaNaGeMeNt (continued)
   (c) Market risk
       Market risk is the risk of loss of the Group’s income and value of financial instruments arising from the adverse market
       movements such as unfavourable changes in interest rates, stock prices and exchange rates. The objectives of market risk
       management are to monitor the market risk and control it within the acceptable range and to maximise the risk adjusted
       return. Stress testing is conducted regularly, and the risk control indicators and operating indicators in a variety of scenarios
       are calculated. The Group monitors the market risk for investment portfolios and non-trading portfolios separately.


       (i)   Market risk of investment portfolios
             Investment portfolio includes financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets at fair value through
             other comprehensive income, derivative financial assets, financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, derivative
             financial liabilities. The risk exposures are measured and monitored in terms of principal, stop loss limit, etc., and are
             maintained within the limits set up by management. The Group adopts various kinds of methods (such as Value-at-Risk
             (“VaR”), sensitivity limit, investment concentration limit, scenario analysis and stress test) to manage market risk. The VaR
             analysis is a major tool used by the Group to measure and monitor market risk of the investment portfolios.


             VaR is a technique which estimates the potential losses that could incur on risk positions taken, due to the adverse
             market movements, such as unfavourable changes in interest rates, stock prices, foreign exchange rates and so on over
             a specified time horizon and at a given level of confidence. The independent risk management personnel of the Group
             computes VaR by using a historical simulation method and implements relevant control measurements over the
             market risk. The historical simulation method is used to simulate future profit or loss based on the historical fluctuation
             of the key market risk factors and on the sensitivity of current investment portfolio in respect of such risk factors.


             The Group has adopted the historical simulation method and set 95% as its confidence level to compute its daily VaR
             based on historical data of the previous three years, i.e. there is 95% chance that the expected loss based on historical
             data will not exceed the VaR value regarding the Group’s investment portfolio. Although VaR is an important tool
             for measuring market risk, the assumptions on which the model is based do have some limitations, including the
             following:


             –     When there is severe market illiquidity for a prolonged period, the realisable value of the Group’s investment
                   portfolio in a trade day may vary from the expected value due to a 1-day time horizon for VaR;


             –     The assigned confidence level of 95% does not reflect losses that may occur beyond this level. Even within the
                   model used there is a probability of 5% that losses could exceed the VaR;


             –     VaR is calculated on an end-of-day basis and does not reflect intraday exposures; and


             –     The use of historical data as a basis for determining the possible distribution of future outcomes may not always
                   cover all possible scenarios, especially those of an exceptional nature.
342   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      58. FINaNCIaL RIsK MaNaGeMeNt (continued)
             (c) Market risk (continued)
                    (i)    Market risk of investment portfolios (continued)
                           The following tables set forth the Group computed VaRs by risk categories as of the dates and for the years of 2020
                           and 2019 respectively:


                                                                       As at 31                Year ended 31 December 2020
                                                              December 2020               Average              Highest               Lowest


                             Equity prices                        168,760,417         159,476,256          271,586,230          32,843,887
                             Interest rates                        35,629,109          43,610,214           53,094,558          29,775,232
                             Currency rates                        37,172,023          36,988,612           43,489,561          25,464,285
                             Commodity prices                        1,309,872           1,359,948           5,372,547              283,783
                             Diversification effect               (63,062,795)         (71,837,789)


                             Total portfolio                      179,808,626         169,597,241          267,183,358          62,439,644


                                                                       As at 31                 Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                               December 2019               Average              Highest              Lowest


                             Equity prices                           30,936,433          27,295,314          63,327,778            8,266,060
                             Interest rates                          36,577,675          53,170,545          63,897,038           35,413,961
                             Currency rates                          33,886,625          31,963,024          43,034,370           10,516,056
                             Commodity prices                         3,833,248           1,392,051           6,264,911               49,390
                             Diversification effect                 (47,366,615)        (44,154,634)


                             Total portfolio                         57,867,366          69,666,300          98,072,104           50,664,887
                                                                         China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report     343




58. FINaNCIaL RIsK MaNaGeMeNt (continued)
   (c) Market risk (continued)
        (ii)   Market risk of non-trading portfolios
               (1)   Interest rate risk
                     The non-trading portfolios of the Group are subject to the risk of interest rate fluctuations. Except for the
                     financial assets and liabilities managed through VaR, the Group’s major interest-earning assets in its non-trading
                     portfolios include deposits at banks and in clearinghouses, receivable from margin clients and reverse REPOs;
                     and its interest-bearing liabilities mainly include short-term debt securities issued, placements from financial
                     institutions, REPOs and long-term debt securities issued.


                     The Group adopts sensitivity analysis to measure the interest rate risk of non-trading portfolios. Assuming all
                     other variables remain constant, interest rate sensitivity analysis is as follows:


                                                                                                    Sensitivity of net profit and equity
                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                2020                  2019


                         Changes in basis points
                         Increase by 50 basis points                                                   (287,838,356)         (213,876,502)
                         Decrease by 50 basis points or decrease to 0                                     323,448,026         224,548,089


                     The sensitivity analysis is based on the static rate risk profile of the Group’s assets and liabilities. The sensitivity
                     analysis measures the impact of changes in interest rates within one year and shows how annualised net profit
                     or loss and equity would have been affected by repricing of the Group’s assets and liabilities within the one-year
                     period. The sensitivity analysis is based on the following assumptions that:


                     –       The 50 basis points of changes in interest rates at the end of the reporting periods apply to all of the
                             Group’s non-trading financial instruments in the next 12 months;


                     –       There is a parallel shift in the yield curve with the changes in interest rate;


                     –       There are no changes to the assets and liabilities portfolios;


                     –       Other variables (including exchange rates) remain unchanged; and


                     –       Risk management measures undertaken by the Group are not considered.


                     As the actual changes of interest rate might be different from the above assumptions, the impact of the interest
                     rate changes on the Group’s net profit and equity might vary from the estimated results of the sensitivity
                     analysis.
344   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      58. FINaNCIaL RIsK MaNaGeMeNt (continued)
             (c) Market risk (continued)
                    (ii)   Market risk of non-trading portfolios (continued)
                           (2)    Currency risk
                                  Currency risk is the risk arising from fluctuation of foreign exchange rates. The table below presents the
                                  exchange rate sensitivity analysis of the Group’s major currency risk exposures, which calculates the effect of
                                  reasonably possible changes in the foreign exchange rate on net profit and equity where all other variables are
                                  held constant. This analysis does not take into account the correlations between the exchange rate changes of
                                  different currencies, nor does it take into account the measures that the Group may take to address the adverse
                                  impact of foreign exchange exposure on profit.


                                                                                                         Sensitivity of net profit and equity
                                                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         Changes in
                                    Currency                                         exchange rates                  2020                 2019


                                    USD                                                           1%        (257,483,322)          (246,649,458)
                                    HKD                                                           1%          80,385,868            23,097,907
                                    Others                                                        1%            1,773,972             1,381,543


                                  While the table above indicates the effect on net profit and equity of 1% appreciation of USD, HKD and other
                                  foreign currencies, there will be an opposite effect with the same amount if the currencies depreciate by the
                                  same percentage.
                                                                        China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report         345




58. FINaNCIaL RIsK MaNaGeMeNt (continued)
   (c) Market risk (continued)
         (ii)   Market risk of non-trading portfolios (continued)
                (2)   Currency risk (continued)
                      The table below presents the Group’s exposure to foreign exchange risk as at 31 December 2020 and 31
                      December 2019. The Group’s exposure to RMB is presented in the tables below for comparison purposes.
                      Included in the table are the carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities of the Group in RMB equivalent,
                      categorized by the original currencies.


                                                                                      As at 31 December 2020
                                                                         USD in RMB            HKD in RMB        Other in RMB
                                                             RMB           equivalent           equivalent         equivalent             Total


                       Net exposure in the
                         consolidated statement
                         of financial position    108,221,153,244     (41,876,793,298)       5,012,104,375       458,668,673     71,815,132,994


                                                                                        As at 31 December 2019
                                                                          USD in RMB            HKD in RMB       Other in RMB
                                                                RMB        equivalent            equivalent         equivalent             Total


                       Net exposure in the
                         consolidated statement
                         of financial position      66,433,886,158     (21,461,009,199)       3,268,258,520        290,399,956    48,531,535,435


59. CaPItaL MaNaGeMeNt
   The Group’s capital management policy is to maintain an adequate capital base, so as to retain the confidence of the investors,
   the creditors and the counterparties and to ensure the sound development of future business. The objective of the Group’s capital
   management is to meet legal and regulatory requirements, while maintaining adequate capital and maximising returns. Based on
   its strategic plan, its business development needs and the tendency in its risk exposure, the Group carries out the forecast, planning
   and management of its regulatory capital through scenario analysis and stress testing.


   The Group calculates its regulatory capital in accordance with relevant regulations applicable in the local jurisdiction and which
   may varies from jurisdictions. The Company calculates regulatory capital in accordance with the Provisions on the Calculation Basis
   for Risk Control Indicators of Securities Companies (CSRC Announcement [2020] No. 10) issued by the CSRC on 23 January 2020.
346   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      59. CaPItaL MaNaGeMeNt (continued)
             In accordance with CSRC Announcement [2020] No. 10, the Company is required to meet the following standards for risk control
             indicators on a continual basis:


             (i)     Risk Coverage Ratio (Net capital/Total risk capital reserves×100%) shall be no less than 100% (“Ratio i”);


             (ii)    Capital Leverage Ratio (Core net capital/Total on-and-off-balance-sheet assets×100%) shall be no less than 8% (“Ratio ii”);


             (iii)   Liquidity Coverage Ratio (High quality liquid assets/Total net cash outflows over the next 30 days×100%) shall be no less than
                     100% (“Ratio iii”);


             (iv)    Net Stable Funding Ratio (Stable funding available/Stable funding required×100%) shall be no less than 100% (“Ratio iv”);


             (v)     The ratio of net capital divided by net assets shall be no less than 20% (“Ratio v”);


             (vi)    The ratio of net capital divided by liabilities shall be no less than 8% (“Ratio vi”);


             (vii)   The ratio of net assets divided by liabilities shall be no less than 10% (“Ratio vii”);


             (viii) The ratio of equity securities and related derivatives held divided by net capital shall not exceed 100% (“Ratio viii”);


             (ix)    The ratio of non-equity securities and related derivatives held divided by net capital shall not exceed 500% (“Ratio ix”).


             As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the above risk control indicators of the Company were as follows:


                                                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                                                          2020                    2019


               Net Capital                                                                                     46,601,687,730         28,702,021,460
               Ratio i                                                                                                162.87%                  132.49%
               Ratio ii                                                                                                14.36%                   10.47%
               Ratio iii                                                                                              248.55%                  251.91%
               Ratio iv                                                                                               124.96%                  128.85%
               Ratio v                                                                                                 77.26%                   70.20%
               Ratio vi                                                                                                22.73%                   24.65%
               Ratio vii                                                                                               29.42%                   35.11%
               Ratio viii                                                                                              45.62%                   44.94%
               Ratio ix                                                                                               278.46%                  290.10%


             Similar to the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Group are also subject to capital requirements imposed by their local regulators,
             including the CSRC, the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission, etc.


             The above risk control indicators are calculated based on the financial information prepared in accordance with China Accounting
             Standards for Business Enterprises.
                                                                China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   347




60. stateMeNt OF FINaNCIaL POsItION aNd ReseRVes OF tHe COMPaNy
   (a) the Company’s statement of financial position
                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                              Note                   2020                   2019


        Non-current assets:
        Property and equipment                                                               431,948,535            435,575,843
        Right-of-use assets                                                                  452,276,527            612,829,845
        Intangible assets                                                                    130,797,304            103,217,147
        Interests in subsidiaries                                               61        24,953,777,514          22,643,777,514
        Interests in associates and joint ventures                                           488,556,150            407,839,515
        Reverse REPOs                                                                        525,896,882              65,050,590
        Refundable deposits                                                                1,815,919,438           1,699,266,387
        Deferred tax assets                                                                1,220,716,177            621,956,634
        Other non-current assets                                                             106,657,344            128,630,571


        Total non-current assets                                                          30,126,545,871          26,718,144,046


        Current assets:
        Accounts receivable                                                               31,412,045,335           9,805,193,196
        Receivable from margin clients                                                     5,333,303,299           2,766,714,285
        Financial assets at fair value through other
          comprehensive income                                                            24,588,747,038          20,067,334,715
        Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                            126,086,149,449          73,487,881,746
        Derivative financial assets                                                       14,737,812,715           3,182,247,665
        Reverse REPOs                                                                     13,055,783,358          10,433,010,873
        Cash held on behalf of clients                                                    20,765,908,168          15,121,597,005
        Cash and bank balances                                                            18,186,478,824           9,649,881,652
        Other current assets                                                               1,801,416,554           1,281,716,226


        Total current assets                                                             255,967,644,740        145,795,577,363


        Total assets                                                                     286,094,190,611        172,513,721,409
348   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      60. stateMeNt OF FINaNCIaL POsItION aNd ReseRVes OF tHe COMPaNy (continued)
             (a) the Company’s statement of financial position (continued)
                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                   Notes             2020              2019


                      Current liabilities:
                      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss             1,317,838,255     2,107,270,290
                      Derivative financial liabilities                                      16,407,248,492     3,754,090,061
                      Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                 20,745,017,791    10,716,008,886
                      Placements from financial institutions                                22,537,987,183    13,305,797,714
                      Short-term debt securities issued                                     14,992,735,169    10,106,707,969
                      REPOs                                                                 12,825,570,771     9,155,548,103
                      Employee benefits payable                                              4,868,599,963     2,815,906,617
                      Income tax payable                                                      505,905,753        317,223,201
                      Long-term debt securities issued due within one year                  13,135,347,932    15,664,571,241
                      Contract liabilities                                                     85,493,272         66,049,227
                      Other current liabilities                                             54,371,291,980    33,222,338,080


                      Total current liabilities                                            161,793,036,561   101,231,511,389


                      Net current assets                                                    94,174,608,179    44,564,065,974


                      Total assets less current liabilities                                124,301,154,050    71,282,210,020


                      Non-current liabilities:
                      Non-current employee benefits payable                                   527,356,440        394,448,276
                      Long-term debt securities issued                                      62,974,381,321    29,369,262,562
                      Lease liabilities                                                       479,386,472        633,150,164


                      Total non-current liabilities                                         63,981,124,233    30,396,861,002


                      Net assets                                                            60,320,029,817    40,885,349,018


                      Equity:
                      Share capital                                                 50       4,827,256,868     4,368,667,868
                      Other equity instruments                                      51       5,000,000,000     1,000,000,000
                      Reserves                                                      50      45,796,713,361    32,570,193,268
                      Retained profits                                                       4,696,059,588     2,946,487,882


                      Total equity                                                          60,320,029,817    40,885,349,018
                                                                                          China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report                           349




60. stateMeNt OF FINaNCIaL POsItION aNd ReseRVes OF tHe COMPaNy (continued)
   (b) Movement in the Company’s reserves
                                                                                                        Reserves
                                                                  Other                                                 Investment
                                                   Share         equity        Capital       Surplus       General      revaluation                       Retained            Total
                                                  capital   instruments        reserve       reserve       reserves         reserve        Subtotal          profits         equity


        At 1 January 2020                   4,368,667,868 1,000,000,000 29,126,206,007   736,558,479 2,594,387,788     113,040,994 32,570,193,268 2,946,487,882 40,885,349,018


        Changes in equity for the year
        Profit for the year                            –              –             –             –                –              –               – 2,590,179,997 2,590,179,997
        Other comprehensive income
          for the year                                 –              –             –             –                –   (130,560,690)   (130,560,690)              –    (130,560,690)


        Total comprehensive income
          for the year                                 –              –             –             –                –   (130,560,690)   (130,560,690) 2,590,179,997 2,459,619,307


        Appropriation to surplus reserve               –              –             –    259,018,000               –              –    259,018,000     (259,018,000)              –
        Appropriation to general reserves              –              –             –             –    524,590,291                –    524,590,291     (524,590,291)              –
        Distributions to holders of
          perpetual subordinated bonds                 –              –             –             –                –              –               –     (57,000,000)    (57,000,000)
        Issuance of A Shares                 458,589,000              – 12,573,472,492            –                –              – 12,573,472,492                – 13,032,061,492
        Issuance of perpetual
          subordinated bonds                           – 5,000,000,000              –             –                –              –               –               – 5,000,000,000
        Redemption of perpetual
          subordinated bonds                           – (1,000,000,000)            –             –                –              –               –               – (1,000,000,000)


        At 31 December 2020                 4,827,256,868 5,000,000,000 41,699,678,499   995,576,479 3,118,978,079      (17,519,696) 45,796,713,361 4,696,059,588 60,320,029,817
350   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      60. stateMeNt OF FINaNCIaL POsItION aNd ReseRVes OF tHe COMPaNy (continued)
             (b) Movement in the Company’s reserves (continued)
                                                                                                                           Reserves
                                                                                 Other                                                    Investment
                                                                 Share          equity           Capital       Surplus        General     revaluation                        Retained              Total
                                                                capital    instruments           reserve       reserve        reserves        reserve         Subtotal         profits            equity


                      At 1 January 2019                   4,192,667,868   1,000,000,000   27,044,602,544   532,495,676   2,184,133,715     63,625,342   29,824,857,277   2,248,003,590    37,265,528,735


                      Changes in equity for the year
                      Profit for the year                            –               –                –             –                 –            –                –    2,040,628,027     2,040,628,027
                      Other comprehensive income
                        for the year                                 –               –                –             –                 –    49,415,652      49,415,652                –       49,415,652


                      Total comprehensive income
                        for the year                                 –               –                –             –                 –    49,415,652      49,415,652    2,040,628,027     2,090,043,679


                      Appropriation to surplus reserve               –               –                –    204,062,803                –            –      204,062,803    (204,062,803)                 –
                      Appropriation to general reserves              –               –                –             –     410,254,073              –      410,254,073    (410,254,073)                 –
                      Distributions to holders of
                        perpetual subordinated bonds                 –               –                –             –                 –            –                –      (57,000,000)      (57,000,000)
                      Dividends to shareholders                      –               –                –             –                 –            –                –    (670,826,859)      (670,826,859)
                      Issuance of H shares                 176,000,000               –     2,081,603,463            –                 –            –     2,081,603,463               –     2,257,603,463


                      At 31 December 2019                 4,368,667,868   1,000,000,000   29,126,206,007   736,558,479   2,594,387,788    113,040,994   32,570,193,268   2,946,487,882    40,885,349,018


      61. INteRests IN suBsIdIaRIes
                                                                                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                                               2020                             2019


              Unlisted shares, at cost or deemed cost                                                                                          24,953,777,514                   22,643,777,514
                                                                                          China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report                  351




61. INteRests IN suBsIdIaRIes (continued)
    (a) Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:
                                                                                                                Equity interest held
                                             Place of                                          Particulars of    by the Company
                                             incorporation            Kind of                     issued and    as at 31 December
         Name of company                     and operation            legal entity            paid-in capital     2020          2019   Principal activity       Auditor(1)


         China International Capital         Hong Kong                Limited liability     HKD 3,900,000,000    100%           100%   Overseas investment      DTT
           Corporation (Hong Kong) Limited                              company                                                          holding business
         CICC Wealth Management              Shenzhen, PRC            Limited liability     RMB 8,000,000,000    100%           100%   Investment banking and DTT PRC
                                                                        company                                                          securities brokerage
                                                                                                                                         business
         CICC Capital management Co., Ltd.   Beijing, PRC             Limited liability       RMB922,804,807     100%           100%   Direct investment        DTT PRC
                                                                        company                                                          business
         CICC Pucheng Investment             Shanghai, PRC            Limited liability     RMB 1,200,000,000    100%           100%   Financial instruments    DTT PRC
           Corporation Limited                                          company                                                          Investment business
         CICC Fund Management Co., Ltd.      Beijing, PRC             Limited liability      RMB 400,000,000     100%           100%   Management of            DTT PRC
                                                                        company                                                          funds business
         CICC Futures Co., Ltd.              Xining, PRC              Limited liability      RMB 350,000,000     100%           100%   Futures brokerage        DTT PRC
                                                                        company                                                          business
         CISC Tianqi Futures Co., Ltd. (3)   Shenzhen, PRC            Limited liability      RMB 300,000,000     100%            80%   Futures brokerage        DTT PRC
                                                                        company                                                          business
         CICC Qiyuan National Emerging       Wuhan, PRC               Limited liability        RMB10,000,000     100%           100%   Direct investment        DTT PRC
           Industries PEVC Fund Management                              company                                                          business
           Co., Ltd. (3)
         China International Capital         Hong Kong                Limited liability     HKD 2,548,220,000    100%           100%   Investment banking and DTT
           Corporation Hong Kong                                        company                                                          securities brokerage
           Securities Limited   (3)
                                                                                                                                         business
         CICC Financial Products Ltd. (3)    British Virgin Islands   Limited liability                USD1      100%           100%   Financial products       DTT
                                                                        company                                                          investment business
         CICC Hong Kong Asset                Hong Kong                Limited liability       HKD443,540,000     100%           100%   Assets management        DTT
           Management Limited         (3)
                                                                        company                                                          business
         China International Capital         Singapore                Limited liability        SGD52,000,000     100%           100%   Investment banking and DTT Singapore
           Corporation (Singapore)                                      company                                                          securities brokerage
           Pte. Limited (3)                                                                                                              business
         China International Capital         UK                       Limited liability        GBP33,000,000     100%           100%   Investment banking and DTT UK
           Corporation (UK) Limited (3)                                 company                                                          securities brokerage
                                                                                                                                         business
352   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      61. INteRests IN suBsIdIaRIes (continued)
             (a) Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (continued)
                                                                                                                    Equity interest held
                                                             Place of                              Particulars of    by the Company
                                                             incorporation    Kind of                issued and     as at 31 December
                      Name of company                        and operation    legal entity        paid-in capital     2020          2019   Principal activity       Auditor(1)


                      CICC US Securities, Inc. (3)           USA              Limited liability   USD68,000,000      100%           100%   Investment banking and DTT US
                                                                                company                                                      securities brokerage
                                                                                                                                             business
                      CICC US Securities (Hong Kong)         Hong Kong        Limited liability   HKD15,500,001      100%           100%   Securities business      DTT US
                        Limited   (3)
                                                                                company
                      China International Capital Corporation Hong Kong       Limited liability   HKD72,000,000      100%           100%   Futures brokerage        DTT
                        Hong Kong Futures Limited     (3)
                                                                                company                                                      business
                      CICC Financial Trading Limited (3)     Hong Kong        Limited liability            HKD1      100%           100%   Securities trading       DTT
                                                                                company                                                      business
                      CICC Capital (Cayman) Limited (2)(3)   Cayman Islands   Limited liability            USD2      100%           100%   Direct investment        –
                                                                                company                                                      business
                      CICC Deutschland GmbH (2)(3)           German           Limited liability     EUR2,025,000     100%           100%   Investment banking and –
                                                                                company                                                      securities brokerage
                                                                                                                                             business


             (b) acquisition of a subsidiary
                    In August 2019, as the equity interest in CICC Qianhai Development Fund Management Company Limited (“CICC Qianhai”)
                    held by one of the shareholders under joint control arrangement was transferred to third parties, the Group obtained control
                    of CICC Qianhai through the corresponding amendments to CICC Qianhai’s articles of association. The Group’s equity interest
                    in CICC Qianhai remained at 55% before and after the change from joint control to control.


                    On consolidation, the financial position and operating results of CICC Qianhai were not material to the Group and
                    non-controlling interests of RMB44.4 million was recognised, representing the equity interests of other shareholders in CICC
                    Qianhai.
                                                                                 China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report       353




61. INteRests IN suBsIdIaRIes (continued)
    (b) acquisition of a subsidiary (continued)
          Notes:

          (1)      Statutory auditors of the respective subsidiaries of the Group are as follows:

                   –      DTT PRC represents Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP, 德勤華永會計師事務所（特殊普通合夥), a
                          firm of certified public accountants registered in the PRC;

                   –      DTT represents Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, 德勤• 關黃陳方會計師行（香港), a firm of certified public accountants registered
                          in Hong Kong;

                   –      DTT Singapore represents DTT LLP in Singapore, a firm of certified public accountants registered in Singapore;

                   –      DTT UK represents DTT LLP in the UK, a firm of certified public accountants registered in the United Kingdom of Great Britain
                          and Northern Ireland; and

                   –      DTT US represents DTT LLP in the US, a firm of certified public accountants registered in the United States of America.

          (2)      These subsidiaries were not subject to statutory audit according to the local regulations.

          (3)      The equity interest of these subsidiaries was indirectly held by the Company.


62. CONtINGeNCIes
    The Group is exposed to the risk of economic benefit outflows due to litigations, arbitrations or regulatory investigations in the
    course of operations. The Group, after having assessed in accordance with the International Accounting Standard, believes that the
    probability for the occurrence of such risk is relatively low. The Group had no outstanding contingent matters which had a material
    impact on its consolidated financial position as at 31 December 2020.


63. suBseQueNt eVeNts
    (a) Corporate bonds
          The Group issued 21 CICC F1 with an aggregate principal amount of RMB2.50 billion and 21 CICC F2 with an aggregate
          principal amount of RMB2.50 billion on 18 January 2021. The Group issued 21 CICC F3 with an aggregate principal amount
          of RMB1.50 billion and 21 CICC F4 with an aggregate principal amount of RMB2.00 billion on 4 March 2021. The Group issued
          21 CICC G1 with an aggregate principal amount of RMB2.00 billion and 21 CICC G2 with an aggregate principal amount of
          RMB2.00 billion on 16 March 2021. The Group issued 21 CICC G3 with an aggregate principal amount of RMB1.50 billion and
          21 CICC G4 with an aggregate principal amount of RMB2.50 billion on 25 March 2021. The Group issued 21 CICC WMS G1
          with an aggregate principal amount of RMB2.00 billion and 21 CICC WMS G2 with an aggregate principal amount of RMB3.00
          billion on 26 March 2021. The Group redeemed 18 CICC 02 with an aggregate principal amount of RMB1.00 billion on 26
          January 2021 and 18 CISC 01 with an aggregate principal amount of RMB1.00 billion on 23 March 2021.


    (b) subordinated bonds
          The Group issued 21 CICC C1 with an aggregate principal amount of RMB1.00 billion and 21 CICC C2 with an aggregate
          principal amount of RMB1.00 billion on 8 February 2021. The Group issued 21 CICC WMS C1 with an aggregate principal
          amount of RMB1.00 billion and 21 CICC WMS C2 with an aggregate principal amount of RMB1.00 billion on 9 March 2021.


    (c) MtNs
          The Group issued a tranche of 3-year MTN with an aggregate principal amount of USD1.00 billion and a tranche of 5-year
          MTN with an aggregate principal amount of USD500 million on 26 January 2021.
354   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

      (Expressed in RMB, unless otherwise stated)




      63. suBseQueNt eVeNts (continued)
             (d) Perpetual subordinated bonds
                    The Group issued 21 CICC Y1 with an aggregate principal amount of RMB1.5 billion on 29 January 2021.


             (e) Proposed profit distribution after the reporting period
                    In accordance with the 2020 profit distribution plan approved by the Board of Directors on 30 March 2021, the Company will
                    adopt the method of cash dividends for its 2020 profit distribution. The total of proposed cash dividends to be distributed
                    is RMB 868,906,236 (tax inclusive). On the basis of 4,827,256,868 shares in issue as at the date of approval of the financial
                    statements of the Company, a cash dividend of RMB1.80 (tax inclusive) for every ten shares will be distributed. The 2020
                    profit distribution plan is subject to approval of the related resolution by the annual general meeting. The cash dividends will
                    be recognized as liabilities after the approval and declaration by the annual general meeting.


      64. COMPaRatIVe FIGuRes
             Certain comparative figures have been restated to conform to the current period’s presentation.
                                                                             China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   355



Appendix


COMPaNy BusINess QuaLIFICatIONs
(1)    In 1995, obtained license for operating foreign exchange business, the State Administration of Foreign Exchange (replaced by
       license of securities business in foreign currency in 2015)


(2)    In 1996, qualification of member of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Shanghai Stock Exchange


(3)    In 1997, qualification of member of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange


(4)    In 1999, qualification for underwriting business, proprietary trading and brokerage business for domestic and overseas government
       bonds, debenture and corporate bonds, the CSRC


(5)    In 1999, obtained approval to enter the national interbank market, the PBOC


(6)    In 2000, qualification of member of National Debt Association of China, the National Debt Association of China


(7)    In 2001, qualification for RMB ordinary equities brokerage business, the CSRC


(8)    In 2002, qualification for securities investment advisory business, the CSRC


(9)    In 2002, qualification for entrusted investment management business, the CSRC


(10)   In 2004, obtained approval to become one of the first batch of sponsor institutions, the CSRC


(11)   In 2004, qualification for internet securities entrustment business, the CSRC


(12)   In 2004, qualification of sales agent for open-ended securities investment funds, the CSRC


(13)   In 2004, securities firm engaging in innovative activities, the SAC


(14)   In 2004, qualification of SSF investment manager, the SSF


(15)   In 2005, obtained approval to set up collective asset management plans for CICC’s short-term bonds, the CSRC
356   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Appendix



      (16)   In 2005, qualification for underwriting business of short-term commercial papers, the PBOC


      (17)   In 2005, qualification for bond forward transactions business in the national interbank bond market, the PBOC


      (18)   In 2005, qualification of bilateral market maker for block transactions of bonds, the Shanghai Stock Exchange


      (19)   In 2005, qualification for warrant trading business, the Shanghai Stock Exchange


      (20)   In 2005, qualification of corporate annuity fund manager, the MOHRSS


      (21)   In 2005, qualification for foreign exchange asset management business, the SAC


      (22)   In 2006, qualification of first-class dealer for SSE 180 Trading Open-ended Index Securities Investment Fund (i.e. ETF), the Shanghai
             Stock Exchange


      (23)   In 2006, qualification of SSF offshore investment manager, the SSF


      (24)   In 2006, qualification of Participant of China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation, the CSDC


      (25)   In 2007, approval of proposal of third party custodian for settlement funds of client transactions, the CSRC Beijing Bureau


      (26)   In 2007, qualification of dealer on Integrated Electronic Platform of Fixed-income Securities of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the
             Shanghai Stock Exchange


      (27)   In 2007, engaged in offshore securities investment management business as a QDII, the CSRC


      (28)   In 2007, commence the business of “SSE Fund Connect (上證基金通)”, the Shanghai Stock Exchange


      (29)   In 2007, obtained approval to commence direct investment business (through establishing a 100%-owned direct investment
             company), the CSRC


      (30)   In 2007, consent to engage in interbank market interest rate swap business, the CSRC
                                                                          China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report   357




(31)   In 2008, became Class A Clearing Participant of China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation, the CSDC


(32)   In 2008, lead underwriting qualification for short-term commercial paper, the PBOC


(33)   In 2008, obtained approval to set up collective asset management plan for gains from CICC’s enhanced bonds, the CSRC


(34)   In 2009, qualification of member of the Tianjin Climate Exchange, the Tianjin Climate Exchange


(35)   In 2010, qualification to commence RMB ordinary equities proprietary trading, the CSRC


(36)   In 2010, qualification to provide introducing brokerage business to futures companies, the CSRC


(37)   In 2010, market maker in the national interbank bond market,the PBOC


(38)   In 2010, qualification to commence offshore securities investment specific asset management business, the CSRC


(39)   In 2010, qualification of ordinary member of the Interbank Market Clearing House Co., Ltd., the Interbank Market Clearing House
       Co., Ltd.


(40)   In 2010, business qualification for margin financing and securities lending, the CSRC


(41)   In 2011, business qualification of Nominated Advisers & Brokers on the Third Board (Agency Share Transfer System), the SAC


(42)   In 2011, obtained approval to increase agency sale institutions for collective asset management plan for gains from CICC’s
       enhanced bonds and collective asset management plans for CICC’s selective funds, the Beijing Bureau of the CSRC


(43)   In 2011, qualification of member of book-entry government bond underwriting syndicates from 2012-2014, the MOF, the PBOC and
       the CSRC


(44)   In 2011,obtained approval to set up investment funds for strategic emerging industries, the National Development and Reform
       Commission


(45)   In 2012, qualification to commence placing business for SME bonds, the SAC
358   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Appendix



      (46)   In 2012, qualification for bond pledged quotation and repo transaction, the CSRC


      (47)   In 2012, qualification of insurance funds investment manager, the CIRC


      (48)   In 2012, authorization for trading in securities under repurchase agreements, the Shanghai Stock Exchange


      (49)   In 2012, business qualification to provide refinancing for margin financing and securities lending business, the CSF


      (50)   In 2012, expanded the financing investment of bond pledged quotation and repo transaction, the Shanghai Stock Exchange


      (51)   In 2012, consent to establish a professional subsidiary for commencing real estate direct investment fund business qualification
             association, the CSRC


      (52)   In 2013, qualification for over-the-counter trading business, the SAC


      (53)   In 2013, authorization for stock pledged repo transaction, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange


      (54)   In 2013, qualification for equities swap transaction business, the SAC


      (55)   In 2013, qualification for agency business of financial products, the CSRC Beijing Bureau


      (56)   In 2013, qualifications for sponsor, brokerage business on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations (NEEQ), NEEQ


      (57)   In 2013, business qualification for witnessing account opening, the CSDC


      (58)   In 2013, business qualification for split conversion and merger conversion of funds, the CSDC


      (59)   In 2013, qualification of advisory service for military industry and confidential business (renewed in 2017 with a valid term of 3
             years), the SASTIND


      (60)   In 2013, authorization for trading in securities under repurchase agreement, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange


      (61)   In 2014, business qualification for mutual funds (through the promotion and establishment of a wholly-owned fund company), the
             CSRC


      (62)   In 2014, business for special institutional customers of insurance institutions, the CIRC
                                                                           China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report     359




(63)   In 2014, business qualification for internet account opening, the CSDC


(64)   In 2014, qualifications for market-making business on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations (NEEQ), NEEQ


(65)   In 2014, qualification for Southbound Trading (Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect), the Shanghai Stock Exchange


(66)   In 2014, business qualification for over-the-counter issuance of beneficiary certificates, China Securities Inter-organization Quotation
       System Co., Ltd.


(67)   In 2015, stock options brokerage business and proprietary trading business qualifications, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and
       Shenzhen Stock Exchange


(68)   In 2015, qualification of internet finance business, the CSRC


(69)   In 2015, qualification of integrated custodian business for private funds, the CSIPF


(70)   In 2015, qualification of security agency business for long-distance pledge and registration business, the CSDC


(71)   In 2015, qualifications for spot precious metals agency business and spot gold proprietary trading business and member of the
       Shanghai Gold Exchange, the CSRC and the Shanghai Gold Exchange


(72)   In 2015, qualification of custodian business for securities investment funds, the CSRC


(73)   In 2016, business qualification of standard bond futures settlement with Shanghai Clearing House, Interbank Market Clearing House
       Co., Ltd.


(74)   In 2016, qualification for Southbound Trading (Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect), the Shenzhen Stock Exchange


(75)   In 2017, obtained the “Northbound Bond Connect” quotation bureau qualification granted by the National Interbank Funding
       Center, the China Foreign Exchange Trading System & National Interbank Funding Center


(76)   In 2017, replaced the original permit to operate securities business with the permit to operate securities and futures business, the
       CSRC


(77)   In 2018, qualification for conducting pilot cross-border businesses, the CSRC
360   China International Capital Corporation Limited 2020 Annual Report



      Appendix



      (78)   In 2018, qualification of first-class dealer for OTC options, the CSRC


      (79)   In 2019, qualification of core dealer for Credit Protection Contract, the Shanghai Stock Exchange


      (80)   In 2019, business qualification for RMB currency trading, the CSRC


      (81)   In 2019, qualification of conducting pilot equity incentive arrangements of listed companies, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange


      (82)   In 2019, qualification of private fund services provider (including qualifications for quota registration business service and valuation
             accounting business service), China Asset Management Associate


      (83)   In 2019, qualification of core dealer for Credit Protection Contract, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange


      (84)   In 2019, business qualification for main market maker of listed funds, the Shanghai Stock Exchange


      (85)   In 2019, a member of China Banking Association, China Banking Association


      (86)   In 2019, business qualification for conducting margin financing on the Sci-Tech Innovation Board, the CSF


      (87)   In 2019, business qualification for conducting market making of commodity options, the CSRC


      (88)   In 2019, qualification of stock options brokerage and prop-trading, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange


      (89)   In 2020, pilot for consolidated regulatory capital framework, the CSRC


      (90)   In 2020, pilot to conduct fund investment advisory business, the CSRC


      (91)   In 2020, business qualification as lead underwriter, National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors


      (92)   In 2020, qualification to conduct foreign exchange settlement and sales business, the SAFE


      (93)   In 2020, member of inter-bank foreign exchange market, the SAFE
Design and Production by: Toppan Merrill Limited
      Website: https://toppanmerrill.com
