Annual
  Report
2019

           (Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)
                                     Stock Code: 1196
CONTENTS
Corporate Information                                                       2
Chairman’s Statement                                                        3
Overview of Shenzhen Projects Development                                   8
Management Discussion and Analysis                                         10
Biographical Details of the Directors of the Company
  and Senior Management of the Group                                       23
Report of the Directors                                                    25
Corporate Governance Report                                                38
Environmental, Social and Governance Report                                45
Independent Auditor’s Report                                               68
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss                                   76
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income    77
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                               78
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                80
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                       82
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                             84
Five Year Financial Highlights                                            220
Major Properties Held as at 31 December 2019                              221
                         CORPORATE INFORMATION


BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                    PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Executive Directors                                   Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
Lin Xiaohui (Chairman)                                China Merchants Bank
Su Jiaohua (Chief Executive Officer)                  United Overseas Bank Limited
Lin Xiaodong                                            Hong Kong Branch
                                                      Guangzhou Rural Commercial Bank
Independent Non-executive Directors                   Chong Hing Bank Limited

Yu Leung Fai
Fang Jixin                                            PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
Li Jue                                                TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                      MUFG Fund Services (Bermuda) Limited
AUDIT COMMITTEE                                       4th Floor North
                                                      Cedar House
Yu Leung Fai (Chairman)
                                                      41 Cedar Avenue
Fang Jixin
                                                      Hamilton HM12
Li Jue
                                                      Bermuda

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
                                                      HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
Li Jue (Chairman)
                                                      REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
Lin Xiaohui
                                                      Tricor Tengis Limited
Yu Leung Fai
                                                      Level 54, Hopewell Centre
                                                      183 Queen’s Road East
NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                                      Wanchai, Hong Kong
Lin Xiaohui (Chairman)
Yu Leung Fai
                                                      HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
Fang Jixin
                                                      OF BUSINESS
                                                      Suites 2403-2410
COMPANY SECRETARY
                                                      24/F, Jardine House
Chan Chu Kin
                                                      1 Connaught Place
                                                      Central, Hong Kong
LEGAL ADVISER
Michael Li & Co.                                      REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                      Clarendon House
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
                                                      2 Church Street
Grant Thornton Hong Kong Limited                      Hamilton HM 11
Level 12, 28 Hennessy Road                            Bermuda
Wanchai, Hong Kong

                                                      STOCK CODE
                                                      1196


                                                      COMPANY WEBSITE
                                                      http://www.realord.com.hk

                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   02      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                         CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Dear Shareholders,

It is my pleasure to report the financial results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2019.

RESULTS
During the year under review, the Group recorded a total revenue of approximately HK$828.9
million and loss attributable to equity holders of approximately HK$415.5 million. Basic loss per
share was HK$28.89 cents, based on the weighted average of 1,438,209,880 shares in issue during
the year. The net loss after income tax of the Group was mainly attributable to a net loss on fair
value changes of the Group’s investment properties of approximately HK$202.6 million during the
year ended 31 December 2019 (“FY2019”). The Group incurred a loss of approximately HK$439.8
million charged through statement of profit or loss in FY2019 arising from the early redemption of
promissory notes by the Company, which were issued at completion of the Group’s acquisition of
certain investment properties during FY2018 from Madam Su Jiaohua and myself, the controlling
shareholders of the Company. At the time of the completion of the said acquisition, the fair value
of net assets acquired was higher than the fair value of the consideration by approximately
HK$586.6 million and such gain on purchase was recognised as a deemed contribution from
controlling shareholders of the Company through equity for FY2018 and resulted in an increase in
equity attributable to the owners of the Company in the same amount. Although the said gain on
purchase was dealt through equity and not through statement of profit or loss for FY2018 in
accordance with HKFRSs, the Company has been advised that the Amount was to be charged
through statement of profit or loss for FY2019 in accordance with the HKFRSs, not through equity.
Notwithstanding this, the overall effects of the gain on purchase on the equity attributable to
owners of the Company standing as at 31 December 2019 was a net gain of approximately
HK$146.8 million (representing the surplus of (i) the gain on purchase of approximately HK$586.6
million recognised through equity for FY2018 over (ii) the loss of approximately HK$439.8 million
charged through statement of profit or loss for FY2019). Both the loss charged through statement of
profit or loss for FY2019 and the gain on purchase recognised through equity for FY2018 were
non-cash items not affecting the cash flows of the Group for either year.

The Group also incurred (i) an increase in finance costs by approximately HK$110.1 million mainly
due to the full year effect of interest expenses incurred for the Group’s bank borrowings (as
compared to that of the eight months interests resulting from promissory notes and bank
borrowings in last year) to finance the Group’s acquisition of two investment properties located in
Realord Villas and Realord Technology Park in Shenzhen which completed in April 2018; (ii) a
decrease in the net exchange gain by approximately HK$173.3 million mainly due to the decrease
in the net amount of the RMB-denominated liabilities of the Company as compared to that in the
last year; and (iii) a loss of approximately HK$82.6 million on the disposal of investments in a
listed security held by the Group, which represented a reversal of all accumulated unrealised fair
value gain on such listed securities investments recognised in prior years while the total net
realised gain on such investments over the years was approximately HK$9.9 million. The aggregate
of aforesaid effects to the Group’s financial results for FY2019 was partially offset by (i) a gain of
approximately HK$709.4 million arising from a re-measurement of previously held interests in an
associate due to the Group’s increase in equity interests in Shenzhen Yousheng from 49% to 51%
resulting such company became an indirect 51%-owned subsidiary of the Company during FY2019;
and (ii) the deferred tax credit of approximately HK$34.6 million for FY2019 arisen mainly from the
fair value changes of investment properties during the year.


                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   03     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                         CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


DIVIDEND
The Directors do not recommend the payment of interim and final dividend (2018: Nil) for the year
ended 31 December 2019. Total dividend for the year is nil (2018: Nil).


OUTLOOK
The business of the Group during FY2019 was affected in general by the macroeconomic
environment changes in the PRC and Hong Kong. In 2019, the gross domestic product (“GDP”)
growth rate of the PRC was 6.1% which was reported as the lowest annual growth rate in a decade,
down from 6.6% in 2018, while the GDP growth rate of Hong Kong contracted by 1.2% in 2019,
shrinking from 9% growth in 2018.


The Group believes that 2020 is set to be a challenging year as lingering trade tensions and the
outbreak of COVID-19 epidemic would continue to bring uncertainties affecting business sentiment
and economic activities globally. The outbreak of COVID-19 epidemic resulting lock-down in a
number of cities in the PRC and postponement of business resumption after the Chinese New Year
holiday would cause to the slow down of Chinese economic development. Given it is difficult to
estimate how much longer the situation will persist and the extent of impacts to the business, the
Group will take a prudent approach to explore business opportunities and strategic investment
beneficial to the Group and the Shareholders as a whole.


In March 2019, the Group completed an acquisition of a company with principal assets being a
residential property of Villa Bel-Air, Hong Kong. The Group considers that this acquisition would
further diversify the Group’s portfolio of investment properties and strengthen the Property
Segment. The Group takes an optimistic view on the outlook for the property market in long term
notwithstanding that the management believes that 2020 is set to be challenging year as the
outbreak of COVID-19 epidemic is expected to undermine business and property market sentiment
for both Hong Kong and the PRC. The Group holds investment properties including but not limited
to that located in Realord Villas in Longhua District and that located in Realord Technology Park,
Guangming District, Shenzhen. Both investment properties are located in administrative districts
which had been designated for speedy economic development by the local PRC governments. The
accessibility of Guangming District has been greatly enhanced by the connection of Shenzhen
Metro Line 6 and its development is expected to be further bolstered by the PRC government
development plan for the districts. It is expected that the growth engine for the development of
these two districts will be the investors within Shenzhen City or from other regions of the PRC. The
Group is finalising its renovation for the investment properties at Realord Villas and is expected to
commence the renovation work in June 2020, subject to any restrictions or government measures in
place in response to the outbreak of COVID-19. The Group aims to complete the renovation work
around the fourth quarter of 2020. Meanwhile, pre-leasing activities are initiated for certain
investment properties at Realord Villas. So far, a few units were leased, with tenants including
renowned supermarket.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   04    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                            CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


The Group has initiated works to enable the redevelopment of the Qiankeng property and the
Zhangkenjing property for years. The Zhangkenjing property was acquired by the Group in
September 2015. In February 2017, the Group has made an application to the PRC government
authority to change the land use of the Zhangkenjing property from industrial use to residential
apartments and office use for redevelopment purpose. In accordance with the notice from the
government authority, the application is being processed and reviewed by the relevant authorities
and is still under review as at the reporting date. The Qiankeng property was acquired by the
Group in June 2016 and the application for urban redevelopment of the Qiankeng property from
industrial use to public housing and residential use was also made to 深圳市龍華區城市更新局
(Shenzhen Longhua District Urban Renewal Bureau) in May 2017. It was subsequently agreed in
principle that would be changed from indemnificatory housing to affordable commodity housing
in early 2020. It was noted that the Qiankeng property has been included in the relevant urban
renewal bureau’s announcement regarding the proposed urban redevelopment plan for the
Longhua District of 2019, and has also been included as a major renewal project of Longhua
District in early 2020. The Company is uncertain about when the approvals will finally be granted
but it expects that it should be granted in second half of 2020, subject to government schedules, and
thereafter the redevelopment works will commence.


The Group was also selected by relevant stakeholders as the market elected developer of a
redevelopment project located in Nanshan District, Shenzhen and is in the process of seeking the
approval from the relevant PRC authorities to confirm its role as the developer for the project.
Subject to obtaining the necessary government approvals on the redevelopment and the local
residents vacating from the aforesaid site, the demolition of the existing properties and the
redevelopment works on the aforesaid site will commence.


The Group’s operation of the EP Segment has been shifted to Malaysia and Japan in FY2019. While
the Group strives to maintain its turnover with customers based in the PRC under the current
operation model, the outbreak of COVID-19, which lingered the contraction of commodity price
and caused a sluggish global demand weighed on the customer confidence, is expected to
negatively affect the profitability of the EP Segment. The Group will closely monitor the
development of the situation and continue to explore the business opportunities in Japan and
Malaysia markets following the good start in its Japan’s operation. The Group is expanding its
processing plant in Osaka, Japan to strengthen its establishment and productivity for the local
Japanese market. With the expanded capacity, the Group targets to process and offer more
diversities of products, which would better serve the local Japanese demand.




*   For identification purpose only


                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   05   ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                         CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


In April 2019, the Group completed the acquisition of 60% equity interests of Optima Capital,
which is a corporation licensed to carry out Type 1 (dealing in securities), Type 4 (advising on
securities) and Type 6 (advising corporate finance) regulated activities under the Securities and
Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) and is principally engaged in the
provision of corporate finance advisory services in Hong Kong. The Group believes the acquisition
strengthens the Financial Services Segment of the Group in Hong Kong and facilitates the Group to
build a one-stop financial services platform with good branding and market positioning.


Another Company’s subsidiary, Realord Asia Pacific Securities Limited (“Realord Securities”,
previously known as Realord Manureen Securities Limited), is undergoing expansion. During
FY2019, seasoned expertise were recruited to join the management team and new shares of Realord
Securities were issued to an independent third party for subscription of such shares in cash. The
aforesaid subscription resulted in a deemed disposal of 9.9% of the Group’s interests in Realord
Securities. During the year under review, Realord Securities also participated in primary market as
joint book runner and underwriter while reinforcing its current brokerage and margin financing
business. Realord Asia Pacific Asset Management Limited, the assets management arm of the
Financial Services Segment is also preparing for the launch of investment funds.


It is the Group’s target to build a one-stop financial services platform with good branding and
market positioning and provide comprehensive financial service to our customers under the
Financial Services Segment. However, in view of the uncertainties on business sentiment and
economic activities globally, mergers and acquisitions activities and IPO projects in the market may
be delayed or suspended which would have negative impact on the progress of the Group’s
business plan for the Financial Services Segment.


The Group, together with 5 other independent third parties, had also applied for the approval from
the China Securities Regulatory Commission (“CSRC”) of the establishment of a security company
in Guangzhou Pilot Free Trade Zone, which is currently under review of CSRC. The Company will
update the Shareholders with the progress of application when and as appropriate.


Although the outbreak of COVID-19 epidemic would have negatively impacted the business
activities, the Group expects the demand on motor vehicle parts will be stable as the subdued
economy would induce the consumers to repair the existing vehicles in lieu of purchasing new
ones. The Group will continue to take a prudent approach (including to apply tight credit control
measures) in developing the business of MVP Segment in 2020.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   06    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                         CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


The Group contemplates the continuous competition and sluggish demand for the Commercial
Printing Segment over the years and estimates the current situation will persist. The uncertainties
of macroeconomic and business environment would undoubtedly affect the merger and acquisition
and fundraising activities in the capital market, which affect the demand of the Group’s services
under the Commercial Printing Segment. The Group will implement possible measures to control
its operating costs in coming year. The Directors will keep reviewing and assessing the risks,
benefits and prospects thereof along the operations.


The Group takes a pessimistic view on the outlook for the Hangtag Segment and considers that
2020 will be an extremely challenging year. The Directors will review and assess the risks, benefits
and prospects thereof along the operations.


APPRECIATION
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to thank all our staff for their dedication and
contributions and our customers, suppliers, business associates and shareholders for their
continuous support at the present business environment.




By Order of the Board
Lin Xiaohui
Chairman


Hong Kong, 20 April 2020




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   07    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
OVERVIEW OF SHENZHEN PROJECTS DEVELOPMENT



NANSHAN DISTRICT
1. Laiying Garden (萊英花園) Urban Renewal Project
   Laiying Garden Urban Renewal Project is the Group’s first
high-rise residential and commercial property development
project in Nanshan District, Shenzhen, which will be
developed into a residential and commercial complex
comprising residential units, apartments, retail shops and
entertainment and leisure facilities. It is located in Nanshan
Science and Technology Park and financial district, and is
only approximately 700 meters away from the Hi-Tech
Park Station (高新園站) of Shenzhen Metro Line 1.


LONGHUA DISTRICT
2. Guanzhang Electronic Factory (冠彰電器廠) Urban Renewal Project (known as “Qiankeng Property”)
                                             Guanzhang Electronic Factory Urban Renewal Project, which
                                          is situated at Fucheng Subdistrict, Longhua District, Shenzhen,
                                           is a residential project being implemented and developed by
                                            the Group in Longhua District. The project is an affordable
                                             commodity housing project (residential/commercial) of
                                              which land use was changed from industrial use to
                                               residential use. It is proximate to the Zhucun Station (竹村
                                                站) of the northern extension of Shenzhen Metro Line 4
                                                 which is under construction, therefore it is expected to be
                                                  benefited from the urban renewal in Longhua District.

3. Realord Villas (偉祿雅苑) – Realord Vcity (偉祿Vcity)
   Realord Villas is the Group’s first residential and commercial
complex project in Longhua District, Shenzhen. It is located on
Huangan South Road, Guanlan Street, Longhua District,
Shenzhen, and is conveniently situated less than 100 meters
away from the High-tech Zone East Station (高新區東站) of
Shenzhen Tram which is connected to Shenzhen Metro Line 4.
The project, with a total gross floor area of approximately
230,000 square meters, comprises 2,016 residential units, a
business apartment building, a shopping mall, retail shops
and car parking spaces, of which, the residential units are
the corporation talent housing allocated and sold by the
government, while the business apartment building,                        The rendering of Realord Vcity
shopping mall, retail shops and car parking spaces with
a gross floor area of approximately 51,039 square meters are held by the Group. Realord Vcity, the shopping
mall inside Realord Villas, will be the Group’s first community mall project which is built as a business and
shopping center that integrates local amenities, entertainment and leisure, parent-child education and
specialty food and beverage experience, in order to create a warm and convenient space for a better
community life.

                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      08     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
OVERVIEW OF SHENZHEN PROJECTS DEVELOPMENT


4. Zhangkengjing Project (樟坑徑項目) (known as “ZhangKengjing Property”)
                                           Zhangkengjing Project is an industrial property held by the
                                         Group located at Zhangkengjing, Longhua District, Shenzhen. In
                                          February 2017, the Group made an application to 龍華區城市更
                                           新局 (Longhua District Urban Renewal Bureau) to change the
                                           land use of the project from industrial use to residential
                                             apartments and office use. According to the notice issued by
                                              the government authority, the application is being
                                               processed and reviewed by the relevant authorities and is
                                                  still under review as at the reporting date. The property is
                                                  currently used for leasing purpose.


GUANGMING DISTRICT
5. Realord Technology Park (偉祿科技園)
   Realord Technology Park Project is located at Guangming
Subdistrict, Guangming District, Shenzhen, occupying a site
area of approximately 20,000 square meters. Phase 1 of the
project consists of an office building with a gross floor area
of approximately 60,000 square meters. It is proximate to the
Phoenix City Station (鳳凰城站) of Shenzhen Metro Line 6.
In light of the trend of developing high-end industries
and the fact that Guangming District is being developed
as a regional innovation hub in Shenzhen, and in order
to seize the opportunities brought about by the
development of high-tech industry, the Group intends to position the park as an integrated venture
platform which provides comprehensive one-stop services to high-tech small and medium enterprises.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      09     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The principal activities of the Group during the year under review included the provision of
financial printing, digital printing and other related services (the “Commercial Printing Segment”),
sale of hangtags, labels, shirt paper boards and plastic bags (the “Hangtag Segment”), distribution
and sale of motor vehicle parts (the “MVP Segment”), provision of corporate finance advisory,
asset management, securities brokerage services and margin financing (the “Financial Services
Segment”), property investment and development (the “Property Segment”) and dismantling and
trading of scrap materials (the “EP Segment”).


Overall financial review
During the year under review, the Group recorded a total revenue of approximately HK$828.9
million, representing an increase of approximately 2.2% as compared to that of the last year of
approximately HK$811.0 million. The Group recorded a loss of approximately HK$404.7 million for
the year as compared to that of a profit of approximately HK$383.7 million for the last year.


The Group’s revenue during the year under review was mainly contributed by the EP Segment, the
MVP Segment and the Commercial Printing Segment. The EP Segment contributed approximately
71.4% of the total revenue of the Group, the MVP Segment approximately 12.9% and the
Commercial Printing Segment approximately 9.4%. The remaining 6.3% was contributed by other
segments of the Group. The Group’s increase in revenue during the year under review was mainly
due to the increase in revenue from the Financial Services Segment by approximately HK$30.6
million and the EP Segment by approximately HK$21.4 million as compared to that of last year.
However, such increase was partially offset by the decrease in revenue in the MVP Segment by
approximately HK$20.1 million, the Commercial Printing Segment by approximately HK$4.5
million and the Property Segment by approximately HK$9.0 million. Reasons for the changes in the
relevant segment revenues are set out in the sections below.


The consolidated net loss after income tax of the Group for FY2019 amounted to approximately
HK$404.7 million, as compared to that of a net profit after income tax of approximately HK$383.7
million in FY2018. The decrease was mainly attributable to a net loss on fair value changes of the
Group’s investment properties of approximately HK$202.6 million during FY2019 as compared to
that of a net gain on fair value changes of approximately HK$671.4 million in FY2018. The Group
also incurred (i) a loss of approximately HK$439.8 million charged through statement of profit or
loss in FY2019 arising from the early redemption of promissory notes by the Company; (ii) an
increase in finance costs by approximately HK$110.1 million mainly due to the full year effect of
interest expenses incurred for the Group’s bank borrowings (as compared to that of the eight
months interests resulting from promissory notes and bank borrowings in FY2018) to finance the
Group’s acquisition of two investment properties located in Realord Villas and Realord Technology
Park in Shenzhen (the “Investment Properties Acquisition”) which completed in April 2018; (iii) a
decrease in the net exchange gain by approximately HK$173.3 million mainly due to the decrease in
the net amount of the RMB-denominated liabilities of the Company as compared to that in the last
year; and (iv) a loss of approximately HK$82.6 million on the deemed disposal of investments in a
listed security held by the Group, which represented a reversal of all accumulated unrealised fair



                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   10    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


value gain on such listed securities investments recognised in prior years while the total net realised
gain on such investments over the years was approximately HK$9.9 million. The aggregate of
aforesaid effects to the Group’s financial results for FY2019 was partially offset by (i) a gain of
approximately HK$709.4 million arising from a re-measurement of previously held interests in an
associate due to the Group’s increase in equity interests in Shenzhen Yousheng from 49% to 51%
resulting such company became an indirect 51%-owned subsidiary of the Company during FY2019;
and (ii) the deferred tax credit of approximately HK$34.6 million for FY2019 (FY2018: deferred tax
expense of approximately HK$158.2 million) arisen mainly from the fair value changes of
investment properties during the year.


In respect of the loss of approximately HK$439.8 million arising on the early redemption of
promissory notes in FY2019 (i.e. the Amount) abovementioned, the relevant promissory notes were
issued at completion of the Investment Properties Acquisition by the Group from Dr. Lin Xiaohui
and Madam Su Jiaohua, the controlling shareholders of the Company, during FY2018. At the time
of the completion of the said acquisition, the fair value of net assets acquired was higher than the
fair value of the consideration by approximately HK$586.6 million and such gain on purchase was
recognised as a deemed contribution from controlling shareholders of the Company through equity
for FY2018 and resulted in an increase in equity attributable to the owners of the Company in the
same amount. Although the said gain on purchase was dealt through equity and not through
statement of profit or loss for FY2018 in accordance with HKFRSs, the Amount was to be charged
through statement of profit or loss for FY2019 in accordance with HKFRSs. Notwithstanding this,
the overall effects of the gain on purchase on the equity attributable to owners of the Company
standing as at 31 December 2019 was a net gain of approximately HK$146.8 million (representing
the surplus of (i) the gain on purchase of approximately HK$586.6 million recognised through
equity for FY2018 over (ii) the loss of approximately HK$439.8 million charged through statement
of profit or loss for FY2019). Both the loss charged through statement of profit or loss for FY2019
and the gain on purchase recognised through equity for FY2018 were non-cash items not affecting
the cash flows of the Group for either year.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    11    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS REVIEW FOR EACH SEGMENT
The Property Segment
The revenue of the Property Segment was mainly generated from the rental income of the Group’s
investment properties. In FY2018, the Group generated aggregate rental income of approximately
HK$19.5 million. In FY2019, to facilitate the approval process by the Development and Reform
Commission (發展和改革委員會) and other government authorities in relation to the Group’s
application made for urban redevelopment of the Qiankeng Property from industrial use to public
housing and residential use, the Group had terminated the lease agreement of the subject property
for setting up the development projects (立項) in this regard. As a result of the termination of such
lease, the revenue generated from this segment decreased to approximately HK$10.6 million in
FY2019. The Property Segment recognised a profit of approximately HK$73.3 million in FY2019 as
compared to that of a profit of approximately HK$316.2 million recorded in FY2018. The decline
was mainly due to (i) the overall revaluation loss of the Group’s investment properties of
approximately HK$202.6 million during FY2019 (as compared to that of a gain of approximately
HK$671.4 million during FY2018); and (ii) the increase in finance costs by approximately HK$75.9
million arising mainly from the bank borrowings for financing the Investment Properties
Acquisition completed in April 2018. The decline in the fair value of investment properties of
approximately 2.3% for FY2019 as compared to the value thereof as at 31 December 2018 was
mainly attributable to the gentle decline in property market in the PRC as impacted by a general
decrease in office net absorption following the slowdown of economic growth of the PRC and that
in Hong Kong as affected by the social unrest since June 2019. The abovementioned decline was
substantially offset by a gain of approximately HK$709.4 million arising from a re-measurement of
previously held interests in an associate. During FY2019, the Group has acquired an addition 2%
equity interests in Shenzhen Yousheng, a company engaged in the property development and
49%-owned associate of the Company prior to this step-acquisition, resulting Shenzhen Yousheng
became an indirect 51%-owned subsidiary of the Company. The aforesaid increase in equity
interests resulted in a gain on re-measurement of previously held interests in an associate, which
represented the difference between the fair value of Shenzhen Yousheng attributable the initial 49%
equity interests held by the Group as at the completion date of acquisition and the net carrying
amount of such 49% interests immediate before the acquisition.


The EP Segment
To mitigate the impacts caused by the tightening control policy by the Chinese government
regarding imports of scrap materials on the Group, the Group has shifted its scrap material
sourcing and processing operations from Guangxi to Malaysia as part of the supply chain of its
PRC customers which also relocated their processing arms offshore from Guangxi Province to
southeast Asia. The Group engaged subcontractors in Malaysia for processing of the scrap
materials and sold and delivered to the offshore arms of its PRC customers. The Group also set up
偉祿環保株式會社 (Realord Environmental Protection Japan Co., Ltd.) (“Realord EP Japan”) and
leased a processing plant in Osaka, Japan in the first half of 2019. Revenue from the EP Segment
increased from HK$570.8 million in FY2018 to HK$592.2 million in FY2019, representing a




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   12    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


year-on-year growth of approximately 3.8%. The improvement was mainly due to the development
of Realord EP Japan, which contributed sales revenue of HK$25.7 million since its incorporation in
early 2019. Despite the aforesaid growth, the Group’s operating profit for the EP Segment for the
year reduced by approximately 33.6% to HK$44.7 million from that of approximately HK$67.3
million recorded in the previous year, which was mainly attributable to the startup cost for Realord
EP Japan and the higher subcontracting expenses for processing scrap materials in Malaysia as
compared to that in the PRC.


The Financial Services Segment
The revenue from the Financial Services Segment increased by approximately 3 times to
approximately HK$40.9 million in FY2019 as compared to that of approximately HK$10.3 million in
FY2018. The segment recorded an operating profit of approximately HK$12.6 million for FY2019 as
compared to that of a loss of approximately HK$20.3 million in FY2018. The growth was mainly
attributable to the consolidation of results of Optima Capital Limited (“Optima Capital”) since the
completion of the acquisition of 60% issued share capital therein in April 2019 and the Group’s
provision of more comprehensive financial services to its customers during the year under review,
such as placing agent and underwriting services.


The MVP Segment
In view of the slowdown of economic growth of the PRC amidst the US-China trade tensions, the
Group has been seeking to shorten the business cycle of the MVP Segment. On the one hand, the
Group negotiated with suppliers to speed up the delivery time while on the other hand, allowed
for a shorter credit period for its customers of the MVP Segment. Such business strategy drives
down 15.8% of the revenue from the MVP Segment in FY2019 to HK$107.0 million (FY2018:
HK$127.1 million). Notwithstanding the decrease in revenue, the profit was lifted from breakeven
in FY2018 to approximately HK$10.1 million in FY2019 mainly as a result in better credit control
exercised on receivables collection during the year.


The Commercial Printing Segment
With the global economic slowdown and lingering trade tensions which negatively affected the
capital market sentiment and stagnated the merger and acquisition and fundraising activities, the
Commercial Printing Segment recorded both declines in revenue by approximately 5.5% to
approximately HK$77.9 million in FY2019 (FY2018: HK$82.4 million) and in operating profit by
approximately 70.9% to approximately HK$0.7 million in FY2019 (FY2018: HK$2.3 million)
respectively.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   13    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The Hangtag Segment
The contribution of the Hangtag Segment to the Group was relatively minimal at approximately
HK$0.3 million in FY2019, which declined 65.0% year-on-year from HK$1.0 million in FY2018. The
operating loss derived from this segment was relatively minimal during both years of FY2018 and
FY2019.


Others
The Group invests in listed securities in Hong Kong for trading purpose and other club and school
debentures in Hong Kong. The total net realised loss on the disposal of financial assets at fair value
through profit and loss amounted to approximately HK$80.0 million for FY2019. Among which, the
Group recorded a loss on disposal of the investments in a listed security of approximately HK$82.6
million during the year under review, which mainly represented a reversal of all accounted
unrealised fair value gain on such investments recognised in prior years. The total net realised gain
on this investment over the years was approximately HK$9.9 million. As at 31 December 2019, the
financial assets at fair value through profit or loss amounted to approximately HK$14.1 million,
which represented investments in club and school debentures and certain listed securities in Hong
Kong for trading purpose.


Liquidity, Financial Resources and Capital Structure
The Group generally finances its operations with internally generated cash flow, cash reserve,
banking facilities and facility provided by the ultimate holding company. The Group is financially
sound with healthy cash position. Its cash and bank balances as at 31 December 2019 amounted to
approximately HK$585.1 million (31 December 2018: HK$896.5 million) which were mainly
denominated in HK$ and RMB (31 December 2018: HK$ and RMB).


The gearing ratio of the Group as at 31 December 2019 was 369.1% (31 December 2018: 266.6%),
based on the interest-bearing borrowings denominated in HK$ and RMB (31 December 2018: HK$
and RMB) of approximately HK$8,656.7 million (31 December 2018: HK$7,674.9 million) and
divided by the equity attributable to the owners of the Company of HK$2,345.1 million (31
December 2018: HK$2,878.4 million). The interest-bearing borrowings carried interest rate ranging
from 2.15% to 7.60% per annum (31 December 2018: 3.48% to 7.60% per annum) with maturity
ranging from within 1 year to 30 years (31 December 2018: within 1 year to 5 years).


The Directors consider that the Group’s cash holding, liquid assets, future revenue, available
banking facilities and the facility provided by the ultimate holding company will be sufficient to
fulfill the present working capital requirements of the Group.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   14     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Foreign Exchange
Most of the transactions of the Group were denominated in Hong Kong dollars, US dollars, Euro,
Japanese Yen and Renminbi; while the Group held cash of approximately RMB309.8 million
reserved for operating and treasury purpose as at 31 December 2019.


The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from exposure in the US dollars, Euro,
Japanese Yen and Renminbi against Hong Kong dollars. The management has continuously
monitored the level of exchange rate exposure and used foreign currency forward contracts for
hedging purpose during the year ended 31 December 2019. The Group did not use any financial
instruments for hedging purpose as at 31 December 2019.


Financial Guarantees and Charges on Assets
As at 31 December 2019, corporate guarantees amounting to approximately HK$7,720.1 million (31
December 2018: HK$5,339.9 million) were given to banks by the Company for the provision of
general banking facilities granted to its subsidiaries while corporate guarantees amounting to
approximately HK$7,430.4 million (31 December 2018: HK$5,051.4 million) was given to banks in
the PRC by the Company for the provision of general banking facilities granted to its PRC
subsidiaries. Besides, the general banking facilities granted to the subsidiaries of the Company
were secured by legal charges on certain investment properties, leasehold land and building owned
by the Group with a total net book value of approximately HK$8,024.8 million (31 December 2018:
HK$8,496.7 million) and approximately HK$354.4 million (31 December 2018: HK$20.7 million).


THE REVIEW AND OUTLOOK
The business of the Group during FY2019 was affected in general by the macroeconomic
environment changes in the PRC and Hong Kong. In 2019, the gross domestic product (“GDP”)
growth rate of the PRC was 6.1% which was reported as the lowest annual growth rate in a decade,
down from 6.6% in 2018, while the GDP growth rate of Hong Kong contracted by 1.2% in 2019,
shrinking from 9% growth in 2018. Details of such impacts to the business of each segment of the
Group have been included in the paragraph headed “Financial and business review for each
segment” above.


The Group believes that 2020 is set to be a challenging year as lingering trade tensions and the
outbreak of COVID-19 epidemic would continue to bring uncertainties affecting business sentiment
and economic activities globally. The outbreak of COVID-19 epidemic resulting lock-down in a
number of cities in the PRC and postponement of business resumption after the Chinese New Year
holiday would cause to the slow down of Chinese economic development. Given it is difficult to
estimate how much longer the situation will persist and the extent of impacts to the business, the
Group will take a prudent approach to explore business opportunities and strategic investment
beneficial to the Group and the Shareholders as a whole.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   15    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Set out below is the review and outlook of each segment of the Group’s business:


The Property Segment
In March 2019, the Group completed an acquisition of a company with principal assets being a
residential property of Villa Bel-Air, Hong Kong. The Group considers that this acquisition would
further diversify the Group’s portfolio of investment properties and strengthen the Property
Segment. The Group takes an optimistic view on the outlook for the property market in long term
notwithstanding that the management believes that 2020 is set to be challenging year as the
outbreak of COVID-19 epidemic is expected to undermine business and property market sentiment
for both Hong Kong and the PRC. The Group holds investment properties including but not limited
to that located in Realord Villas in Longhua District and that located in Realord Technology Park,
Guangming District, Shenzhen. Both investment properties are located in administrative districts
which had been designated for speedy economic development by the local PRC governments. The
accessibility of Guangming District has been greatly enhanced by the connection of Shenzhen
Metro Line 6 and its development is expected to be further bolstered by the PRC government
development plan for the districts. It is expected that the growth engine for the development of
these two districts will be the investors within Shenzhen City or from other regions of the PRC. The
Group is finalising its renovation for the investment properties at Realord Villas and is expected to
commence the renovation work in June 2020, subject to any restrictions or government measures in
place in response to the outbreak of COVID-19. The Group aims to complete the renovation work
around the fourth quarter of 2020. Meanwhile, pre-leasing activities are initiated for certain
investment properties at Realord Villas. So far, a few units were leased, with tenants including
renowned supermarket.


The Group has initiated works to enable the redevelopment of the Qiankeng property and the
Zhangkenjing property for years. The Zhangkenjing property was acquired by the Group in
September 2015. In February 2017, the Group has made an application to the PRC government
authority to change the land use of the Zhangkenjing property from industrial use to residential
apartments and office use for redevelopment purpose. In accordance with the notice from the
government authority, the application is being processed and reviewed by the relevant authorities
and is still under review as at the reporting date. The Qiankeng property was acquired by the
Group in June 2016 and the application for urban redevelopment of the Qiankeng property from
industrial use to public housing and residential use was also made to 深圳市龍華區城市更新局
(Shenzhen Longhua District Urban Renewal Bureau) in May 2017. It was subsequently agreed in
principle that would be changed from indemnificatory housing to affordable commodity housing
in early 2020. It was noted that the Qiankeng property has been included in the relevant urban
renewal bureau’s announcement regarding the proposed urban redevelopment plan for the
Longhua District of 2019, and has also been included as a major renewal project of Longhua
District in early 2020. The Company is uncertain about when the approvals will finally be granted
but it expects that it should be granted in second half of 2020, subject to government schedules, and
thereafter the redevelopment works will commence.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   16    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The Group was also selected by relevant stakeholders as the market elected developer of a
redevelopment project located in Nanshan District, Shenzhen and is in the process of seeking the
approval from the relevant PRC authorities to confirm its role as the developer for the project.
Subject to obtaining the necessary government approvals on the redevelopment and the local
residents vacating from the aforesaid site, the demolition of the existing properties and the
redevelopment works on the aforesaid site will commence.


The EP Segment
The Group’s operation of the EP Segment has been shifted to Malaysia and Japan in FY2019. While
the Group strives to maintain its turnover with customers based in the PRC under the current
operation model, the outbreak of COVID-19, which lingered the contraction of commodity price
and caused a sluggish global demand weighed on the customer confidence, is expected to
negatively affect the profitability of the EP Segment. The Group will closely monitor the
development of the situation and continue to explore the business opportunities in Japan and
Malaysia markets following the good start in its Japan’s operation. The Group is expanding its
processing plant in Osaka, Japan to strengthen its establishment and productivity for the local
Japanese market. With the expanded capacity, the Group targets to process and offer more
diversities of products, which would better serve the local Japanese demand.


In relation to the Group’s acquisition of 60% equity interests in Realord Environmental Protection
Industrial Company Limited (“Realord EP”) completed in 2017, as the target profit (being the
consolidated net profit after income tax of the group of Realord EP after excluding any (i) gain on
bargain purchase; and (ii) revaluation gains or losses of properties and the associated deferred tax
charged to the statement of profit or loss) of not less than HK$50 million for the year ended 31
December 2018 as agreed under the terms of relevant agreement has been fulfilled, 2,500,000 new
shares of the Company were allotted and issued as consideration shares to the vendor in June 2019.
Details of the fulfillment of the target profit was set out in the announcement of the Company
dated 31 May 2019.


The Financial Services Segment
In April 2019, the Group completed the acquisition of 60% equity interests of Optima Capital,
which is a corporation licensed to carry out Type 1 (dealing in securities), Type 4 (advising on
securities) and Type 6 (advising corporate finance) regulated activities under the Securities and
Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) and is principally engaged in the
provision of corporate finance advisory services in Hong Kong. The Group believes the acquisition
strengthens the Financial Services Segment of the Group in Hong Kong and facilitates the Group to
build a one-stop financial services platform with good branding and market positioning.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   17    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Another Company’s subsidiary, Realord Asia Pacific Securities Limited (“Realord Securities”,
previously known as Realord Manureen Securities Limited), is undergoing expansion. During
FY2019, seasoned expertise were recruited to join the management team and new shares of Realord
Securities were issued to an independent third party for subscription of such shares in cash. The
aforesaid subscription resulted in a deemed disposal of 9.9% of the Group’s interests in Realord
Securities. During the year under review, Realord Securities also participated in primary market as
joint book runner and underwriter while reinforcing its current brokerage and margin financing
business. Realord Asia Pacific Asset Management Limited, the assets management arm of the
Financial Services Segment is also preparing for the launch of investment funds.


It is the Group’s target to build a one-stop financial services platform with good branding and
market positioning and provide comprehensive financial service to our customers under the
Financial Services Segment. However, in view of the uncertainties on business sentiment and
economic activities globally, mergers and acquisitions activities and IPO projects in the market may
be delayed or suspended which would have negative impact on the progress of the Group’s
business plan for the Financial Services Segment.


The Group, together with 5 other independent third parties, had also applied for the approval from
the China Securities Regulatory Commission (“CSRC”) of the establishment of a security company
in Guangzhou Pilot Free Trade Zone, which is currently under review of CSRC. The Company will
update the Shareholders with the progress of application when and as appropriate.


The MVP Segment
Although the outbreak of COVID-19 epidemic would have negatively impacted the business
activities, the Group expects the demand on motor vehicle parts will be stable as the subdued
economy would induce the consumers to repair the existing vehicles in lieu of purchasing new
ones. The Group will continue to take a prudent approach (including to apply tight credit control
measures) in developing the business of MVP Segment in 2020.


The Commercial Printing Segment
The Group contemplates the continuous competition and sluggish demand for the Commercial
Printing Segment over the years and estimates the current situation will persist. The uncertainties
of macroeconomic and business environment would undoubtedly affect the merger and acquisition
and fundraising activities in the capital market, which affect the demand of the Group’s services
under the Commercial Printing Segment. The Group will implement possible measures to control
its operating costs in coming year. The Directors will keep reviewing and assessing the risks,
benefits and prospects thereof along the operations.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   18    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The Hangtag Segment
The Group takes a pessimistic view on the outlook for the Hangtag Segment and considers that
2020 will be an extremely challenging year. The Directors will review and assess the risks, benefits
and prospects thereof along the operations.


LITIGATION AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
Save as disclosed in note 44 to the consolidated financial statements, the Group has no other
significant litigation and contingent liabilities.


EVENTS AFTER REPORTING PERIOD
Subsequent to 31 December 2019, the Group has the following significant events:


After the outbreak of COVID-19 in early 2020, a series of precautionary and control measures have
been and continued to be implemented across the regions in which the Group has business
operations. The Group will pay close attention to the development of the COVID-19 outbreak and
evaluate its impacts on the financial position and operating results of the Group.


On 3 April 2020, a subsidiary of the Company entered into a facility agreement with an
independent third party, pursuant to which the Group has agreed to grant a loan of HK$80,000,000
to the independent third party. The loan is unsecured, interest-bearing at fixed rate of 10% per
annum and repayable after eighteen months from the drawdown date.


PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
Concentration risk
The five largest customers of the Group contributed approximately 49.3% of the total turnover of
the Group for the year; while the five largest suppliers of the Group contributed approximately
72.2% of the total purchases of the Group for the year. The concentration of sales and purchases on
certain customers and suppliers may pose risk to the Group operation in that failure in any of these
customers and suppliers may have adverse financial effect on the Group.


Credit risk
The account receivables amounted to HK$410.6 million as at 31 December 2019, which comprise
amounts due from clients from Financial Services Segment amounted to HK$99.2 million; amounts
due from customers from MVP Segment amounted to HK$60.8 million; amounts due from
customers from EP Segment amounted to HK$237.9 million; and amounts due from customers from
other businesses amounted to HK$12.7 million.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      19   ANNUAL REPORT 2019
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The amounts due from clients of Financial Services Segment mainly comprise balances receivable
from cash client and margin client. The cash clients are required to place deposits before execution
of any purchase transactions and are due within the settlement period which are usually within a
few days from the trade date. The credit risk arising from the amounts due from cash clients is
considered to be low. The amounts due from margin clients are repayable on demand and the
margin clients are required to place securities and/or cash deposits as collateral. On a daily basis,
the management monitored market conditions and adequacy of collateral of each margin client.
Margin calls and forced liquidation are made where necessary.


The customers from EP Segment and MVP Segment are normally granted with credit terms. The
Group recognises a loss allowance for the expected credit losses (“ECL”) on the account receivables
to reflect credit risk. However, the default or significant increase in credit risk of any of these
clients would adversely impact the financial results and position of the Group.


Market risk
Investment properties
The Group held significant assets classified as investment properties for earning rental income and
capital appreciation. Revaluation of investment properties would be conducted regularly by
independent qualified professional valuers at reporting date and any surplus/deficiency was
recorded as fair value gain or loss in the statement of profit or loss. Fair value of investment
properties could be affected by a number of factors, such as property market condition, interest
rate, political environment, etc. The change in fair value could significantly affect the financial
results and position of the Group.


Financial assets
The Group held certain financials assets for trading purpose, the fluctuation in stock price of the
portfolio of listed securities could significantly affect the profitability of the Group. According to
the HKFRSs, the gain/loss on listed securities should be booked as fair value gain or loss on
financial assets at fair value through profit or loss in the statement of profit or loss. The fluctuation
in stock price could impact the Group’s profitability. The directors will closely monitor the stock
market and make changes to the investment portfolio in order to maximize shareholders’ return.


LAWS AND REGULATIONS
Laws and regulations in relation to the financial services sector, environmental protection sector
and workplace quality may have a material effect on the Group’s principal activities.


Operation in regulatory sector
The Financial Services Segment of the Group operates in a highly regulated sector. The risk of non-
compliance with regulatory requirements could lead to the loss of operating licenses.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   20   ANNUAL REPORT 2019
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The EP Segment of the Group operates under relevant environmental protection regulations,
non-compliance with the regulatory requirements changes will affect the Group’s operation
significantly. Therefore, we make it a top priority to stay up to date on new laws and regulations,
and to ensure compliance with the relevant rules and regulations. The Group has implemented
policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with the most relevant laws and
regulations.


To the best of our knowledge, the Group has complied with the relevant regulations for our
financial services business and environmental protection business. We did not identify any material
non-compliance or breach of legislation.


Workplace Quality
The Group believes that continued business success relies on the full contribution and support of
our employees. We are dedicated to promoting equal opportunities for all of our employees in
different areas, including recruitment, compensation and benefits, training, staff promotion,
transfer, and dismissal. All employees are assessed based on their ability, performance and
contribution, irrespective of their nationality, race, religion, gender, age or family status.


The Group is committed to the health, safety and welfare of our employees. We pledge full
compliance in all occupational health and safety legislations and we have implemented an effective
and safe working environment for our employees.


The Group has complied with labour or other relevant legislations. We did not identify any
material non-compliance or breach of legislation related to workplace quality.


Environmental Protection
The Group is committed to protecting and sustaining the environment through reduced
consumption of electrical power and paper. We are committed to upholding high environmental
standards to fulfill relevant requirements under applicable laws or ordinances.


We did not identify any material non-compliance or breach of relevant standards, rules and
regulations on air and greenhouse gas emission, discharges into water and land, generation of
hazardous or non-hazardous water, etc.


RELATIONSHIP WITH EMPLOYEES
The Group recognises employees as the most important assets of the Group. The contribution and
support of employees are valued at all times. The Group regularly reviews the remuneration
policies according to the market benchmarks, financial results and individual performance of
employees. Other staff benefit plans are provided to enhance the employees’ loyalty and
satisfaction.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    21     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


RELATIONSHIP WITH SUPPLIERS
Fair and Open Competition
The Group promotes fair and open competition that aims to develop long term relationships with
suppliers based on mutual trust.


Public Interest and Accountability
The procurement from suppliers or service providers is conducted in a manner consistent with the
highest ethical standards. This helps assure high products quality at all times to gain the
confidence of customers, suppliers and the public.


Procurement and Tendering Procedures
The contracting of services and the purchase of goods are based solely on need, quality and price.
This ensures compliance with procurement policies and fosters positive and open competition.


RELATIONSHIP WITH CUSTOMERS AND CLIENTS
Customer Services
The Group seeks to provide efficient and courteous customer service to maintain customer
satisfaction and co-operation. Customers have access to information about the operation and
development of the Group through annual reports and the company website. The Group shall not
make any misrepresentation, exaggeration or overstatement.


ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL POLICIES
Details of the environmental and social policies of the Group are set out in the Environmental,
Social and Governance Report on pages 45 to 67.


EMPLOYMENT AND REMUNERATION POLICIES
As at 31 December 2019, the Group had a total workforce of 268, of whom 137, 120 and 11 were
based in Hong Kong, the PRC and Japan. Remuneration packages are generally structured by
reference to market terms and individual qualifications, experience and merits. Salaries are
normally reviewed on an annual basis and bonuses, if any, will be based on performance appraisals
and other relevant factors. Staff benefits plans maintained by the Group include mandatory
provident fund scheme, share option scheme and medical insurance.


SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND SERVICES AND ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY
Corporate Social Responsibility has become common practice. The Group cares to save energy,
reduce waste during our day-to-day operations, and to protect the environment by implementing a
series of measures in energy conservation and paper recycling etc.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED     22   ANNUAL REPORT 2019
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF THE DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT OF THE GROUP


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Dr. Lin Xiaohui (“Dr. Lin”), aged 46, obtained a post-graduate diploma in business administration
from the Society of Business Practitioners in December 2013, a Master degree of business
administration from the City University College of Science and Technology in September 2014 and a
Honorary Doctorate degree of Business Administration from the SABI University in August 2015.
Since 2005, Dr. Lin has held management positions in a number of private companies in which he has
shareholding interests, and these companies are mainly engaged in real estate, electronics, logistics
and financial investment in Shenzhen. Dr. Lin is a member of the Committee of Shenzhen City of the
Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference and a member of the Committee of Futian District,
Shenzhen City of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference. Dr. Lin is the spouse of
Madam Su and the brother of Mr. Lin Xiaodong. Dr. Lin joined the Group in June 2014.


Madam Su Jiaohua (“Madam Su”), aged 47, obtained the advanced diploma in business studies
from Ashford College of Management & Technology Singapore in September 2012. Since 2005,
Madam Su has held management positions in a number of private companies in which she has
shareholding interests, and these companies are mainly engaged in real estate, electronics, logistics
and financial investment in Shenzhen. Madam Su also served as a member of the People’s Congress
of Futian District, Shenzhen City since April 2012, and a member of the People’s Congress of Shenzhen
City since May 2015. Madam Su is the spouse of Dr. Lin. Madam Su joined the Group in June 2014.


Mr. Lin Xiaodong (“Mr. Lin”), aged 37, obtained a Bachelor of Commerce and Administration in
Commercial Law and International Business from the Victoria University of Wellington, New
Zealand in 2007. He has worked in the Branch Office of Shenzhen Municipal Office of the State
Administration of Taxation* (深圳市國家稅務局直屬分局) from 2007 to 2009. He has undertaken
various managerial roles in a company owned by Dr. Lin and Madam Su since 2009. Mr. Lin
Xiaodong is the brother of Dr. Lin. Mr. Lin Xiaodong joined the Group in June 2014.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Yu Leung Fai (“Mr. Yu”), aged 43, was appointed as an independent non-executive director of
the Company in 2014 and has over 19 years of experience in corporate services field. He was an
auditor of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu from 2000 to 2001. Since 2001, Mr. Yu has joined Fung, Yu &
Co. CPA Limited and is currently the company’s Managing Partner. Mr. Yu has also been the
company secretary of Beijing Media Corporation Ltd. (Hong Kong stock code: 01000), Yuanda
China Holdings Limited (Hong Kong stock code: 02789) and Sany Heavy Equipment International
Holdings Limited (Hong Kong stock code: 00631), and the independent non-executive director of
Dowway Holdings Limited (Hong Kong stock code: 08403) all of which are listed companies in
Hong Kong, since 2010, 2012, 2017 and 2019, respectively. Mr. Yu graduated from the University of
Toronto with a bachelor’s degree in commerce in 2000 and from the University of London with a
bachelor’s degree in law in 2005. He is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants, Certified Practicing Accountants of Australia and the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants.


*   For identification purpose only

                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   23   ANNUAL REPORT 2019
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF THE DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT OF THE GROUP


Mr. Fang Jixin (“Mr. Fang”), aged 38, holds a Master degree in Civil and Commercial Law from
Wuhan University. Mr. Fang was a legal assistant and a solicitor in the Shu Jin Law Firm from 2005
to 2008 and in the compliance and management division of China International Capital Corporation
Limited from 2008 to 2012. He has joined Shenzhen City Zhidongli Precise Technology Company
Limited* (深圳市智動力精密技術股份有限公司) since 2012 and is currently the deputy general
manager and secretary to the board (董事會秘書). Mr. Fang joined the Group in June 2014.


Dr. Li Jue (“Dr. Li”), aged 44, graduated in Jilin University School of Law, obtained a Bachelor
degree in Laws in 1997, a Master degree in Civil and Commercial Law in 2001 and a Doctorate
degree in Civil and Commercial Law in 2013. In 2014, Dr. Li joined the post-doctoral research
station jointly established by the Center for Assessment and Development of Real Estate, Shenzhen*
(深圳市房地產評估發展中心) and the Harbin Institute of Technology, PRC, and engaged in
researches relating to the real estate industry. Dr. Li was employed by the Bank of China (Shenzhen
Branch) from 2001 to 2013. Since 2015, Dr. Li has been employed by the School of Finance and
Economics at the Shenzhen Institute of Information Technology. Dr. Li joined the Group in June 2014.


SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. Chan Chu Kin (“Mr. Chan”), aged 41, is the chief financial officer and company secretary of
the Company. Mr. Chan has over 18 years of experience in accounting and finance. Mr. Chan
graduated from the University of New South Wales with a bachelor’s degree in commerce in 2001.
He is a member of the Certified Public Accountants of Australia and fellow member of the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Chan joined the Group in June 2017.




*   For identification purpose only




                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   24   ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31
December 2019.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The principal activities of its principal
subsidiaries are set out in note 54 to the consolidated financial statements.


An analysis of the Group’s performance for the year ended 31 December 2019 by business
operating segments and geographical information is set out in note 6 to the financial statements.


RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
The Group’s loss for the year ended 31 December 2019 and the consolidated financial position of
the Group at that date are set out in the consolidated financial statements on pages 76 to 219.


No interim and final dividend have been declared during the years ended 31 December 2019 and
31 December 2018.


FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
A summary of the results, assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five fiscal years is set out
on page 220.


BUSINESS REVIEW
The business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2019 is set out in the
“Management Discussion and Analysis” section on pages 10 to 22.


SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the movements in the Company’s share capital during the year ended 31 December 2019
are set out in note 39 to the consolidated financial statements.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   25     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES
During the year ended 31 December 2019, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had
purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Bye-laws or the laws of
Bermuda which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to its
shareholders.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
At 31 December 2019, the Company did not have any reserve available for distribution (2018: nil).


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
The percentages of sales and purchases for the year attributable to the Group’s major customers
and suppliers were as follows:


(1)   The aggregate amount of turnover attributable to the Group’s five largest customers
      represented 49.3% of the Group’s total turnover. The amount of sales to the Group’s largest
      customer represented 18.4% of the Group’s total turnover.


(2)   The aggregate amount of purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers
      represented 72.2% of the Group’s total purchases. The amount of purchases from the Group’s
      largest supplier represented 45.1% of the Group’s total purchases.


None of the directors of the Company, their associates or any shareholder (who, to the best
knowledge of the directors, owns more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital) had any
beneficial interest in the Group’s five largest customers and/or five largest suppliers during the
year ended 31 December 2019.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   26    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS
The directors of the Company during the year were as follows:


Executive directors:
Dr. Lin Xiaohui
Madam Su Jiaohua
Mr. Lin Xiaodong


Independent non-executive directors:
Mr. Yu Leung Fai
Mr. Fang Jixin
Dr. Li Jue


Mr. Fang Jixin and Dr. Li Jue will retire by rotation and, being eligible, will offer themselves
for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting in accordance with Bye-law 87 of the
Company’s Bye-laws.


The independent non-executive directors are not appointed for specific terms but are subject to
retirement by rotation in accordance with the Company’s Bye-laws.


The Company has received annual confirmation of independence from each of the independent
non-executive directors pursuant to rule 3.13 of The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) and as at the date of this report,
still considers them to be independent.


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
No director of the Company as of the date of this report has a service contract with the Company
which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation
other than statutory compensation.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
Saved as disclosed in notes 12 and 48 to the consolidated financial statements, no director nor a
connected entity of a director had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any
transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to the business of the Group to which the
holding company of the Company, or any of the Company’s subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was
a party during the year.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   27   ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of
the business of the Group was entered into or existed during the year.


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITION IN
SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES OR DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ITS
ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
As at 31 December 2019, the interests and short positions of the directors and chief executive of the
Company in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571
of the Law of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”) or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
were as follows:

                                                        Number of shares held
                                                                              Interest from                           Total
                        Personal interests                                  options granted                   interests as%
                                  (held as     Corporate           Spouse       under share          Total    of the issued
Name of directors        beneficial owner)      interests         interests option scheme         interests    share capital

Dr. Lin Xiaohui                         –    1,073,160,000               –                –   1,073,160,000         74.62%
                                                  (Note 1)

Madam Su Jiaohua                        –               –     1,073,160,000               –   1,073,160,000         74.62%
                                                                   (Note 2)

Mr. Lin Xiaodong                        –               –                –        1,000,000      1,000,000            0.07%

Mr. Yu Leung Fai                        –               –                –          500,000        500,000            0.03%

Mr. Fang Jixin                          –               –                –          500,000        500,000            0.03%

Dr. Li Jue                              –               –                –          500,000        500,000            0.03%

Notes:

1.       As at 31 December 2019, Manureen Holdings Limited (“MHL”) was the legal and beneficial owner of
         1,073,160,000 shares. Since Dr. Lin Xiaohui owned 70% of the issued share capital of MHL, he was
         deemed to be interested in 1,073,160,000 shares.

2.       Madam Su Jiaohua, the spouse of Dr. Lin Xiaohui, was deemed to be interested in 1,073,160,000 shares
         which Dr. Lin Xiaohui was deemed to be interested under the SFO as at 31 December 2019.




                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED           28     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2019, none of the directors or chief executive of the
Company had any interests and short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of
the Company or any associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded
in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by
Directors of Listed Issuers.


INTERESTS OF THE SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY
As at 31 December 2019, so far as is known to the directors, the following persons (other than a
director or chief executive of the Company) had interests in the shares or underlying shares of the
Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the
SFO:


                                                                         Number of       Percentage of
Name of shareholder                                     Capacity        shares held      issued capital


MHL                                              Beneficial owner      1,073,160,000            74.62%

Note:

As at 31 December 2019, MHL was the legal and beneficial owner of 1,073,160,000 Shares. MHL was owned as
to 70% by Dr. Lin Xiaohui and as to 30% by Madam Su Jiaohua.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2019, other than the directors and chief executive of the
Company whose interests or short positions are set out in the paragraph headed “Directors’ and
chief executive’s interests and short position in shares, underlying shares or debentures of the
Company or its associated corporations” above, the directors and chief executive of the Company
were not aware of any person who had any interest or short position in the shares or underlying
shares of the Company according to the register of interest required to be kept by the Company
under Section 336 of the SFO.


SHARE OPTION SCHEMES
The share option scheme (the “Scheme”) adopted by the Company was approved by the
shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 10 August 2012 and is effective
for a period of 10 years commencing on 10 August 2012. The purpose of the Scheme is to attract
and retain quality personnel and other persons and to provide them with incentive to contribute to
the business and operation of the Group or any invested entity through granting of options to
eligible participants. Further details of the Scheme are disclosed in note 40 to the consolidated
financial statements.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    29     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Movements of the share options under the share option scheme during the year are as follows:

                                                          Exercise   Outstanding                                           Outstanding
                                                             price          as at     Granted       Exercised    Lapsed         as at 31
                                         Exercise        per share     1 January       during         during     during      December
Name of Grantee          Date of Grant   Period             (HK$)           2019      the year       the year   the year           2019

Directors
Lin Xiaodong                20/5/2015    20/5/2017            4.11      1,000,000           –               –         –       1,000,000
                                           – 19/5/2025

Yu Leung Fai                20/5/2015    20/5/2017            4.11        500,000           –               –         –         500,000
                                           – 19/5/2025

Fang Jixin                  20/5/2015    20/5/2017            4.11        500,000           –               –         –         500,000
                                           – 19/5/2025

Li Jue                      20/5/2015    20/5/2017            4.11        500,000           –               –         –         500,000
                                           – 19/5/2025

                                                                        2,500,000           –               –         –       2,500,000

Direcotors’ associates
Lin Xiaohong                20/5/2015    20/5/2017            4.11      1,000,000           –               –         –       1,000,000
                                           – 19/5/2025

Su Jiawen                   20/5/2015    20/5/2017            4.11      1,000,000           –               –         –       1,000,000
                                           – 19/5/2025

Lin Yixin                   20/5/2015    20/5/2017            4.11        300,000           –               –         –         300,000
                                           – 19/5/2025

Lin Jingming                20/5/2015    20/5/2017            4.11      1,000,000           –               –         –       1,000,000
                                           – 19/5/2025

                                                                        3,300,000           –               –         –       3,300,000

Other employees
In aggregate                20/5/2015    20/5/2017            4.11      2,000,000           –               –         –       2,000,000
                                           – 19/5/2025

                                                                        2,000,000           –               –         –       2,000,000

                                                                        7,800,000           –               –         –       7,800,000


There was no participant with options granted in excess of the individual limit.




                          REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED             30        ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESSES
None of the directors or any of their respective associates has interest in any business that
competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group, or
has any other conflict of interest with the Group.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
A report on the principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company is set out on
pages 38 to 44.


MATERIAL CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
On 30 April 2019, the Group acquired 60% equity interest in Optima Capital Limited from vendors
at a consideration of HK$96,000,000. As one of the vendors, Ms. Leung Mei Han, is the spouse of a
director of a subsidiary of the Company, it constituted a connected transaction as defined in
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Details of the transaction could be referred to the announcement
of the Group dated 27 December 2018.


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
During the year, the Group conducted certain continuing connected transactions with a connected
person (as defined in the Listing Rules) which are required to be disclosed pursuant to rules 14A.49
and 14A.71 of the Listing Rules.


On 15 May 2019, 偉祿環保株式會社 (translated as Realord Environmental Protection Japan Co., Ltd.
(“Realord EP Japan”)) and 津川金屬株式會社 (translated as Tsugawa Metal Co., Ltd., (“Tsugawa
Metal”)) entered into (i) the lease agreement, pursuant to which Realord EP Japan has agreed to
lease from Tsugawa Metal the Land and the Fixed Assets for JPY5,000,000 (equivalent to
approximately HK$374,550) in aggregate per month; and (ii) the service agreement, pursuant to
which Tsugawa Metal agreed to provide the Technical Services to Realord EP Japan for
JPY2,700,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$202,257) per month with workers’ overtime charge
on a hourly rate (if any), for carrying on the Group’s dismantling and trading of scrap material
business in Japan (together with the lease agreement, the “CCT Agreements”).


Realord EP Japan is effectively owned as to 54.3% by the Company through its indirect 60.3%
owned subsidiary, Realord Environmental Protection Industrial Company Limited, and directly
owned as to 10% by Mr. Liu Tao, who is also a director of Realord EP Japan and a majority
shareholder holding 60% interests in Tsugawa Metal. Tsugawa Metal is therefore a connected
person of the Company at the subsidiary level under the Listing Rules.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   31   ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The transactions contemplated under the CCT Agreements constitute continuing connected
transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


THE LEASE AGREEMENT
Date
15 May 2019


Parties
(i)    Realord EP Japan, as the lessee; and


(ii)   Tsugawa Metal, as the lessor.


Terms of lease
Subject assets              :   The Land and the Fixed Assets


Term                        :   15 May 2019 to 14 May 2020 (both dates inclusive)


Monthly lease payment       :   JPY5,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$374,550) per month


                                The above charge was determined after arm’s length negotiations
                                between Realord EP Japan and Tsugawa Metal with reference to the
                                existing rental expenses paid by Tsugawa Metal to the respective
                                owners of the Land and the Fixed Assets, which are independent
                                third parties, and where such rental expenses are not available, the
                                construction costs of the buildings erected on the Land and the
                                prevailing market purchase price of the relevant Fixed Assets
                                (consumption tax inclusive) charged over the estimated useful lives
                                of the subject assets. Quotations from two independent suppliers
                                were obtained to compare that the aforementioned rental and
                                purchase price were no less favourable to the Group than offered by
                                independent suppliers.


                                Lease payment shall be payable monthly in advance.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   32     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Early termination         :   Tsugawa Metal has the right to terminate the Lease Agreement
                              without giving notice to Realord EP Japan in the occurrence of any of
                              the following events:


                              (i)     three months of lease payments are delinquent;


                              (ii)    Realord EP Japan has delayed the lease payment for more than
                                      three times during the lease term; or


                              (iii)   Realord EP Japan has breached any of the terms in the lease
                                      agreement and failed to correct or remedy in time after
                                      Tsugawa Metal’s written request.


Other terms               :   Tsugawa Metal has confirmed that it has the rights to use and lease
                              the Land and the Fixed Assets to Realord EP Japan.


                              Realord EP Japan is required to obtain a prior written consent from
                              Tsugawa Metal in the following circumstances:


                              (i)     construct a new building on the Land;


                              (ii)    sub-lease the Land and the Fixed Assets, or other acts with
                                      similar purpose;


                              (iii)   change the purpose of the Land and the Fixed Assets; and


                              (iv)    change the existing state of the Land.


                              A deposit of JPY20,000,000 (equivalent to approximately
                              HK$1,498,200) has been paid to Tsugawa Metal on the date of the
                              lease agreement. Upon expiry of the lease term and return of the
                              subject assets by Realord EP Japan to Tsugawa Metal, Tsugawa Metal
                              shall, after deduction of any unpaid rent or damage fee, refund the
                              deposit to Realord EP Japan.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED     33     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


ANNUAL CAPS
The Company has set the annual caps in relation to the lease of the Land and the Fixed Assets as
follows:


Period                                                                                  Annual Caps
                                                                                                 HK$


For the year ending 31 December 2019                                                         2,810,000
For the year ending 31 December 2020                                                         1,686,000

The above annual caps were determined by the Directors with reference to the monthly lease
payment for the Land and the Fixed Assets.


THE SERVICE AGREEMENT
Date
15 May 2019


Parties
(i)      Realord EP Japan; and


(ii)     Tsugawa Metal


Terms of service
Services to be provided      :   The Technical Services
      by Tsugawa Metal


Term                         :   1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020 (both dates inclusive)


Monthly service fee          :   JPY2,700,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$202,257) per month


                                 The above fee was determined after arm’s length negotiations
                                 between Realord EP Japan and Tsugawa Metal with reference to the
                                 salary of nine waste copper wires processing workers under the
                                 technical services, which is lower than the average income of similar
                                 workers in manufacturing industry in Osaka, Japan based on
                                 government statistics.


Overtime charge              :   JPY1,875 (equivalent to approximately HK$140) per hour and per
                                 worker in the event that the relevant workers are required by
                                 Realord EP Japan to work overtime from 6 p.m. to 10 p.m.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    34    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



                              JPY2,250 (equivalent to approximately HK$169) per hour and per
                              worker in the event that the relevant workers are required by
                              Realord EP Japan to work overtime from 10 p.m. to 5 a.m.


                              The above overtime charge was determined after arm’s length
                              negotiations between Realord EP Japan and Tsugawa Metal with
                              reference to the average hourly rate per worker calculated based on
                              the monthly service fee above assuming each worker works 8 hours
                              per day and 25 working days per month and the statutory
                              requirements for overtime compensation according to 労働局
                              (translated as Labour Bureau) in Japan.


                              The monthly service fee, together with the overtime charge, are
                              payable within five Business Days upon receipt of an invoice from
                              Tsugawa Metal.


Early termination         :   Either party may terminate the service agreement by giving a 15-day
                              prior written notice. However, the parties are still required to fulfill
                              their obligations and responsibilities under the service agreement
                              before termination.


Other terms               :   Tsugawa Metal agreed that the amount of waste copper wires
                              processed under the service agreement shall be no less than 450
                              tonnes per month and the average daily amount of waste copper
                              wires processed shall be no less than 18 tonnes calculated based on
                              25 working days per month. If the waste copper wires provided by
                              Realord EP Japan is less than the agreed amount, leading to the
                              waste copper wires processed being less than such agreed amount,
                              the monthly service fee will remain as JPY2,700,000 (equivalent to
                              approximately HK$202,257).


                              Tsugawa Metal warrants that the copper content of each tonne of
                              processed waste residue shall not exceed 1%.


                              In the event that the copper content in the processed waste copper
                              wires deviates from the level specified in the processing plan as
                              previously agreed by both parties by over 1%, Tsugawa Metal shall
                              compensate such loss in value of copper content by Realord EP Japan
                              according to the prevailing copper price in the Japanese market as at
                              the relevant completion date of processing.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    35    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


ANNUAL CAPS
The Company has set the annual caps in relation to the Technical Service as follows:


Period                                                                                 Annual Caps
                                                                                              HK$


For the year ending 31 December 2019                                                      2,314,000
For the year ending 31 December 2020                                                      2,314,000

The above annual caps were determined by the Directors with reference to the monthly service fee
for the Technical Service and the estimate of workers’ overtime charge to be incurred in the event
that higher average daily amount of waste copper wires at up to 30 tonnes than the agreed 18
tonnes per day abovementioned is processed as a result of possible increase in machines
productivity.


Full details of the above continuing connected transactions are set out in the announcements
published by the Company on 15 May 2019 and on the website of the Hong Kong Exchanges and
Clearing Limited (“The Stock Exchange”).


In accordance with rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, the independent non-executive directors of the
Company reviewed the continuing connected transactions as mentioned above and confirmed that
the transactions were entered into:


(1)   in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;


(2)   on normal commercial terms or better; and


(3)   according to the relevant agreement governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable
      and in the interests of the shareholders of the Group as a whole.


Pursuant to rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Company’s external auditors, Grant Thornton
Hong Kong Limited (“Grant Thornton”) was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing
connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000
(Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial
Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected
Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants. Grant Thornton has issued an unqualified letter containing findings and
conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed by the Group in the
paragraph above in accordance with rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules. A copy of the auditor’s letter
has been provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   36    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Save as disclosed above, the Company did not have any connected transactions and continuing
connected transactions which were subject to the disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules during the year. For those other related party transactions of the Group constituted
connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules as disclosed in note 48 to the
consolidated financial statements, all were fully exempted from the disclosure requirements for
reporting, announcement and independent Shareholders’ approval.


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the directors,
the Company had maintained a sufficient public float of not less than 25% of the Company’s total
issued shares as required under the Listing Rules throughout the year under review.


AUDITORS
On 15 January 2020, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu resigned as auditors of the Company and Grant
Thornton Hong Kong Limited was appointed by the directors to fill the casual vacancy so arising.
A resolution for the reappointment of Grant Thornton Hong Kong Limited as auditors of the
Company will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting.


For and on behalf of the Board



Lin Xiaohui
Chairman


Hong Kong, 20 April 2020




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   37    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Company is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance practices. In the
opinion of the directors, the Company has complied all code provisions (the “Code Provisions”) in
the Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”) set out in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules for the
year ended 31 December 2019.


DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding directors’ securities transactions on terms
set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
Code”) contained in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules. Having made specific enquiry of all
directors of the Company, they have confirmed compliance with the required standard set out in
the Model Code during the year ended 31 December 2019.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Company is governed by a board of directors (the “Board”) which has the responsibility for
leadership and monitoring of the Company. The directors are collectively responsible for
promoting the success of the Group by directing and supervising the Group’s affairs. The Board set
strategies and directions for the Group’s activities with a view to develop its business and to
enhance shareholders’ value.


The Board met 11 times during the year ended 31 December 2019. Its composition and the
attendance of individual directors at these Board meetings were follows:


                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                  Board meetings
Name                                                                                attended/held


Executive directors
Dr. Lin Xiaohui (Chairman)                                                                  11/11
Madam Su Jiaohua (Chief Executive Officer)                                                  11/11
Mr. Lin Xiaodong                                                                            11/11


Independent non-executive directors
Mr. Yu Leung Fai                                                                            11/11
Mr. Fang Jixin                                                                              11/11
Dr. Li Jue                                                                                  11/11

Dr. Lin Xiaohui and Madam Su Jiaohua are spouses.
Dr. Lin Xiaohui and Mr. Lin Xiaodong are brothers.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   38   ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


To the best knowledge of the Company and save as disclosed above, there is no financial, business
and family relationship among members of the Board.


DIRECTORS’ TRAINING
All directors participate in continuous professional development to enhance and refresh their
knowledge and skills. During the year ended 31 December 2019, all directors had provided the
Company their training records. All directors participated in continuous professional development
exercise by way of attending seminars/conferences/forums organised by professional
organisations and keep themselves updates on the roles, functions and duties of a listed company
directors. The trainings attended by the directors are in the area of corporate governance,
regulatory development, financial management or business skills and knowledge. The Company is
of the view that all directors of the Company has compiled with Code Provision A.6.5.


CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
The roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company are separated, with a clear
division of responsibilities to assume a balance of authority and power.


The Chairman is responsible for the leadership of the Board, ensuring its effectiveness in all aspects
of its role and for setting its agenda and taking into account any matters proposed by other
directors for inclusion in the agenda. Through the Board, he is responsible for ensuring that good
corporate governance practices and procedures are followed by the Group.


The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Group’s business.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Group benefits from the experience and expertise of the independent non-executive directors
of the Company. They advise the Company on strategy development and enable the Board to
maintain high standards of compliance of financial and other mandatory requirements. Each
independent non-executive director of the Company gives an annual confirmation of the
independence to the Company and the Company considers them to be independent under Rule
3.13 of the Listing Rules.


All the independent non-executive directors of the Company are not appointed for a specific term
but are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at the Company’s annual general meetings
in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company, which stipulate that one-third of the directors
shall retire from office by rotation so that each director shall be subject to retirement at least once
every three years.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    39    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS
The Board is responsible for the following corporate governance functions:

•    to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and
     make recommendations to the Board;

•    to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors
     and senior management;

•    to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and
     regulatory requirements;

•    to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any)
     applicable to employees and Directors;

•    to review the Company’s compliance with the Code Provisions and disclosure in the
     Corporate Governance Report; and

•    such other corporate governance and functions set out in the Code Provisions (as amended
     from time to time) for which the Board are responsible.

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
During the year ended 31 December 2019, the members of the Remuneration Committee comprised
one executive director and two independent non-executive directors of the Company, namely Dr.
Li Jue (Chairman), Mr. Yu Leung Fai and Dr. Lin Xiaohui. The terms of reference of the
Remuneration Committee have been determined with reference to the Code.

The Remuneration Committee met two times during the year ended 31 December 2019. All
members attended these meetings.

The Remuneration Committee is mainly responsible for making recommendations to the Board on
the Company’s remuneration policy and structure for all directors and senior management. During
the year ended 31 December 2019, the Remuneration Committee has reviewed the Group’s
remuneration policy, including the policy for the remuneration of executive directors in accordance
with Code Provision B.1.2(c)(ii), the levels of remuneration paid to executive directors and senior
management of the Group.

NOMINATION OF DIRECTORS
During the year ended 31 December 2019, the members of the Nomination Committee comprised
one executive director and two independent non-executive directors of the Company, namely Dr.
Lin Xiaohui (Chairman), Mr. Yu Leung Fai and Mr. Fang Jixin. The terms of reference of the
Nomination Committee have been determined with reference to the Code.

The Nomination Committee is mainly responsible for reviewing the structure, size and composition
of the Board at least annually, making recommendations on the procedures and criteria for
appointment of Directors and implementing those that are adopted by the Board.



               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   40    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The nomination policy of the Company specifies the selection criteria of Directors including but not
limited to the following:

•     Character and integrity;

•     Qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience that are
      relevant to the Company’s business and corporate strategy;

•     Diversity in all aspects, including but not limited to gender, age (18 years or above) cultural
      and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length
      of service;

•     Requirements of independent non-executive directors on the Board and independence of the
      proposed independent non-executive directors in accordance with the Listing Rules; and

•     Commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest to discharge duties as a
      member of the Board and/or Board committee(s) of the Company.

AUDIT COMMITTEE
During the year ended 31 December 2019, the members of the Audit Committee comprised three
independent non-executive directors of the Company, namely Mr. Yu Leung Fai (Chairman),
Mr. Fang Jixin and Dr. Li Jue. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee follow the guidelines
set out in the Code.

The Audit Committee met two times during the year ended 31 December 2019, which were
attended by all members.

During the year, the Audit Committee had reviewed the Group’s interim and annual results, risk
management and internal control system and financial reporting matters. The Audit Committee
oversees the overall financial reporting process as well as the adequacy and effectiveness of the
Company’s internal control procedures.

ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
Financial Reporting
The directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the consolidated financial statements
of the Company, which give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group on a going
concern basis. As at 31 December 2019, the directors are not aware of any material uncertainties
relating to events or conditions which may cast significant doubt upon the Company’s ability to
continue as a going concern. Accordingly, the directors have prepared the consolidated financial
statements of the Company on a going-concern basis.

The responsibilities of the external auditors about their financial reporting are set out in the
Independent Auditor’s Report attached to the Company’s Financial Statements for the year ended
31 December 2019.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   41    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS
The Board acknowledges its responsibility to ensure that an appropriate and effective risk
management and internal control systems are maintained so as to safeguard the Group’s assets and
the interests of the Shareholders. The Board has developed its risk management and internal
control systems, and is also responsible for overseeing the performance of the risk management
and internal control system on an ongoing basis. Such systems, however, are designed to manage
rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide
reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.


During the year, the Board has, through Audit Committee, conducted a review on the adequacy
and effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems of the Group, which covered
financial, compliance and operational controls as well as risk management mechanisms. The Board
also reviewed the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications for those who are responsible for
accounting and financial reporting function and experience, training programmes and budget of
the Group’s accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions. The internal auditor of the
Group has performed an independent review on the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk
management and internal control systems of the Group. The review results has been properly
reported to the Audit Committee.


The Board has established a policy and guideline on the procedures and internal controls for the
handling and dissemination of inside information, which stipulated the duties and responsibilities
of inside information announcement, restriction on sharing non-public information, handling of
rumours, unintentional selective disclosure, exemption and wavier to the disclosure of inside
information, and also compliance and reporting procedures.


Based on the internal control reviews conducted in 2019, no significant control deficiency was
identified.


AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
For the year ended 31 December 2019, fees paid/payable to the Company’s external auditor for
annual audit services totalled HK$3,380,000 (year ended 31 December 2018: HK$1,880,000). For
other audit/review-related services, the fees amounted to HK$1,500,000 (year ended 31 December
2018: HK$2,630,000).


COMPANY SECRETARY
The Company Secretary is to ensure there is a good information flow within the Board and between
the Board and senior management, provide advice to the Board in relation to directors’ obligations
under the Listing Rules and applicable laws and regulations and assist the Board in implementing
the corporate governance practices. The Company Secretary confirmed that he has taken not less
than 15 hours of relevant professional training during the year ended 31 December 2019 and has
provided training record to the Company indicating his compliance with the training requirement
under the Listing Rules. The Company is of the view that the Company Secretary has compiled
with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.



                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   42    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
The Bye-laws of the Company has been amended at the 2012 annual general meeting held on 10
August 2012 so as to bring the Bye-laws in line with the current revised requirements of the Listing
Rule and certain changes to the laws of Bermuda. The amendments were disclosed in details on
pages 32 to 36 of the Company’s circular to shareholders dated 11 July 2012 published on the
websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.


An updated version of the Bye-laws of the Company is available on the website of the Company
(www.realord.com.hk) and the Stock Exchange (http://www.hkexnews.hk/index.htm).


DIVIDEND POLICY
The payment and the amount of any dividends will be at the discretion of our Directors and will
depend upon our future operations and earnings, acquisitions, capital requirements and surplus,
general financial conditions, contractual restrictions and other factors which our Directors deem
relevant.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Convenes a special general meeting of the Company
Pursuant to Bye-law 58 of the Company, shareholder(s) holding at the date of deposit of the
requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company carrying the right of
voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition
to the Board or the Company Secretary of the Company, to require a special general meeting to be
called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such
meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within twenty-one
days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting the requisitionists
themselves may convene a special general meeting.


Enquiries to the Board
Shareholder(s) may at any time send their enquires to the Board in writing through the Company
Secretary whose contact details are as follows:


Company Secretary
Realord Group Holdings Limited
Suites 2403-2410
24/F, Jardine House
1 Connaught Place
Central, Hong Kong




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    43   ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Procedures for putting forward proposals at general meetings
The following shareholder(s) are entitled to put forward a proposal (which may properly be put to
the meeting) for consideration at a general meeting of the Company:


1.    any shareholder(s) representing not less than one-twentieth of the total voting rights of the
      Company on the date of the requisition; or


2.    not less than one hundred shareholders.


The requisition specifying the proposal, duly signed by the shareholders concerned, together with
a statement with respect to the matter referred to in the proposal must be deposited at the
registered office of the Company in the case of:


(1)   a requisition requiring notice of a resolution, not less than six weeks before the meeting; and


(2)   any other requisition, not less than one week before the meeting.


The Company would take appropriate actions and make necessary arrangements, and the
shareholders concerned would be responsible for the expenses incurred in giving effect thereto in
accordance with the requirements under Sections 79 and 80 of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda
(as amended) once valid documents received.


COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
The Company endeavors to develop and maintain continuing relationships and effective
communications with its shareholders and investors. To facilitate and enhance the relationships
and communication, the Company has established, including but not limited to, the following
various channels:


1.    annual general meeting provides a forum for shareholders of the Company to raise comments
      and exchange views with the Board. The Chairman and the directors are available at annual
      general meetings to address shareholders’ queries;


2.    separate resolutions are proposed at general meetings on each substantially separate issue to
      facilitate the enforcement of shareholders’ rights. Pursuant to rule 13.39(4) of the Listing
      Rules, any vote of shareholders at a general meeting must be taken by poll. As such, all
      resolutions set out in the notice of the annual general meeting of the Company will be voted
      by poll;


3.    interim and annual results are announced as early as possible so that the shareholders are
      kept informed of the Group’s performance and operations; and


4.    corporate website www.realord.com.hk contains extensive information and updates on the
      Company’s business.

                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    44   ANNUAL REPORT 2019
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


1.1   Overview
      This Environmental, Social and Governance Report covers the Environmental, Social and
      Governance Performance of the Group, during the reporting period from 1 January 2019 to 31
      December 2019. This Report has complied with the “comply or explain” provisions set out in
      Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide (the “ESG Reporting Guide”) and
      reported on all recommended disclosures of the Guide. The content of this Report is prepared
      in accordance with the ESG Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
      (the “Stock Exchange”) and is published once a year.


1.2   Reporting Scope
      The is a conglomerate listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange,
      principally engaged in financial services, property investment and development, distribution
      and sales of motor vehicle parts, commercial printing, hangtag and environmental protection
      industry with geographic coverage in Hong Kong, the PRC and Japan. The reporting scope of
      this Environmental, Social and Governance Report cover the Shenzhen office and Guangxi
      Recycling Yard.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   45    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


2.   REPORTING PRINCIPLES
     We have taken the following reporting principles into account in development of this Report:


     •    Materiality: We regularly engage our stakeholders to better understand their concerns
          relating to sustainability issues that affect them. We also make regular reference to our
          peers and both local and regional sustainability criteria when we review our
          sustainability context, materiality and disclosures in order to keep our sustainability
          priorities and strategy relevant. The Board and the management regularly review the
          sustainability issues that are most significant to our business and operations, and
          consider the issues discussed in this Report to be material to the Group.


     •    Quantitative: For the quantitative information we report on, we provide explanation on
          how we collect and analyse relevant data in appropriate circumstances. The
          environmental key performance indicators include the disclosure of comparative data
          to allow stakeholders to make analysis based on our performance.


     •    Balance: We aim to keep our report balanced and make fair disclosures on critical
          aspects of our performance, both in terms of progress made and continuing challenges
          that we are dealing with.


     •    Consistency: We have reported in accordance with the ESG Reporting Guide of the
          Stock Exchange, which allows for year-to-year comparison with our previous
          performance.




              REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   46    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


3.   COMMUNICATION WITH STAKEHOLDERS
     The Group strives to accommodate views and interests of stakeholders (including
     shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers, regulatory authorities and the public)
     through constructive communications with them to determine the direction of the Company’s
     long-term development and maintain close relationships with stakeholders. The operating
     data and overall performance of the Group are summarized in the Company’s interim report
     and annual report semi-annually and reported to investors through the Company’s official
     website (www.realord.com.hk).


     Communication with stakeholders


     Major stakeholders               Communication means


     Investors                        Maintain close, transparent and efficient communication with
                                      shareholders through regular investor meetings, annual
                                      general meetings, emails, investor relations hotline and
                                      investor mailbox and announcements.


     Customers                        Set up a customer service hotline for customers to express their
                                      opinions. Where a complaint is received, customer service staff
                                      shall give the customer a proper reply as soon as possible.


     Employees                        Develop employment and employee benefits systems, and
                                      strengthen employees’ awareness of occupational safety and
                                      health through training.


     Suppliers                        Carry out open and transparent procurement through emails,
                                      meetings, review and evaluation process to achieve mutual
                                      benefit and win-win results with suppliers.


     Communities                      Assign employees to participate in environmental activities in
                                      communities.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   47    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


4.   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE
     4.1   Environment
           Management principles and policies
           The Group has been committed to and has devoted great efforts to practising
           environmental protection and promoting sustainable development to fulfill its social
           responsibility as a corporate citizen. Therefore, environmental management has become
           an important part of the Group’s development strategy, and we have endeavored to
           integrate the concept of sustainable development into our core business through the
           implementation of a number of environmental management measures, so as to make
           more effective use of natural resources, reduce pollution, and build a better living
           environment for our next generation. We has endeavored to reduce irrecoverable
           damages to the environment resulted from the Group’s operations by implementing
           environmental management measures covering various aspects such as carbon
           emissions reduction, energy saving and green procurement. Meanwhile, we have
           established a sound environmental management system, with an aim to achieve the
           goals of complying with regulations, improving environmental performance and
           preventing environmental pollution.


           The Group strictly complies with all applicable environmental laws and regulations,
           such as the Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人
           民共和國環境保護法》). During the reporting period, there was no case of prosecution
           against the Group in relation to the violation of environmental laws.


           4.1.1 Emissions
                 Pollution is an inevitable by-product during the process of production. However,
                 as a responsible enterprise, we put every effort into achieving continuous
                 commitment to environmental protection, by adopting a series of measures to
                 reduce environmental impacts, including curbing exhaust gas and greenhouse
                 gas emissions; sewage and land and reducing the generation of hazardous and
                 non-hazardous waste. The environmental measures implemented by the Group
                 in business operations are detailed as below by type:




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    48   ANNUAL REPORT 2019
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


        Air pollution reduction
        All our operating locations strictly comply with the Law of the People’s Republic
        of China on the Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution (《中華人民共
        和國大氣污染防治法》) and emission standards specified by different provinces
        and cities, to keep the exhaust emissions within the thresholds under relevant
        laws and regulations, and minimise the impact on neighboring regions. The air
        pollutant we generated is mainly due to automobile emissions of the Group.
        Therefore, we have been focusing on the exhaust emissions of various equipment
        and implementation a series of emission control such as arranging regular
        repairment and maintenance for the Group’s automobiles, ensure to maintain
        their engines’ and other mechanical systems’ in proper condition and improve
        fuel efficiency and reduce pollutant emissions. In order to minimise exhaust
        emissions, the Group has prepared to replace traditional diesel vehicles with
        energy saving vehicles gradually amidst the business growth of the Group,
        expecting to slow down the emission.


        The table below sets out the Group’s exhaust emissions in the latest three
        reporting years:


                                                      2019           2018           2017


        Nitrogen Oxide (NOx)(kg)                      13.38          12.39           6.89
        Sulfur Oxides (SOx)(kg)                        0.15           0.23           0.11
        Particles (PM) (kg)                            0.99           0.91           0.55




      REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   49   ANNUAL REPORT 2019
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


        Reducing greenhouse gas emissions
        It is an indisputable fact that global warming is becoming more and more
        serious. The Group has been paying attention to climate change issues. In this
        regard, it seeks to take the optimal measures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions
        from business operations and combat climate change. We also conduct data
        monitoring to identify and classify sources of greenhouse gas emissions in
        accordance with requirements and guidelines of the Stock Exchange, so as to
        compare the data performance of various sources.


        The table below sets out the greenhouse gas’ total emissions and density of the
        Group in the latest three reporting years:


                                                          2019        2018          2017


        Emissions of greenhouse gas
          (Carbon dioxide equivalent (tonne))
        Direct Emissions                                 25.59        38.41           88
        Energy indirect emissions                       137.91       129.54       102.68
        Total emissions                                 163.50       167.95       190.68
        Total number of employees (person)                  92         142            63
        Emission density of
          greenhouse gas (Carbon dioxide
          equivalent (tonne)/person)                       1.78        1.18          3.03

        Business travel reduction
        We also understand that transportation is one of the main sources of carbon
        emissions. To reduce greenhouse gas emissions caused by transportation, the
        Group encourages employees to give priority to the use of modern
        communication modes as much as possible, including the widely-used Internet
        videoconferencing and WeChat, to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from
        business trips and the related transportation. When it is necessary for employees
        to make business trips, they will prefer taking public transport to reduce
        additional carbon emissions.




      REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   50    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


        Exhaust gas reduction management
        In view of the impact of wasted gas produced by waste plastics processing
        machines on the surrounding environment, the Group has installed a gas
        collecting and extracting device at the exhaust outlet of the waste processing
        machinery in our Guangxi Recycling Yard. The device with the activated carbon
        fiber adsorption technology is to discharge waste gas after it is being collected
        and processed. In addition, the Group also focuses on improving the ventilation
        in the workshops, reducing the concentration of exhaust gas in the workshops
        effectively through air-diluting. After being processed and purified, relevant
        exhaust gas has already met the standards of the Law of the People’s Republic of
        China on the Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution (《中華人民共和
        國大氣污染防治法》) that effectively safeguard employees’ occupational health.


        Noise pollution management
        In accordance with the standards of the Law of the People’s Republic of China on
        the Prevention and Control of Pollution from Environmental Noise (《中華人民共
        和國環境噪聲污染防治法》), the Group adopted enclosed design for its Guangxi
        Recycling Yard and set up sound barriers to prevent noise and from affecting the
        surrounding environment during operation.


        Waste management
        The Group develops and implements strict management measures for waste
        generated in the production process in reference to the List of National
        Hazardous Wastes (《國家危險廢物名錄》), the Prevention and Control of
        Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste (《中華人民共和國固體廢物污染環境防治
        法》) and the Management Measures for Transfer Forms of Hazardous
        Waste (《危險廢物轉移聯單管理辦法》), to systematically identify environmental
        factors of production process and made detailed guidelines of waste management
        available.




      REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   51   ANNUAL REPORT 2019
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


        Hazardous waste disposal
        The hazardous wastes generated during the operation of the Group’s Guangxi
        Recycling Yard mainly involve waste machine oil, circuit boards, scrap rubber,
        activated carbon, etc. The Group strictly comply with the regulations and
        requirements in the Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and
        Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste (《中華人民共和國固體廢棄物
        環境污染防治法》) and the Administrative Measures for Hazardous Waste
        Transfer Manifest (《危險廢物轉移聯單管理辦法》) on hazardous waste disposal
        in the course of centralized collection and temporary storage management of
        hazardous wastes, and have entered into service agreements with qualified waste
        disposal companies designated by local governments to assist the Group in
        proper disposal of all hazardous wastes.


        The table below sets out the hazardous wastes’ total volume and density of the
        Group in the latest three reporting years:


                                                          2019       2018         2017


        Total volume of hazardous wastes
          (tonne)                                            0          0          0.33
        Total number of employees (person)                  92        176           63
        Emission density per employee
          (kg/person)                                        0          0          5.24




      REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   52    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


        Disposal of non-hazardous waste
        The Group adopts the 5R (i.e. Refuse, Reduce, Reuse, Repair and Recycle)
        management strategy for the management of non- hazardous waste. The Group’s
        Guangxi Recycling Yard has set up a recycling center where employees collect,
        mark and separate different types of solid waste in accordance with the Law on
        Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste (《固體廢物污
        染環境防治法》) and the Administrative Measures for Municipal Domestic Waste
        (《城市生活垃圾管理辦法》). The reusable waste, including paper, plastic and
        metal, will be sent to recycling agencies for proper treatment. We endeavour to
        improve the recycling rate and achieve the highest resource efficiency through
        internal operation management, publicity, training, labeling, classification,
        recycling and other policy controls. In addition, in order to improve the
        efficiency of energy and resource use, the Group regularly engages qualified
        professional agencies to carry out environmental monitoring, and from time to
        time invites environmental experts to propose improvement plans which will be
        studies and implemented.


        The table below sets out the non-hazardous wastes’ total volume and density of
        the Group in the latest three reporting years:


                                                          2019       2018         2017


        Total volume of non-hazardous wastes
          (tonne)                                         4.46       2.16        529.49
        Total number of employees (person)                  92        176           63
        Emission density per employee
          (tonne/person)                                  0.05       0.01          8.40

        Non-hazardous wastes in 2019 increased by 106% as compared with that of 2018.




      REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   53    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     4.1.2 Use of Resources
           In order to use all resources including energy, water and other natural resources
           more effectively and prudently, we continuously invest in the upgradation and
           improvement of technologies and equipment, energy-saving and consumption
           reduction, as well as environmentally friendly facilities, so that it can utilise the
           resources more efficiently and, to some extent, reduce the consumption of
           various resources.


           Energy conservation
           As a socially responsible company, the Group keeps practicing the business
           philosophy of “green construction and energy conservation”. We advocate the
           use of energy-saving, efficient and environmental-friendly construction
           equipment, machinery and tools and office appliances recommended by the state
           and the industry. For energy conservation, we require contractors to adopt
           various energy-saving measures during construction. Meanwhile, we
           continuously update the latest environmental news to optimise the existing
           services, so as to reduce environmental pollution.


           The energy conservation measures we have undertaken in 2019 as below:

           Energy conservation measures

           (1)         It is planned to gradually replace the existing office and warehouse
                       lighting with LED lighting, which can lower power consumption and
                       reduce hazardous waste from replacement of short-lived traditional
                       lighting fixtures.

           (2)         All employees are required to participate in energy saving and
                       emission reduction actions; employees are educated to properly use
                       office electrical equipment including lighting, electric fans, air
                       conditioners and other facilities, to turn off the equipment not in use
                       in their responsible areas, and to check and ensure that all
                       energy-consuming equipment is turned off before leaving work. In
                       addition, the Group disseminates knowledge of energy conservation
                       and emission reduction to encourage employees to develop
                       energy-saving and environment-friendly work habits.

           (3)         It is required to set the air conditioning temperature at 25 degrees to
                       avoid waste of energy.

           (4)         Office equipment (such as refrigerators and air conditioners) is
                       cleaned on a regular basis to improve operational efficiency.

           (5)         Environment-friendly and energy-efficient appliances and equipment
                       are preferred.




         REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   54     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


        Water conservation and efficiency enhancement
        Water is one of our most important natural resources. In order to cherish the
        precious water resources, the Group makes every effort to maximise the water
        resources used in its business operations. We actively promote the concept of
        valuing water to employees and maintain in good condition, so as to achieve our
        goal of water saving. In particular, Guangxi Recycling Yard has implemented the
        reuse of water resources, as the water used in washing clothes and hands in the
        staff dormitory are collected for flushing toilets.


        Packaging materials wastes reduction
        Guangxi Recycling Yard mainly uses trucks to deliver goods directly to
        customers. Under the premise of reasonable protection, the company try to
        committed reuse the packaging materials which were imported along with raw
        materials, so as to minimize resource consumption in the transportation process
        without producing large quantity of packaging materials wastes.


        The table below sets out the main resources’ total consumption and density of
        the Group in the latest three reporting years:


                                                Shenzhen office                 Guangxi recycling yard
                                             2019     2018           2017       2019      2018       2017


        Total number of employees
          (person)                             65           27         24         27        115*        39
        Gasoline consumption of
          automobiles (L)                    N/A       5,716.72   6,926.05 10,022.89    9,942.15    14,743
        Consumption density (L/person)       N/A         211.73     288.59    371.22       86.45    378.03
        Power consumption of facility
          (kWh in ’000s)                   83,048       68,889     39,774     84,959     80,412     99,284
        Consumption density
          (kWh in ’000s/person)           1,277.66     2,551.44   1,657.25   3,146.63    699.23    2,545.74
        Water consumption (m3)              428.20          299        303   1,847.00     2,619       2,868
        Consumption density (m3/person)       6.59        11.07      12.63      68.41     22.77       73.54

        *     Total number of employees of Guangxi recycling yard include temporary employees




      REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      55         ANNUAL REPORT 2019
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     4.1.3 Environment and Natural Resources
          The Group integrates environmental responsibility into its daily business
          operations. Accordingly, the Company promotes green operations and green
          procurement policy to reduce environmental impact and the consumption of
          natural resources.


          Natural Resources Protection
          To reduce the consumption of paper, a main type of natural resource consumed
          by the Group, we encourage our employees to transmit information electronically
          and process documents on computers as much as possible, and require them to
          print on both sides as far as possible. The number of company envelopes,
          portfolios, brochures, etc. for internal use is also verified to avoid overprinting.
          For reusable and recyclable resources in waste, such as waste paper and printer
          ink cartridges, we have set up collection bins for classification management to
          facilitate internal recycling or transfer to qualified recyclers for further recycling.
          We grow vegetables and poultry in the open space of our Guangxi Recycling
          Yard to meet our daily needs and reduce purchases of such goods. We also
          actively cooperate with environmental protection agencies, and organize our staff
          to participate in activities recycling and donating waste clothes and articles, so as
          to convey the message of environmental protection to the public.


          Raising awareness
          To ensure that employees implement the Group’s environmental protection
          philosophy in their daily work, all new employees will go through the training in
          environmental protection.




        REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    56     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


        Green office policy
        The Group has implemented a series of measures to reduce the use of office
        supplies:


        •     Implement electronic file management, encouraging employees to process
              documents on computers and transmit information electronically as far as
              possible, and reducing the printing, transmission, sorting and archiving of
              paper files.


        •     The number of envelopes, portfolios and brochures issued by the Company
              is also subject to verification and control to minimize the demand for
              paper.


        •     Categorise waste, recycle and transfer recyclable resources to qualified
              recyclers, various collection bins have been placed in the office for the
              recycling of single-sided printed paper and printer cartridges.


        •     Various green plants have been placed in different areas of the office, and
              the green area coverage in Guangxi Recycling Yard has reached 15%, which
              helps clean air and improve indoor and surrounding air quality.


        •     Put up “Save Water” reminders in appropriate places to remind employees
              to reduce water consumption in their daily operations and to close the taps
              immediately after use so as to reduce unnecessary waste.


        •     Enhance daily maintenance and management of water equipment,
              including regular maintenance of water mains and pipes to reduce hidden
              leakage.


        Green operation
        To reduce the emissions and energy consumption due to transportation, the
        Group is encouraged to give priority to products of local suppliers where
        hardware and software conditions so permit, with an aim to prevent additional
        carbon emissions due to long distance of transporting goods. When local
        suppliers are selected, we also adopt a centralized approach to arrange as few
        deliveries as possible, and optimize delivery plans to reduce exhaust emissions
        during transportation. Meanwhile, when it is necessary to acquire or upgrade
        operating equipment, we will make reference to the information on the energy
        label to select energy-efficient models as far as possible in order to achieve better
        energy management efficiency.




      REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   57     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


  4.2   Social
        4.2.1 Employment
             The success of our business depends on the untiring efforts and dedicated service
             of all employees. The Group understands that the recruitment, retention and
             cultivation of talents can help maintain its market competitiveness. We have
             formulated a series of employment policies to ensure that employees are treated
             in a fair and reasonable manner.


             Recruitment, promotion and equal opportunity
             The Group has regular reviews for the demand and requirements for human
             resources with each business function head in order to secure the sufficient staff
             members for the positions required and to keep the normal business operations
             and development. In addition, we have implemented a standardised recruitment
             system with high transparency to ensure the righteousness, openness and
             fairness upheld throughout the recruitment and employment processes. When
             considering the opportunity for promotion of a position, we will follow the
             principle of “appropriateness”, and their job performance evaluation, experiences
             and capabilities of the potential are considered as conditions for staff promotion.


             Work-life balance
             Employees are the most important core asset of the Group. The Group attentively
             takes care of the needs of employees and the Group pays close attention to
             employees’ work and life balance. With a relaxation of the life for employees can
             help to enhance the overall operational efficiency of the Group. As such, the
             Group strictly abides by the Labour Contract Law of the People’s Republic of
             China (《中華人民共和國勞動合同法》) to guarantee appropriate working hours
             and sufficient leave days for employees.




           REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   58    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


        Remuneration and benefits policy
        The Group has established a set of objective and fair remuneration guidelines. In
        addition to wage adjustments based on the market practice and conditions, and
        the results of employee assessment, the Group also determines annual bonuses
        based on individual performance to motivate their interest and enthusiasm and
        share the Group’s profits with its employees as the reward for their contributions
        to the Group. Moreover, we review and adjust the remuneration mechanism on a
        regular basis to provide fairer and more competitive remuneration packages. The
        Group develops also its benefits policy in accordance with the Labour Law of the
        People’s Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People’s Republic of
        China and Hong Kong Employment Ordinance, and observes local requirements
        relating to minimum wage, working hours and the overtime limit, paid statutory
        holidays and paid annual leave. In addition, we establish the Benefits Committee
        in charge of reviewing matters related to employees’ benefits. The Group
        currently provides comprehensive benefits guarantees for all employees,
        including medical insurance. In order to promote the bilateral communication
        and interaction between employees and employer, the Group also delivers the
        most recent update of the Group to every employee timely via information
        special section and survey and listens to the employees’ opinions and advices
        actively, taking corresponding measures timely on issues which employees care
        about and protecting the interest of our employees.


        Compensation, termination of employment and retirement policy
        The Group initiates compensation and retirement procedures, including relevant
        provisions on indemnification and compensation and the planning of retirement
        arrangements, in accordance with the Labour Law of the People’s Republic of
        China, the Labour Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China and other
        relevant laws and regulations.


        Anti-discrimination
        We strictly follow anti-discrimination policies and will not tolerate harassment of
        any kind. When recruiting and promoting employees, we will only consider
        individual work experience and performance. We provide our employees with
        fair recruitment, compensation, training, transfer and promotion opportunities
        regardless of their race, gender, age or religious, so as to ensure fair and equal
        opportunities are offered to all job applicants. We strive to create the working
        environment with care, endurance, fairness with no discrimination.




      REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED     59   ANNUAL REPORT 2019
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     4.2.2 Health and Safety
           The Group fully recognizes the importance of occupational health and safety to
           the manufacturing and catering industry. Therefore, we strive to create the best
           working environment for our valued employees. We have advocated and upheld
           the idea of “Safety First” and strived in achieving the goal of zero industrial
           accident. We have formulated a set of suitable safety management plan in
           accordance with the laws and regulations, to reduce and control potential
           occupational safety and health hazards in business operations. The Group strictly
           implements the legislative requirements on occupational health and safety at its
           operating locations to avoid any injuries of employees at work. During the
           reporting period, the Group did not have significant issues relating to violations
           in this respect.


           Occupational health and safety policy
           In order to effectively review our occupational health and safety performance,
           the Group sets up dedicated departments for coordinating and arranging safety
           checks for all operating facilities in accordance with Occupation Health and
           Safety Policies and regular reviews are held at meetings to examine the Group’s
           occupational health and safety performance. Any employee being found of a
           mis-operation or risky operation will be immediately warned. At the same time,
           corrective and preventive measures will be adopted to manage the risks
           identified for assuring the quality and implementation of the safety management
           measures, so as to reduce unsafe behaviors of on-site personnel and accidents.


           Workplace safety management
           The Group’s production workshops and offices are equipped with dust removal,
           noise elimination, gas protection and other equipment, with standards in place
           for dangerous goods identification marks and for the proper use and storage of
           inflammable and explosive materials in order to minimize potential harm to the
           health of employees. To further enhance the safety of the Group’s workplaces, we
           have set up first aid kits, fire extinguishers and exit signs at all operating
           locations and reminded our employees of the need to keep the passage or escapes
           clean and clear at all times. It is forbidden to place too many miscellaneous items
           in the offices to ensure a rapid and safe evacuation in case of emergency.




         REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   60    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


        Personal protective equipment
        The Group is committed to providing employees with a legitimate, safe and
        dignified working environment. Apart from displaying notice or label, we also
        provide frontline employees with personal protective equipment such as dust
        masks, noise reduction earplugs and emergency medicines for occasional needs.
        Meanwhile, employees are arranged to attend safety training courses to raise
        their awareness of workplace safety and to ensure the efficiency of the personal
        protective equipment for protecting our employees.


        Workplace hygiene
        The Group has advised employees to maintain cleanliness in the workplace. We
        set up designated areas in offices and plant areas to collect wastes discarded by
        our employees. Hygiene in public areas is regularly managed by dedicated
        departments. Regular cleaning of air conditioning systems and carpets in office
        areas is also arranged to keep hygiene in the workplace.


        Employee work safety training
        We actively promote the culture of workplace safety. The Group provides
        employees with adequate training on occupational health to keep up employees’
        awareness against workplace health and safety, in order to ensure the safe
        operation of equipment, the Group has developed appropriate training sessions,
        mainly covering the correct use of protective equipment, knowledge and cases of
        safety production and occupational health, and safe operation of positions/
        equipment. Moreover, we share all the latest information and news of
        occupational health and safety with all staff.


        Incident response plan
        To prevent possible accidents and potential risks due to emergencies like fire and
        power failure, the Group has set up a set of stringent measures and practice fire
        drills from time to time. All onsite workers are required to be aware of the
        emergency procedures, such as the proper use of personal protective equipment
        and rescue facility.




      REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    61    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


          Stress management
          The Group has complaint and confidential feedback channels in place for all
          employees, allowing them to express any views or concerns to the department
          heads or executives at the higher rank.


     4.2.3 Development and Training
          Career development policy
          To maintain the Group’s competitiveness in the world of rapid development of
          technology, it is important that we keep our skills and knowledge up-to-date.
          Therefore, we promote the spirit of life-long learning and cultivating a
          continuous learning culture. To further improve team values and professionalism
          of staff, we develop career development training for staff and encourage them to
          actively participate in various training workshops and courses.


          Pre-employment training
          In order to assist our newly recruited employees to adapt to the Group’s work
          culture and environment, we provide pre-employment training for them,
          including information about our corporate culture, employee handbooks, job
          skills and relevant safety knowledge, with an aim of enhancing their
          understanding of the Company, their position and working environment.


          Vocational skills training
          We are dedicated to building a professional technical team, so we have arranged
          training courses for our employees to meet the needs of different jobs and ranks
          to improve individual profession knowledge skills and capabilities. The Group
          has a mechanism for further improvement of its performance, for some internal
          key talents, we have developed career paths and defined career ladders for key
          positions, sponsored our staff to attend external training courses, such as
          professional qualification trainings, workshops or seminars, in order to
          strengthen overall professionalism and individual calibre of employees, and help
          competent employees to pursue excellence and grow together with the Company.




        REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   62    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     4.2.4 Labour Standards
          Policy of child labour prevention
          The Group prohibits the recruitment of child labour and has zero tolerance of
          forced labour. In accordance with the Regulations of the People’s Republic of
          China on Special Protection of Juvenile Workers and relevant foreign laws and
          regulations, the Group reviews the valid identity certificates of job applicants in
          the employee recruitment, onboarding approval and onboarding registration
          process.


          Prevention on forced labour
          In the process of employment, the Group, in accordance with the Labour
          Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China, respects the right and freedom
          of every employee to choose jobs, including freedom of employment, freedom to
          resign, freedom to work overtime and freedom of movement. The Group strictly
          prohibits any forms of forced labour, including contract labour and bonded
          labour, and never forces employees to work overtime. Employees have the right
          to form and join trade unions to safeguard their personal rights.


     4.2.5 Supply Chain Management
          The steady development of the Group’s business is dependent on the reliable
          support of its suppliers. Suppliers are one of the important stakeholders in the
          Group’s business value chain, and our relationship with them is close and
          inseparable. The Group is also fully committed to building a good partnership
          with our suppliers. To promote the business and cooperation with suppliers, the
          Group stipulates internal rules to regulate the process of procurement, and also
          explains our principles and expectations to our partners, and requires suppliers
          to comply with all laws, international conventions, contractual requirements, and
          all codes of the Group. We have also established effective mechanisms to ensure
          that both parties will strictly act in accordance with laws and regulations.




        REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   63     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


        Supplier Appointment
        In terms of material procurement and supplier management, and in the process
        of selecting and evaluating suppliers of administrative supplies and services, we
        employ fair, impartial and open evaluation criteria. We also require suppliers to
        declare their interests to avoid conflicts of interest or tunneling of interests. The
        Group has set up a series of evaluation indicators for supplier selection,
        including supplier’s past experience, price, reputation, professional
        qualifications, ethics, environmental protection and corporate social
        responsibility performance. To ensure that the suppliers’ performance continues
        to meet the Group’s requirements, we assess their performance over the past year
        through an annual assessment to review whether to continue cooperation with
        them.


        Sustainable supply chain
        The Group puts great emphasis on the sustainability of value chain. While
        fulfilling our environmental and social responsibilities, we also expect our
        suppliers to operate in the same responsible manner. Accordingly, we
        incorporate sustainability considerations into our procurement and outsourcing
        process and require suppliers to meet basic standards. For example, all suppliers
        are required to abide by the following sustainability principles, and to ensure
        that their regular and temporary employees, suppliers and sub-suppliers confirm
        and comply with the requirements of this policy.




      REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   64     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     4.2.6 Product Responsibility
           The Group is very concerned about the performance of its products, and has
           therefore formulated an array of policies to facilitate better quality products and
           services.


           Quality management policy
           The Group values the spirit of contract. The specifications of all products and
           services will be clearly specified in the contract to ensure that the customer
           understands details of the contract and to protect the interests of the buyer and
           the seller. We seek to provide the highest standards of products and services
           throughout our operations, which involve the application of proprietary systems
           and process to ensure compliance with local and international standards. In order
           to strengthen customer confidence in our products, the Group has established a
           quality inspection and evaluation team for incoming and outgoing products, to
           closely monitor the quality of products prior to delivery in accordance with the
           corresponding inspection procedures.


           Fair promotion policy
           The Group adheres to the principle of fair promotion to ensure that product
           information on the Group’s publicity website and other promotional materials is
           true and accurate, and does not contain any false, exaggerated or excessive
           statements. In accordance with the Advertisement Law, the Group requires sales
           staff to disseminate information from the Group’s recognized product strengths
           when promoting products, and avoid negative representations involving rivals or
           competing products to prevent customers from being misled when purchasing.


           Customer data protection policy
           According to the importance of protecting customer information, the Group
           strictly manages and keeps confidential information and documents related to
           customers’ intellectual property rights in accordance with the requirements of
           the Confidentiality Measures and the Employee Handbook issued within the
           Group. Without permission, employees are not allowed to copy, privately store
           or take away such information and documents from the Company.


           After-sale service policies
           The Group is committed to providing efficient and courteous after-sale service to
           its customers, and has established e-mail boxes and hotlines as channels to
           maintain communication with customers and assist in answering any customer
           enquiries, resolving detail contract problems or other follow-up matters.




         REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   65    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     4.2.7 Anti-corruption
           The Group is committed to building a corporate culture of integrity and business
           ethics. We have the standards of conduct to guide our employees and partners,
           which provides rules and guidelines for dealing with gifts, treats, transactions,
           financial management, etc.


           Corporate governance policy
           The Group has followed and complied with all the code provisions of the
           Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules,
           including maintaining good corporate governance practices. To take forward a
           corporate culture of integrity and anti-corruption, we have established the
           anti-corruption practices and the benefit declaration process in our employee
           handbook. If any employee is involved in any corruption and fraud conduct, we
           will impose penalties based on the influence and consequence of such conduct
           according to the corporate rules. If the behavior violates the law, it will be
           handled by the judicial authority according to law with zero tolerance.


           Policy Name                   Explanation


           Anti-corruption policy        No employee or director may seek or receive any
                                         preferential benefits, including money, gifts, loans,
                                         remuneration, work, contracts, services and
                                         sponsorship, especially when there is a conflict of
                                         interest between such benefits and the Company’s
                                         business dealings.


           Policy on declaration of      All major transactions involving conflicts of interest
             conflicts of interest       within the Group must be disclosed to the board of
                                         directors. Board members involved in a conflict of
                                         interest may not vote on any resolution on such
                                         transactions.


           Policy on approval of         All the important service contracts are subject to
             service contracts           approval by the board of directors. Approved service
                                         contracts shall be reviewed by the Nomination
                                         Committee, which consists of one executive director
                                         and two independent non-executive directors.




        REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      66     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


          Whistle-blowing policy
          To firmly reject the occurrence of corruption, frauds, etc., the Group has
          established whistle-blowing policy for employees and other stakeholders to
          report any suspected improper or illegal activities through any anonymous ways
          such as by mail, email, telephone, etc. The Group will investigate and handle the
          case once internal corruption related information is received. The investigations
          are administered on a confidential basis and there will be no reprisal against
          employees.


          Third-party audit policy
          Each year, the Group engages a third-party audit firm to verify the accuracy of
          its financial accounts and defend the interests of shareholders. The selection of a
          third-party audit firm is determined by the Audit Committee, which is composed
          of all independent non-executive directors.


     4.2.8 Community Investment
          As a responsible corporate citizen, the Group is well aware that our
          responsibility is not only to contribute directly to the economy, but also to
          generate positive impact on the society as a whole through our business
          operations and public welfare programs. In the past year, the Group actively
          participated in community activities to give back to the society. Realord Group is
          committed to promoting charity, helping the disadvantaged, and supporting
          academic and scientific research for the well-being of the next generation in the
          principle of “From the Community, For the Community”. The Group has also set
          up a team of staff volunteers to participate in public welfare activities such as
          visiting the elderly living alone, supporting needy families and helping students
          in need. In the future, the Group will continue to focus its community investment
          efforts on scientific research and development, national development and
          poverty alleviation to give back to the society.




        REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   67     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




         致同
To the members of Realord Group Holdings Limited
偉祿集團控股有限公司
(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)


OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Realord Group Holdings Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 76 to
219, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2019, and
the consolidated statement of profit or loss, consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of
cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a
summary of significant accounting policies.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated
financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2019, and of its consolidated financial
performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong
Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued
by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We
are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were
addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in
forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED     68   ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Key audit matter                                      How the matter was addressed in our audit


Valuation of investment properties


We identified the valuations of investment            Our procedures in relation to the valuations of
properties as a key audit matter due to the           the investment properties included:
significance of the balance to the consolidated
financial statements as a whole, combined             •    Evaluating the competence, capabilities and
with management judgment associated with                   objectivity of the Valuer;
determining the fair value.
                                                      •    Obtaining an understanding from the
The Group’s investment properties are located in           Valuer about the valuation methodologies,
Hong Kong and the People’s Republic of China.              significant unobservable inputs and critical
As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s investment             judgment on key inputs and data used in
properties amounted to HK$8,863,251,000 and                the valuations;

represented 70% of the Group’s total assets. As
                                                      •    Assessing the reasonableness of valuation
disclosed in note 18 to the consolidated financial
                                                           methodologies used by the Valuer with the
statements, net loss on fair value changes of
                                                           assistance from our valuation experts;
investment properties of HK$202,594,000 was
recognised in profit or loss.
                                                      •    Assessing the reasonableness of significant
                                                           unobservable inputs used by the Valuer
All of the Group’s investment properties are
                                                           with the assistance from our valuation
stated at fair values based on valuations
                                                           experts by comparing them, on a sample
performed by a firm of independent qualified
                                                           basis, to publicly available information of
professional valuers (the “Valuer”). The
                                                           similar comparable properties;
valuations are dependent on certain significant
unobservable inputs, including price per              •    Evaluating the reasonableness of adjusting
square meter/bay/square feet, which are                    factors on the conditions and locations of
determined based on comparable transactions                the properties made by the Valuer with the
after applying adjusting factors to reflect the            assistance from our valuation experts by
conditions and locations of the subject                    comparing them with historical adjusting
properties. Details of the valuation                       factors applied, comparability and other
methodologies and significant unobservable                 market factors for similar properties; and
inputs used in the valuations are disclosed in
note 18 to the consolidated financial                 •    Performing site visit to the investment
statements.                                                properties.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      69    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Key audit matter                                    How the matter was addressed in our audit


Impairment assessment of trade receivables and
receivables arising from securities broking


We identified the impairment assessment of          Our procedures in relation to the impairment
trade receivables and receivables arising from      assessment of trade receivables and receivables
securities broking as a key audit matter due to     arising from securities broking included:
the significance of trade receivables and
receivables arising from securities broking to      •     Obtaining an understanding of the process
the consolidated financial statements and the             over credit risk assessment and how
involvement of subjective judgment and                    management estimates the credit loss
management estimates in evaluating the                    allowance for trade receivables and
expected credit losses (“ECL”) of the Group’s             receivables arising from securities broking;
trade receivables and receivables arising from
securities broking at the end of the reporting      •     Assessing the appropriateness of the credit
period.                                                   loss allowance calculation methodology
                                                          used by management;
As at 31 December 2019, net trade receivables
and receivables arising from securities broking     •     Testing the accuracy of the ECL adjustment
amounted to HK$321,088,000 and HK$89,481,000,             made by the Group;
respectively.
                                                    •     Testing the integrity of information used by
As set out in note 4 to the consolidated                  management in assessing the credit risk of
financial statements, the Group recognises a              individual debtors, on a sample basis, by
credit loss allowance for trade receivables and           checking the loss rates of the debtors to
receivables arising from securities broking by            independent source and comparing
adopting the ECL model individually on each               historical default rates to the actual losses
debtor in the current year. In calculating the            recorded during the current year;
credit loss allowance, the loss rates are
estimated based on comparable probability of
default and recovery rate quoted from
international credit-rating agencies; and
exposure of default after consideration of
underlying collaterals, if any, and adjusted for
forward-looking information that is available
without undue cost or effort.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    70    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Key audit matter                                  How the matter was addressed in our audit


Impairment assessment of trade receivables and
receivables arising from securities broking
(Continued)


As disclosed in note 51b to the consolidated      •    Challenging management’s basis and
financial statements, the Group recognised net         judgment in determining credit loss
reversal of impairment losses of HK$4,760,000          allowance on trade receivables and
and HK$2,640,000 on trade receivables and              receivables arising from securities broking
receivables arising from securities broking,           as at 31 December 2019, including their
respectively, for the current year. As at 31           identification of credit-impaired trade
December 2019, the Group’s ECL on trade                receivables and receivables arising from
receivables and receivables arising from               securities broking and the reasonableness
securities broking amounted to HK$6,337,000            of the basis of estimated loss rates applied
and HK$9,000, respectively.                            and exposure of default for each individual
                                                       debtor with reference to historical default
                                                       rates, forward-looking information and
                                                       value of pledged securities; and


                                                  •    Evaluating the disclosures regarding the
                                                       impairment assessment of trade receivables
                                                       and receivables arising from securities
                                                       broking in note 51b to the consolidated
                                                       financial statements.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    71   ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Key audit matter                                      How the matter was addressed in our audit


Acquisition of assets through acquisition of
subsidiary


We identified the acquisition of 深圳市友盛地               Our procedures in relation to the valuation of the
產有限公司 (Shenzhen Yousheng Real Estate                  identifiable net assets of Shenzhen Yousheng
Co., Ltd. or “Shenzhen Yousheng”) as a key            included:
audit matter due to the valuation of
identifiable net assets at the date of acquisition    •     Obtaining and reviewing relevant contracts
requires significant management estimations                 related to the Acquisition and evaluating
when determining its fair value.                            management’s accounting treatment for the
                                                            Acquisition;
Shenzhen Yousheng was an associate of the
Group as at 31 December 2018 of which the             •     Evaluating the competence, capabilities and
Group held 49% equity interests. On 22 May                  objectivity of the Valuer;
2019, the Group acquired addition 2% equity
interests in Shenzhen Yousheng. As a result,          •     Obtaining an understanding from the
the Group’s interests in Shenzhen Yousheng                  Valuer about the valuation methodology
increased from 49% to 51% and Shenzhen                      and key assumptions used in the valuation;
Yousheng became a subsidiary of the Group
(the “Acquisition”). Further details are set out      •     Involving our valuation experts to evaluate
in note 42b to the consolidated financial                   the methodology used to determine the fair
statements.                                                 value of the identifiable net assets, and
                                                            benchmarked the discount rates applied to
Management accounted for the Acquisition as                 other comparable companies in the same
an acquisition of assets and has engaged the                industry; and
Valuer to perform the valuation of the
identifiable net assets of Shenzhen Yousheng          •     Involving our valuation experts to assess
at the date of acquisition. As a result, a gain             the reasonableness of key assumptions used
on re-measurement of previously held                        by management such as price per square
interests in an associate of HK$709,402,000                 meter/bay, construction cost and gross
arising from the Acquisition was recognised in              margin.
profit or loss during the current year.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      72    ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information
comprises all the information in the 2019 annual report of the Company, but does not include the
consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we
do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read
the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially
inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or
otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report
that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and
the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control
as the directors of the Company determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible
for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters
related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the
Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.


The directors of the Company assisted by the Audit Committee are responsible for overseeing the
Group’s financial reporting process.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    73   ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to
issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body,
in accordance with section 90 of the Bermuda Companies Act 1981, and for no other purpose. We
do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this
report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of
these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•     identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
      whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those
      risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
      opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than
      for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
      misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•     obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
      procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing
      an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.


•     evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of
      accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors of the Company .


•     conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
      and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to
      events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a
      going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
      attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial
      statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are
      based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
      events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    74     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
•     evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial
      statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements
      represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•     obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities
      or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial
      statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group
      audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in
internal control that we identify during our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable,
related safeguards.


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were
of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and
are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances,
we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
such communication.




Grant Thornton Hong Kong Limited
Certified Public Accountants
Level 12
28 Hennessy Road
Wanchai
Hong Kong


20 April 2020


Ng Ka Kong
Practising Certificate No.: P06919



                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   75     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019




                                                                                         2019        2018
                                                                              Notes   HK$’000     HK$’000


Revenue                                                                         5
  Goods and services                                                                   811,196     782,622
  Rental income                                                                         10,569      19,532
  Interest                                                                               7,133       8,885


Total revenue                                                                          828,898     811,039
Cost of sales                                                                         (640,783)   (629,311)


Gross profit                                                                           188,115     181,728
Other income                                                                   7A       27,367       3,801
Other gains and losses                                                         7B       15,302     310,319
Reversal of impairment losses/(Impairment losses), net                          8        8,591     (27,168)
(Loss)/Gain on fair value changes of investment properties,
  net                                                                          18     (202,594)    671,422
Loss on early redemption of promissory notes                                   38     (439,781)          –
Gain on re-measurement of previously held interests in
  an associate                                                                 42b     709,402           –
Selling and distribution expenses                                                      (10,806)    (10,108)
Administrative expenses                                                               (191,015)   (148,637)
Share of result of an associate                                                         (1,222)     (1,436)
Finance costs                                                                   9     (534,104)   (423,972)


(Loss)/Profit before income tax                                                       (430,745)    555,949
Income tax credit/(expense)                                                    10       26,056    (172,238)


(Loss)/Profit for the year                                                     11     (404,689)    383,711


Attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                               (415,529)    363,282
  Non-controlling interests                                                             10,840      20,429


                                                                                      (404,689)    383,711


(Loss)/Earnings per share
Basic (HK cents)                                                               15       (28.89)      26.89


Diluted (HK cents)                                                             15       (28.89)      26.82


                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       76      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019




                                                                                          2019        2018
                                                                                       HK$’000     HK$’000


(Loss)/Profit for the year                                                             (404,689)    383,711


Other comprehensive expense
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Gain on property revaluation                                                               725        1,407
Income tax relating to gain on property revaluation                                        (181)       (352)


Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign operations:
  – Subsidiaries                                                                       (119,184)   (462,429)
  – An associate                                                                           135          (57)


Other comprehensive expense for the year,
  net of income tax                                                                    (118,505)   (461,431)


Total comprehensive expense for the year                                               (523,194)    (77,720)


Attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                                (534,403)    (98,584)
  Non-controlling interests                                                              11,209      20,864


                                                                                       (523,194)    (77,720)




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED         77      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                           As at 31 December 2019




                                                                                     2019         2018
                                                                    Notes         HK$’000      HK$’000

NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                                         16            488,433      100,521
Prepaid lease payments                                                17              4,842        4,968
Investment properties                                                 18          8,863,251    9,081,879
Goodwill                                                              19             87,390       28,497
Other intangible assets                                               20             46,184       13,369
Investment in an associate                                            21                  –       66,122
Equity instrument at fair value through other
  comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)                                     22                 –       31,048
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                           25            14,562       82,930


                                                                                  9,504,662    9,409,334


CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                                           23             67,062     146,170
Trade receivables                                                     24            321,088     455,015
Receivables arising from securities broking                           24             89,481      99,832
Prepaid lease payments                                                17                  –         114
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                           25            368,781     306,112
Proposed development projects                                         26          1,622,738           –
Tax recoverable                                                                       3,661       3,463
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)       27             14,130      96,631
Cash held on behalf of clients                                        28              6,292       8,454
Bank balances and cash                                                29            585,052     896,544


                                                                                  3,078,285    2,012,335


CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade payables                                                        30            55,360      223,016
Payables arising from securities broking                              30            16,853       19,645
Contract liabilities                                                  31             5,141        4,832
Other payables and accruals                                           32           100,601      100,282
Bank borrowings and overdrafts                                        33           524,923      496,953
Amounts due to related parties                                        34            69,496       78,524
Lease liabilities                                                     35            29,794            –
Tax payable                                                                         17,696       10,583


                                                                                   819,864      933,835


NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                2,258,421    1,078,500


TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                            11,763,083   10,487,834




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      78      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                              As at 31 December 2019




                                                                                        2019         2018
                                                                       Notes         HK$’000      HK$’000


EQUITY
Share capital                                                            39            143,821      143,571
Reserves                                                                             2,201,274    2,734,877


Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                         2,345,095    2,878,448
Non-controlling interests                                                              874,195       53,978


                                                                                     3,219,290    2,932,426


NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Deferred tax liabilities                                                 36           339,709      377,442
Other payables and accruals                                              32            42,353            –
Loans from ultimate holding company                                      37           687,688       821,460
Promissory notes                                                         38                 –     1,492,460
Bank borrowings                                                          33          7,444,069    4,864,046
Lease liabilities                                                        35            29,974            –


                                                                                     8,543,793    7,555,408


                                                                                    11,763,083   10,487,834




                     LIN XIAOHUI                                              SU JIAOHUA
                       DIRECTOR                                                DIRECTOR




                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED     79      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




                                                                                    Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                    Share                               Assets Exchange                                     Non-
                                               Share       Share    Shares to     options    Statutory     Capital revaluation translation       Retained             controlling      Total
                                              capital   premium     be issued     reserve      reserve     reserve     reserve     reserve         profits      Total interests       equity
                                            HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000                HK$’000      HK$’000 HK$’000        HK$’000
                                            (note 39)                            (note 40)     (note a)   (note b)

As at 1 January 2018                         115,075     594,347       20,441      19,319        1,900           –          30,017    15,797      260,957     1,057,853    33,114    1,090,967


Profit for the year                                –           –            –           –            –           –              –           –     363,282      363,282     20,429     383,711
Other comprehensive income/(expense)
  for the year:
Gain on property revaluation                       –           –            –           –            –           –            844           –            –         844        563        1,407
Income tax relating to gain on
  property revaluation                             –           –            –           –            –           –           (211)          –            –        (211)      (141)       (352)
Exchange differences arising on
  translation of foreign operations
    – Subsidiaries                                 –           –            –           –            –           –              –    (462,442)           –    (462,442)        13    (462,429)
    – An associate                                 –           –            –           –            –           –              –         (57)           –         (57)         –         (57)


Total comprehensive income/(expense)
  for the year                                     –           –            –           –            –           –            633    (462,499)    363,282       (98,584)   20,864      (77,720)


Acquisition of assets through acquisition
   of subsidiaries (note 42c)                 28,100    1,295,402           –           –            –     586,594              –           –            –    1,910,096         –    1,910,096
Issue of shares                                  175        8,768      (8,943)          –            –           –              –           –            –            –         –            –
Exercise of shares options                       221        8,862           –      (4,265)           –           –              –           –        4,265        9,083         –        9,083
Transferred from retained profits                  –            –           –           –        1,049           –              –           –       (1,049)           –         –            –


Transactions with owners                      28,496    1,313,032      (8,943)     (4,265)       1,049     586,594              –           –        3,216    1,919,179         –    1,919,179


As at 31 December 2018                       143,571    1,907,379      11,498      15,054        2,949     586,594          30,650   (446,702)    627,455     2,878,448    53,978    2,932,426




                                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                             80           ANNUAL REPORT 2019
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




                                                                                    Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                    Share                               Assets Exchange                                     Non-
                                               Share       Share    Shares to     options    Statutory     Capital revaluation translation       Retained             controlling      Total
                                              capital   premium     be issued     reserve      reserve     reserve     reserve     reserve         profits      Total interests       equity
                                            HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000                HK$’000      HK$’000 HK$’000        HK$’000
                                            (note 39)                            (note 40)     (note a)   (note b)

As at 1 January 2019                         143,571    1,907,379      11,498      15,054        2,949     586,594          30,650   (446,702)    627,455     2,878,448    53,978    2,932,426

(Loss)/Profit for the year                         –           –            –           –            –           –              –           –     (415,529)   (415,529)    10,840    (404,689)
Other comprehensive income/(expense)
  for the year:
Gain on property revaluation                       –           –            –           –            –           –            437           –            –         437        288         725
Income tax relating to gain on
  property revaluation                             –           –            –           –            –           –           (109)          –            –        (109)       (72)       (181)
Exchange differences arising on
  translation of foreign operations
    – Subsidiaries                                 –           –            –           –            –           –              –    (119,337)           –    (119,337)       153    (119,184)
    – An associate                                 –           –            –           –            –           –              –         135            –         135          –         135

Total comprehensive income/(expense)
  for the year                                     –           –            –           –            –           –            328    (119,202)    (415,529)   (534,403)    11,209    (523,194)

Acquisition of subsidiary (note 41a)               –           –            –           –            –           –              –           –            –           –     19,971      19,971
Acquisition of assets through acquisition
   of subsidiary (note 42b)                        –           –            –           –            –           –              –         (78)          78           –    774,437     774,437
Issue of shares                                  250      11,248      (11,498)          –            –           –              –           –            –           –          –           –
Capital contributions from
   non-controlling interests                       –           –            –           –            –           –              –           –        1,050       1,050     14,600      15,650

Transactions with owners                         250      11,248      (11,498)          –            –           –              –         (78)       1,128       1,050    809,008     810,058

As at 31 December 2019                       143,821    1,918,627           –      15,054        2,949     586,594          30,978   (565,982)    213,054     2,345,095   874,195    3,219,290

Notes:

(a)         In accordance with the Articles of Association of all subsidiaries established in the People’s Republic of
            China (the “PRC”), those subsidiaries are required to transfer 5% to 10% of the profit after income tax
            to the statutory reserve until the reserve reaches 50% of the corresponding registered capital. Transfer
            to reserve must be made before the distribution of dividends to equity holders. The statutory reserve
            can be used to make up for previous years’ losses, expand the existing operations or convert into
            additional capital of the subsidiaries.

(b)         Capital reserve of HK$586,594,000 represents the deemed contribution by Dr. Lin Xiaohui (“Dr. Lin”)
            and Madam Su Jiaohua (“Madam Su”) through Manureen Holdings Limited (“Manureen Holdings”) as
            the controlling shareholders of the Company, in the acquisition of assets through acquisition of
            subsidiaries by the Company from them in 2018, details of which are set out in note 42c to the
            consolidated financial statements. The contribution by the controlling shareholders represents the
            difference between the net assets acquired (net of settlement of outstanding debts) of HK$7,909,770,000
            and the fair value of Total Consideration (as defined in note 42c) of HK$7,323,176,000.




                                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                             81           ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




                                                                                       2019        2018
                                                                            Notes   HK$’000     HK$’000

OPERATING ACTIVITIES
(Loss)/Profit before income tax                                                     (430,745)    555,949
Adjustments for:
Depreciation/Amortisation of prepaid lease payments                                     122         118
Depreciation
  – Owned assets                                                                      12,669      11,958
  – Right-of-use assets                                                               28,191           –
Exchange gain on loans from ultimate holding company                                 (13,014)     (3,889)
Exchange loss/(gain) on promissory notes                                              33,749    (133,403)
Exchange gain on bank borrowings                                                           –      (6,164)
Finance costs                                                                 9      534,104     423,972
Bank interest income                                                         7A      (13,481)       (842)
Finance lease interest income                                                7A            –        (330)
Interest income from margin financing                                                 (7,133)     (8,885)
Interest income on credit-impaired loan receivables                          7A       (5,981)       (963)
Gain on re-measurement of previously held interests in
  an associate                                                               42b    (709,402)          –
Loss/(Gain) on fair value changes of investment properties, net               18     202,594    (671,422)
Loss on early redemption of promissory notes                                  38     439,781           –
(Reversal of impairment losses)/Impairment losses, net                         8      (8,591)     27,168
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                            7B            –          61
Revaluation deficit on property, plant and equipment                         7B           31         361
Unrealised fair value gain on financial assets at FVTPL                      7B       (3,737)    (35,063)
Share of result of an associate                                                        1,222       1,436

Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                              60,379     160,062
Decrease/(Increase) in inventories                                                    78,134    (105,818)
Decrease/(Increase) in trade receivables                                             184,843    (147,991)
(Increase)/Decrease in receivables arising from
   securities broking                                                                (26,718)       868
Decrease/(Increase) in prepayments, deposits and other
   receivables                                                                         9,339     (79,530)
Increase in proposed development projects                                            (11,954)          –
Decrease/(Increase) in financial assets at FVTPL                                      86,237        (238)
Decrease in cash held on behalf of clients                                             2,162       8,867
(Decrease)/Increase in trade payables                                               (167,415)    155,473
Decrease in payables arising from securities broking                                  (2,792)    (18,103)
Increase in contract liabilities                                                         218       1,782
Increase/(Decrease) in other payables and accruals                                     1,736     (12,833)

Cash generated from/(used in) operations                                             214,169     (37,461)
Interest received                                                                      7,133       8,885
Income tax paid                                                                       (2,744)    (14,186)

Net cash from/(used in) operating activities                                         218,558     (42,762)




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        82      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019




                                                                                          2019          2018
                                                                              Notes    HK$’000       HK$’000

INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                            (536,042)    (4,507,157)
Acquisition of an associate                                                    21             –        (67,615)
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                (6,026)        (9,944)
Payment for acquisition of an equity investment                                22             –       (120,741)
Purchase of financial assets at FVTPL                                                         –           (150)
Additions to investment properties                                             18           (39)           (75)
Deposits paid for acquisition of non-current assets                                           –        (71,300)
Payment for purchased or originated credit-impaired
  loan receivables                                                                      (53,575)      (29,776)
Lending of a loan receivable                                                           (102,346)            –
Receipt of finance lease receivables                                                          –         7,302
Proceeds from disposal of an equity instrument                                 22        30,681        89,154
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                                           –         6,600
Proceeds from repayment of other receivables
  from a local government authority                                                           –        13,021
Proceeds from repayment of a loan receivable                                            101,746             –
Bank interest received                                                                   13,481           842

Net cash used in investing activities                                                  (552,120)    (4,689,839)

FINANCING ACTIVITIES
New bank borrowings raised                                                             3,581,779     8,007,510
Loans from ultimate holding company                                                    2,100,206       853,698
Proceeds from exercise of share options                                                        –         9,083
Proceeds from related parties                                                              6,738             –
Repayment of bank borrowings                                                            (876,481)   (2,668,773)
Repayment of promissory notes                                                  38     (2,006,365)            –
Repayment to ultimate holding company                                                 (2,220,964)     (407,037)
Repayment to related parties                                                             (37,938)       (1,986)
Payment of lease liabilities                                                             (27,327)            –
Proceeds on disposal of partial interests in a subsidiary                                 13,000             –
Proceeds from issue of shares to non-controlling interests                                 2,650             –
Interest paid                                                                           (492,225)     (229,827)

Net cash from financing activities                                                       43,073     5,562,668

Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                   (290,489)      830,067

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                  876,544        46,632

Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates                                             (21,003)         (155)

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                        565,052       876,544


Represented by
Bank balances and cash                                                                  585,052       896,544
Bank overdrafts                                                                33       (20,000)      (20,000)

                                                                                        565,052       876,544




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED         83      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019




1.   GENERAL
     Realord Group Holdings Limited (the “Company”) is a public limited company incorporated
     in Bermuda and its shares are listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
     Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). Its parent and ultimate holding company is Manureen
     Holdings, a private limited company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”). The
     ultimate shareholders of Manureen Holdings are Dr. Lin and Madam Su, who own 70% and
     30% equity interests of Manureen Holdings, respectively. Dr. Lin is also the chairman and an
     executive director of the Company and Madam Su is an executive director of the Company.
     The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company are
     disclosed in the “Corporate information” section to the annual report.


     The Company acts as an investment holding company. The principal activities of its principal
     subsidiaries and an associate are set out in notes 54 and 21, respectively.


     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollar (“HK$”), which is
     also the functional currency of the Company.


     In these consolidated financial statements, certain English name of the companies referred
     herein represent the management’s best effort to translate the Chinese name of the companies
     as no English name has been registered.


     The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019 were approved
     for issue by the board of directors on 20 April 2020.


2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL
     REPORTING STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”)
     New and amendments to HKFRSs that are effective for the current year
     The Group has applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs issued by the Hong
     Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) for the first time in the current
     year:

     HKFRS 16                                   Leases
     Amendments to HKFRS 9                      Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation
     Amendments to HKAS 19                      Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement
     Amendments to HKAS 28                      Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures
     Amendments to HKFRSs                       Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2015-2017 Cycle
     HK(IFRIC) – Int 23                         Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments

     Except as described below, the application of the new and amendments to HKFRSs in the
     current year has had no material impact on the Group’s financial performance and positions
     for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated
     financial statements.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       84      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HKFRSs (Continued)
     New and amendments to HKFRSs that are effective for the current year (Continued)
     HKFRS 16 “Leases”
     HKFRS 16 “Leases” replaces HKAS 17 “Leases” along with three Interpretations
     (HK(IFRIC)-Int 4 “Determining whether an Arrangement contains a Lease”, HK(SIC)-Int 15
     “Operating Leases-Incentives” and HK(SIC)-Int 27 “Evaluating the Substance of Transactions
     Involving the Legal Form of a Lease”). HKFRS 16 has been applied using the modified
     retrospective approach, with the cumulative effect of adopting HKFRS 16 being recognised in
     equity as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profits for the current period.
     Prior periods have not been restated.


     For contracts in place at the date of initial application, the Group has elected to apply the
     definition of a lease from HKAS 17 and HK(IFRIC)-Int 4 and has not applied HKFRS 16 to
     arrangements that were previously not identified as lease under HKAS 17 and HK(IFRIC)-Int 4.


     As a lessee
     The Group has elected not to include initial direct costs in the measurement of the
     right-of-use asset for operating leases in existence at the date of initial application of HKFRS
     16, being 1 January 2019. At this date, the Group has also elected to measure the right-of-use
     assets at an amount equal to the lease liability adjusted for any prepaid or accrued lease
     payments that existed at the date of transition. The discounting effects of refundable rental
     deposits paid included in “Prepayments, deposits and other receivables” at transition were
     considered not material and not adjusted to the cost of corresponding right-of-use assets. The
     Group has already recognised the prepaid lease payments for leasehold land where the
     Group is a lessee. The application of HKFRS 16 does not have impact on these assets except
     for the whole balance is now presented as “Prepaid lease payments” under non-current assets.


     Instead of performing an impairment review on the right-of-use assets at the date of initial
     application, the Group has relied on its historic assessment as to whether leases were onerous
     immediately before the date of initial application of HKFRS 16.


     On transition, for leases previously accounted for as operating leases with a remaining lease
     term of less than 12 months, the Group has applied the optional exemptions to not recognise
     right-of-use assets but to account for the lease expense on a straight-line basis over the
     remaining lease term.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       85      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HKFRSs (Continued)
     New and amendments to HKFRSs that are effective for the current year (Continued)
     HKFRS 16 “Leases” (Continued)
     As a lessee (Continued)
     On transition to HKFRS 16, the weighted average incremental borrowing rate applied to lease
     liabilities recognised under HKFRS 16 was 2.43%.


     The following is a reconciliation of total operating lease commitments as at 31 December 2018
     to the lease liabilities recognised as at 1 January 2019:


                                                                                            HK$’000


     Total operating lease commitments disclosed as at 31 December 2018                       68,702
     Recognition exemptions:
       – Leases with remaining lease term of less than 12 months                                  (79)


     Operating leases liabilities before discounting                                          68,623
     Discounting using incremental borrowing rate as at 1 January 2019                         (2,537)


     Total lease liabilities recognised under HKFRS 16 as at 1 January 2019                   66,086


     Classified as:
       Current lease liabilities                                                              22,402
       Non-current lease liabilities                                                          43,684


                                                                                              66,086


     As a lessor
     Upon initial application of HKFRS 16, the Group is not required to make any adjustment on
     transition for leases in which the Group is a lessor but account for these leases in accordance
     with HKFRS 16. Comparative information is not restated.


     At transition, the discounting effect of refundable rental deposits received are not adjusted as
     the management considers the impact is not material.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       86      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HKFRSs (Continued)
     New and amendments to HKFRSs that are effective for the current year (Continued)
     HKFRS 16 “Leases” (Continued)
     Total impact arising from transition to HKFRS 16
     The following table summarises the impact of transition to HKFRS 16 on the Group’s
     consolidated statement of financial position as at 1 January 2019:


                                                                                    HK$’000


     Increase in right-of-use assets presented in property, plant and equipment         66,086
     Increase in prepaid lease payments (non-current assets)                              114
     Decrease in prepaid lease payments (current assets)                                 (114)
     Increase in lease liabilities                                                      66,086




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       87      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HKFRSs (Continued)
     New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective
     The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have
     been issued but are not yet effective:


     HKFRS 17                                Insurance Contracts2
     Amendments to HKFRS 3                   Definition of a Business4
     Amendments to HKFRS 9,                  Interest Rate Benchmark Reform1
      HKAS 39 and HKFRS 7
     Amendments to HKFRS 10 and              Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
      HKAS 28                                  its Associate or Joint Venture3
     Amendments to HKAS 1 and                Definition of Material1
      HKAS 8

     1
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020
     2
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021
     3
           Effective date not yet determined
     4
           Effective for business combinations and asset acquisitions for which the acquisition date is on or
           after the beginning of the first annual period beginning on or after 1 January 2020


     The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of the new and amendments to
     HKFRSs will have no material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED         88      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRSs issued
     by the HKICPA. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable
     disclosure requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock
     Exchange (the “Listing Rules”) and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except
     for certain properties and financial instruments that are measured at revalued amounts or
     fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting policies set out
     below.


     Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for
     goods and services.


     Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in
     an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of
     whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In
     estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the
     characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics
     into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for
     measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is
     determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the
     scope of HKFRS 2 “Share-based Payment”, leasing transactions that are within the scope of
     HKFRS 16/HKAS 17, and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not
     fair value, such as net realisable value in HKAS 2 “Inventories” or value in use in HKAS 36
     “Impairment of Assets”.


     A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s
     ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by
     selling it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.


     For financial instruments and properties which are transacted at fair value and a valuation
     technique that unobservable inputs are to be used to measure fair value in subsequent
     periods, the valuation technique is calibrated so that the results of the valuation technique
     equals the transaction price.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        89      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into
     Level 1, 2 or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are
     observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety,
     which are described as follows:


     • Level 1: inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or
                 liabilities that the Group can access at the measurement date;


     • Level 2: inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are
                 observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and


     • Level 3: inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.


     The principal accounting policies are set out below.


     3.1   Basis of consolidation
           The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the
           Company and entities controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is
           achieved when the Company:


           •     has power over the investee;


           •     is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the
                 investee; and


           •     has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.


           The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances
           indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed
           above.


           Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the
           subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically,
           income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are
           included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss from the date the Group gains
           control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        90      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.1   Basis of consolidation (Continued)
           Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the
           owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive
           income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the Company and to the
           non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a
           deficit balance.


           When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to
           bring their accounting policies into line with the Group’s accounting policies.


           All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating
           to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.


           Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s
           equity therein, which represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a
           proportionate share of net assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.


           Changes in the Group’s investments in subsidiaries that do not result in a loss of
           control are accounted for as equity transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the
           amounts of controlling interests within consolidated equity to reflect the change in
           relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain or loss is
           recognised.


           In the Company’s statement of financial position, subsidiaries are carried at cost less
           any impairment loss unless the subsidiary is held for sale or included in a disposal
           group. Cost is adjusted to reflect changes in consideration arising from contingent
           consideration amendments. Cost also includes direct attributable costs of investment.


           The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividends
           received and receivable at the reporting date. All dividends whether received out of
           the investee’s pre or post-acquisition profits are recognised in the Company’s profit or
           loss.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       91      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.2   Business combinations
           Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The
           consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at fair value, which is
           calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred by the
           Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the
           equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree.
           Acquisition-related costs are generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred.


           At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are
           recognised at their fair values, except that:


           •     deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee
                 benefit arrangements are recognised and measured in accordance with HKAS 12
                 “Income Taxes” and HKAS 19 “Employee Benefits”, respectively;


           •     liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of
                 the acquiree or share-based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to
                 replace share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree are measured in
                 accordance with HKFRS 2 at the acquisition date (see the accounting policy
                 below);


           •     assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with
                 HKFRS 5 “Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations” are
                 measured in accordance with that standard; and


           •     lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the
                 remaining lease payments (as defined in HKFRS 16) as if the acquired leases
                 were new leases at the acquisition date, except for leases for which the lease term
                 ends within 12 months of the acquisition date. Right-of-use assets are recognised
                 and measured at the same amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to
                 reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when compared with
                 market terms.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        92      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.2   Business combinations (Continued)
           Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the
           amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the
           acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any) over the net amount
           of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as at acquisition date. If,
           after re-assessment, the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
           assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any
           non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously
           held interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit or
           loss as a bargain purchase gain.


           Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders
           to a proportionate share of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of
           liquidation are initially measured at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share
           of the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets or at fair value. The
           choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis.


           When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes a
           contingent consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its
           acquisition-date fair value and included as part of the consideration transferred in a
           business combination. Changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration that
           qualify as measurement period adjustments are adjusted retrospectively. Measurement
           period adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional information obtained
           during the “measurement period” (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition
           date) about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.


           The subsequent accounting for the contingent consideration that do not qualify as
           measurement period adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration is
           classified. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured at
           subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within
           equity. Contingent consideration that is classified as an asset or a liability is
           remeasured to fair value at subsequent reporting dates, with the corresponding gain or
           loss being recognised in profit or loss.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        93      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.3   Acquisition of a subsidiary not constituting a business
           When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a
           business, the Group identifies and recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired
           and liabilities assumed by allocating the purchase price first to financial assets and
           financial liabilities at the respective fair values, the remaining balance of the purchase
           price is then allocated to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis of their
           relative fair values at the date of purchase. Such a transaction does not give rise to
           goodwill or bargain purchase gain.


     3.4   Goodwill
           Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the
           date of acquisition of the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated
           impairment losses, if any.


           For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s
           cash-generating units (“CGUs”) (or groups of CGUs) that is expected to benefit from
           the synergies of the combination, which represent the lowest level at which the
           goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and not larger than an
           operating segment.


           A cash-generating unit (“CGU”) (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill has been
           allocated is tested for impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication
           that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting
           period, the CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for
           impairment before the end of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount is less
           than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying
           amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the
           carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of CGUs). Any impairment loss for
           goodwill is recognised directly in profit or loss. An impairment loss recognised for
           goodwill is not reversed in subsequent periods.


           On disposal of the relevant CGU or any of the CGU within the group of CGUs, the
           attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount of
           profit or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation within the CGU (or
           CGU within a group of CGUs), the amount of goodwill disposed of is measured on the
           basis of the relative values of the operation (or the CGU) disposed of and the portion of
           the CGU (or the group of CGUs) retained.


           The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate is described
           in note 3.5.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        94      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.5   Investment in an associate
           An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant
           influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of
           the investee but is not control or joint control over those policies.


           The results and assets and liabilities of an associate are incorporated in these
           consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting. The financial
           statements of an associate used for equity accounting purpose are prepared using
           uniform accounting policies as those of the Group for like transactions and events in
           similar circumstances. Under the equity method, an investment in an associate is
           initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost and
           adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other
           comprehensive income of the associate. Changes in net assets of the associate other
           than profit or loss and other comprehensive income are not accounted for unless such
           changes resulted in changes in ownership interest held by the Group. When the
           Group’s share of losses of an associate exceeds the Group’s investment in that associate
           (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net
           investment in the associate), the Group discontinues recognising its share of further
           losses. Additional losses are recognised only to the extent that the Group has incurred
           legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.


           An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date
           on which the investee becomes an associate. On acquisition of the investment in an
           associate, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair
           value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill,
           which is included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the
           Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost
           of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the
           period in which the investment is acquired.


           The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the investment in an
           associate may be impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying
           amount of the investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance
           with HKAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value
           in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment
           loss recognised forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of
           that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with HKAS 36 to the extent that the
           recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        95      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.5   Investment in an associate (Continued)
           When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate, it is accounted
           for as a disposal of the entire interest in the investee with a resulting gain or loss being
           recognised in profit or loss. The difference between the carrying amount of the
           associate and the fair value of any retained interest and any proceeds from disposing
           the relevant interest in the associate is included in the determination of the gain or loss
           on disposal of the associate. In addition, the Group accounts for all amounts previously
           recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that associate on the same
           basis as would be required if that associate had directly disposed of the related assets
           or liabilities. Therefore, if a gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive
           income by that associate would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the
           related assets or liabilities, the Group reclassifies the gain or loss from equity to profit
           or loss (as a reclassification adjustment) upon disposal/partial disposal of the relevant
           associate.


     3.6   Revenue
           The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e.
           when control of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation
           is transferred to the customer.


           A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or
           services) that is distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially
           the same.


           Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to
           the progress towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if
           one of the following criteria is met:


           •     the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the
                 Group’s performance as the Group performs;


           •     the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer
                 controls as the Group performs; or


           •     the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the
                 Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance
                 completed to date.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED         96      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.6   Revenue (Continued)
           Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control
           of the distinct good or service.


           A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or
           services that the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is
           assessed for impairment in accordance with HKFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable
           represents the Group’s unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of
           time is required before payment of that consideration is due.


           A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a
           customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of
           consideration is due) from the customer.


           A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for
           and presented on a net basis.


           For over time revenue recognition, the progress towards complete satisfaction of a
           performance obligation is measured based on output method, which is to recognise
           revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of the goods or services
           transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services
           promised under the contract, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring
           control of goods or services.


           The Group’s accounting policy for rental income is described in note 3.7.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        97      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.7   Leases
           Policy applicable from 1 January 2019
           Definition of a lease and the Group as a lessee
           For any new contracts entered into on or after 1 January 2019, the Group considers
           whether a contract is, or contains a lease. A lease is defined as “a contract, or part of a
           contract, that conveys the right to use an identified asset (the underlying asset) for a
           period of time in exchange for consideration”. To apply this definition, the Group
           assesses whether the contract meets three key evaluations which are whether:


           •     the contract contains an identified asset, which is either explicitly identified in
                 the contract or implicitly specified by being identified at the time the asset is
                 made available to the Group;


           •     the Group has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from
                 use of the identified asset throughout the period of use, considering its rights
                 within the defined scope of the contract; and


           •     the Group has the right to direct the use of the identified asset throughout the
                 period of use. The Group assesses whether it has the right to direct “how and for
                 what purpose” the asset is used throughout the period of use.


           For contracts that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or
           non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each
           lease and non-lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone prices.


           Measurement and recognition of leases as a lessee
           At lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease
           liability on the consolidated statement of financial position. The right-of-use asset is
           measured at cost, which is made up of the initial measurement of the lease liability,
           any initial direct costs incurred by the Group, an estimate of any costs to dismantle and
           remove the underlying asset at the end of the lease, and any lease payments made in
           advance of the lease commencement date (net of any lease incentives received).




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED         98      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.7   Leases (Continued)
           Policy applicable from 1 January 2019 (Continued)
           Definition of a lease and the Group as a lessee (Continued)
           Measurement and recognition of leases as a lessee (Continued)
           Except for those right-of-use assets meeting the definition of investment properties and
           those relating to a class of property, plant and equipment to which revaluation model
           was applied, the Group depreciates the right-of-use assets on a straight-line basis from
           the lease commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the
           right-of-use asset or the end of the lease term unless the Group is reasonably certain to
           obtain ownership at the end of the lease term. The Group also assesses the right-of-use
           asset (except for those meeting the definition of investment properties) for impairment
           when such indicator exists.


           At the commencement date, the Group measures the lease liability at the present value
           of the lease payments unpaid at that date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in
           the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group’s incremental
           borrowing rate.


           Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability are made up of fixed
           payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable,
           variable payments based on an index or rate, and amounts expected to be payable
           under a residual value guarantee. The lease payments also include the exercise price of
           a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payment of
           penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the
           option to terminate.


           Subsequent to initial measurement, the liability will be reduced for lease payments
           made and increased for interest cost on the lease liability. It is remeasured to reflect
           any reassessment or lease modification, or if there are changes in in-substance fixed
           payments.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED         99      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.7   Leases (Continued)
           Policy applicable from 1 January 2019 (Continued)
           Definition of a lease and the Group as a lessee (Continued)
           Measurement and recognition of leases as a lessee (Continued)
           The Group remeasures lease liabilities whenever:


           •     there are changes in lease term or in the assessment of exercise of a purchase
                 option, in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the
                 revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.


           •     the lease payments changes due to changes in market rental rates following a
                 market rent review, in which cases the related lease liability is remeasured by
                 discounting the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate.


           When the lease is remeasured, the corresponding adjustment is reflected in the
           right-of-use asset, or profit and loss if the right-of-use asset is already reduced to zero.


           The Group has elected to account for short-term leases using the practical expedients.
           Instead of recognising a right-of-use asset and lease liability, the payments in relation
           to these leases are recognised as an expense in profit or loss on a straight-line basis
           over the lease term. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 month or less.


           On the consolidated statement of financial position, right-of-use assets that do not meet
           the definition of investment property have been included in “Property, plant and
           equipment”. Right-of-use assets that meet the definition of investment property are
           presented within “Investment properties”. The prepaid lease payments for leasehold
           land are presented as “Prepaid lease payments” under non-current assets.


           The Group as a lessor
           As a lessor, the Group classifies its leases as either operating or finance leases.


           A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and
           rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset, and classified as an operating
           lease if it does not.


           The Group also earns rental income from operating leases of its investment properties.
           Rental income is recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        100      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.7   Leases (Continued)
           Policy applicable from 1 January 2019 (Continued)
           Prepaid lease payments
           “Prepaid lease payments” (which meet the definition of right-of-use assets upon initial
           application of HKFRS 16) represent the upfront payment for long-term land lease in
           which the payment can be reliably measured. It is stated at cost less accumulated
           depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. Depreciation is calculated on a
           straight line basis over the term of the right-of-use except where an alternative basis is
           more representative of the time pattern of benefits to be derived by the Group from use
           of the land.


           Policy applicable before 1 January 2019
           Leases are classified as finance leases whenever the terms of the lease transfer
           substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee. All other leases are
           classified as operating leases.


           The Group as lessee
           Operating lease payment are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the
           lease term.


           The Group as lessor
           Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognised as receivables at the
           amount of the Group’s net investment in the leases. Finance lease income is allocated
           to accounting periods so as to reflect a constant periodic rate of return on the Group’s
           net investment outstanding in respect of the leases.


           Rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line
           basis over the term of the relevant lease.


           Interest and rental income which are derived from the Group’s ordinary course of
           business are presented as revenue.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       101      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.7   Leases (Continued)
           Policy applicable from 1 January 2019 (Continued)
           Leasehold land and building
           When the Group makes payments for a property interest which includes both leasehold
           land and buildings elements, the Group assesses the classification of each element
           separately based on the assessment as to whether substantially all the risks and
           rewards incidental to ownership of each element have been transferred to the Group,
           unless it is clear that both elements are operating leases in which case the entire
           property is accounted as an operating lease. Specifically, the entire consideration
           (including any lump-sum upfront payments) are allocated between the leasehold land
           and the buildings elements in proportion to the relative fair values of the leasehold
           interests in the land element and buildings element at initial recognition.


           To the extent the allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably, interest in
           leasehold land that is accounted for as an operating lease is presented as “Prepaid lease
           payments” in the consolidated statement of financial position and is amortised over the
           lease term on a straight-line basis except for those that are classified and accounted for
           as investment properties under the fair value model. When the payments cannot be
           allocated reliably between the leasehold land and buildings elements, the entire
           property is generally classified as if the leasehold land is under finance lease.


     3.8   Foreign currencies
           In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in
           currencies other than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are
           recognised at the rates of exchanges prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the
           end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are
           retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair
           value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing
           on the date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are
           measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.


           Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the
           retranslation of monetary items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which
           they arise.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      102      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.8   Foreign currencies (Continued)
           For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and
           liabilities of the Group’s operations are translated into the presentation currency of the
           Group (i.e. HK$) using exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period.
           Income and expenses items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period.
           Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and
           accumulated in equity under the heading of exchange translation reserve (attributed to
           non-controlling interests as appropriate).


           On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group’s entire interest
           in a foreign operation, or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that
           includes a foreign operation, or a partial disposal of an interest in a joint arrangement
           or an associate that includes a foreign operation of which the retained interest becomes
           a financial asset), all of the exchange differences accumulated in equity in respect of
           that operation attributable to the owners of the Company are reclassified to profit or
           loss.


           Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an
           acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of that foreign
           operation and translated at the rate of exchange prevailing at the end of each reporting
           period. Exchange differences arising are recognised in other comprehensive income.


     3.9   Borrowing costs
           Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of
           qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to
           get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets until such
           time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.


           Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending
           their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for
           capitalisation.


           All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they
           are incurred.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      103      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.10   Employee benefits
            Retirement benefit costs and termination benefits
            Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans/state-managed retirement
            benefit schemes/the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme are recognised as an expense
            when employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.


            Short-term employee benefits
            Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the
            benefits expected to be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All
            short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense unless another HKFRS
            requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.


            A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries,
            annual leave and sick leave) after deducting any amount already paid.


            Share-based payment arrangements
            Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar
            services are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.


            The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date
            without taking into consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a
            straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity
            instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (share
            options reserve). At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of
            the number of equity instruments expected to vest based on assessment of all relevant
            non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if
            any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised
            estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the share options reserve.


            When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share options
            reserve will be transferred to share premium. When the share options are forfeited after
            the vesting date or are still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously
            recognised in share options reserve will be transferred to retained profits.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       104      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.11   Taxation
            Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.


            The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs
            from profit before income tax as reported in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
            because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items
            that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated
            using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the
            reporting period.


            Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of
            assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax
            bases used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally
            recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally
            recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that
            taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences
            can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the
            temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business
            combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable
            profit nor the accounting profit. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised
            if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.


            Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with
            investments in subsidiaries and an associate, except where the Group is able to control
            the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary
            difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from
            deductible temporary differences associated with such investments are only recognised
            to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against
            which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to
            reverse in the foreseeable future.


            The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting
            period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable
            profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.


            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to
            apply in the period in which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax
            rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the
            reporting period.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       105      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.11   Taxation (Continued)
            The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that
            would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting
            period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.


            For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for investment properties that are
            measured using the fair value model, the carrying amounts of such properties are
            presumed to be recovered entirely through sale, unless the presumption is rebutted.
            The presumption is rebutted when the investment property is depreciable and is held
            within a business model whose objective is to consume substantially all of the
            economic benefits embodied in the investment property over time, rather than through
            sale.


            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to
            set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income
            taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Group intends to settle its current
            tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.


            Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to
            items that are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which
            case, the current and deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income
            or directly in equity respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the
            initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the
            accounting for the business combination.


     3.12   Property, plant and equipment
            Property, plant and equipment (other than cost of right-of-use assets as described in
            note 3.7) including leasehold land and buildings held for use in the production or
            supply of goods or services, or for administrative purposes are stated in the
            consolidated statement of financial position at cost or revalued amount less subsequent
            accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.


            Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of less their residual values over
            their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives,
            residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting
            period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       106      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.12   Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
            Any revaluation increase arising from revaluation of leasehold land and buildings is
            recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in assets revaluation
            reserve, except to the extent that it reverses a revaluation decrease of the same asset
            previously recognise in profit or loss, in which case the increase is credited to profit or
            loss to the extent of the decrease previously charged. A decrease in net carrying
            amount arising on revaluation of property, plant and equipment is recognised in profit
            or loss to the extent that it exceeds the balance, if any, on the revaluation reserve
            relating to a previous revaluation of that asset. On the subsequent sale or retirement of
            a revalued asset, the attributable revaluation surplus is transferred to retained profits.

            An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no
            future economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any
            gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and
            equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying
            amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

     3.13   Investment properties
            Investment properties are properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital
            appreciation. Investment properties include land held for undetermined future use,
            which is regarded as held for capital appreciation purpose.

            Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including any directly attributable
            expenditure. Upon the application of HKFRS 16, cost of investment property held by a
            lessee as a right-of-use asset is set out in note 3.7. Subsequent to initial recognition,
            investment properties are measured at their fair values. All of the Group’s property
            held under leasehold interests (see note 3.7)/operating leases (before the application of
            HKFRS 16) to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation purposes are classified and
            accounted for as investment properties and are measured using the fair value model.
            Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of investment properties are
            included in profit or loss for the period in which they arise.

            An investment property is derecognised upon disposal or when the investment
            property is permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefits are
            expected from its disposals. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the property
            (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying
            amount of the asset) is included in profit or loss in the period in which the property is
            derecognised.

            When the use of a property changes such that it is reclassified as property, plant and
            equipment, its fair value at the date of reclassification becomes its cost for subsequent
            accounting.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      107      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.14   Intangible assets
            Intangible assets acquired in a business combination
            Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from
            goodwill and are initially recognised at their fair values at the acquisition date (which
            is regarded as their cost).


            Intangible asset acquired in a business combination with finite useful life is carried at
            cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses.
            Amortisation for intangible asset with finite useful life is provided on straight-line
            basis over its estimated useful life. Amortisation commences when the intangible asset
            is available for use. The following useful life is applied:


            Trademark                                10 years


            Licenses acquired in a business combination with indefinite useful lives are carried at
            cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.


            The licenses have a legal life of one year but is renewable every one year at minimal
            cost. The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the Group would renew the
            licenses continuously and has the ability to do so. Licenses have been considered to
            have an indefinite life because they are expected to contribute to the net cash flows of
            the Group indefinitely, and are not amortised.


            At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the amortisation method of an
            intangible asset with finite useful life and the useful life of an intangible asset that is
            not being amortised to determine whether events and circumstances continue to
            support an indefinite useful life assessment of that asset.


            An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits
            are expected from use or disposal. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an
            intangible asset, measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the
            carrying amount of the asset, are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is
            derecognised.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       108      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.15   Impairment on tangible and intangible assets other than goodwill
            At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its
            tangible (including property, plant and equipment (including right-of-use assets),
            prepaid lease payments and the Company’s investments in subsidiaries) and
            intangible assets with finite useful lives to determine whether there is any indication
            that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the
            recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent
            of the impairment loss (if any). Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested
            for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an indication that they may be
            impaired.


            The recoverable amount of tangible and intangible assets are estimated individually,
            when it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an asset individually, the
            Group estimates the recoverable amount of the CGU to which the asset belongs. When
            a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be identified, corporate assets are
            also allocated to individual CGUs, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group
            of CGUs for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be identified.


            Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use.
            In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their
            present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of
            the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or CGU) for which the
            estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.


            If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a CGU) is estimated to be less than its
            carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or CGU) is reduced to its
            recoverable amount. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated
            first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other
            assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit. The
            carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs
            of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of
            the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated
            pro rata to the other assets of the unit. An impairment loss is recognised immediately
            in profit or loss.


            Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or
            CGU) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the
            increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been
            determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or CGU) in prior
            years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      109      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.16   Inventories
            Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories
            are determined on a weighted average method. Net realisable value represents the
            estimated selling price for inventories less all estimated costs of completion and costs
            necessary to make the sale.


     3.17   Provisions
            Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or
            constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required
            to settle that obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the
            obligation.

            The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required
            to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account
            the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured
            using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is
            the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is
            material).

     3.18   Financial instruments
            Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a
            party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or
            sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular
            way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of
            assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market
            place.

            Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for
            trade receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in
            accordance with HKFRS 15. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the
            acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial
            assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL) are added to or deducted from the fair value of
            the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.
            Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial
            liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

            The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a
            financial asset or financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest
            expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly
            discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points
            paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction
            costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset
            or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying
            amount on initial recognition.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      110      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.18   Financial instruments (Continued)
            Interest income which are derived from the Group’s ordinary course of business are
            presented as revenue.


            For purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, a credit-adjusted effective
            interest rate is calculated by discounting the estimated future cash flows, including
            expected credit losses (“ECL”), to the amortised cost on initial recognition.


            Financial assets
            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
            Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at
            amortised cost:


            •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold
                  financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows; and


            •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
                  payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.


            Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at
            FVTOCI:


            •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by
                  both collecting contractual cash flows and selling; and


            •     the contractual terms of give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
                  payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.


            All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at the date
            of initial recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present
            subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in other comprehensive
            income if that equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent
            consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which HKFRS 3
            “Business Combinations” applies.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       111      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.18   Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial assets (Continued)
            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)
            A financial asset is held for trading if:


            •       it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or


            •       on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments
                    that the Group manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term
                    profit-taking; or


            •       it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.


            In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to
            be measured at the amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so
            eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.


            (i)     Amortised cost and interest income
                    Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial
                    assets measured subsequently at amortised cost and debt instruments/
                    receivables subsequently measured at FVTOCI. For financial instruments other
                    than purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, interest income is
                    calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of
                    a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become
                    credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have subsequently become
                    credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest
                    rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If
                    the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the
                    financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by
                    applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial
                    asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that
                    the asset is no longer credit-impaired.


                    For purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, the Group
                    recognises interest income by applying the credit-adjusted effective interest rate
                    to the amortised cost of the financial asset from initial recognition. The
                    calculation does not revert to the gross basis even if the credit risk of the
                    financial asset subsequently improves so that the financial asset is no longer
                    credit-impaired.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       112      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.18   Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial assets (Continued)
            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)
            (ii)      Equity instruments designated at FVTOCI
                      Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair
                      value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other
                      comprehensive income and accumulated in reserve; and are not subject to
                      impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to
                      profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to
                      retained profits.


                      Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit
                      or loss when the Group’s right to receive the dividends is established, unless the
                      dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the investment.
                      Dividends are included in the “Other income” line item in profit or loss.


            (iii)     Financial assets at FVTPL
                      Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised
                      cost or FVTOCI or designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.


                      Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
                      period, with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net
                      gain or loss recognised in profit or loss includes any dividend or interest earned
                      on the financial asset and is included in the “Other gains and losses” line item.


            Impairment of financial assets
            The Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on financial assets
            which are subject to impairment under HKFRS 9 (including trade and other
            receivables, receivables arising from securities broking, cash held on behalf of clients
            and bank balances). The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect
            changes in credit risk since initial recognition.


            Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over
            the expected life of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”)
            represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that
            are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessments are done based on
            the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the
            debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions
            at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.




                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       113      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.18   Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial assets (Continued)
            Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
            The Group recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables and receivables arising from
            securities broking. The ECL on these assets are assessed individually for each debtor
            and those balances that are credit-impaired.


            For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL,
            unless when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition,
            the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be
            recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default
            occurring since initial recognition.


            (i)     Significant increase in credit risk
                    In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial
                    recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial
                    instrument at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the
                    financial instrument at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment,
                    the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is
                    reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking
                    information that is available without undue cost or effort.


                    In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing
                    whether credit risk has increased significantly:

                    •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s
                          external (if available) or internal credit rating;


                    •     significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a
                          significant increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for
                          the debtor;


                    •     existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic
                          conditions that are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s
                          ability to meet its debt obligations;


                    •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of
                          the debtor; or


                    •     an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory,
                          economic, or technological environment of the debtor that results in a
                          significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.


                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      114      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.18   Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial assets (Continued)
            Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
            (i)       Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)
                      Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that
                      the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition when
                      contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has
                      reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

                      The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify
                      whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as
                      appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant
                      increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.

            (ii)      Definition of default
                      For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default
                      occurs when information developed internally or obtained from external sources
                      indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in
                      full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).

                      Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a
                      financial asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable
                      and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion
                      is more appropriate.

            (iii)     Credit-impaired financial assets
                      A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a
                      detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have
                      occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable
                      data about the following events:

                      (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

                      (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                      (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating
                            to the borrower’s financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a
                            concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider;

                      (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other
                            financial reorganisation; or

                      (e)   the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of
                            financial difficulties.



                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      115      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.18   Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial assets (Continued)
            Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
            (iv)     Write off policy
                     The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that
                     the counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect
                     of recovery, for example, when the counterparty has been placed under
                     liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings whichever occurs sooner.
                     Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under
                     the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where
                     appropriate. A write off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent
                     recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.


            (v)      Measurement and recognition of ECL
                     The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given
                     default (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at
                     default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is
                     based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information. Estimation of
                     ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined
                     with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.


                     Generally, the ECL is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash
                     flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and all the cash
                     flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate
                     determined at initial recognition.


                     Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial
                     asset unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is
                     calculated based on amortised cost of the financial asset.


                     The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial
                     instruments and the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss
                     allowance account.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      116      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.18   Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial assets (Continued)
            Derecognition of financial assets
            The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash
            flows from the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all
            the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity.


            On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference
            between the asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and
            receivable is recognised in profit or loss.


            On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected
            on initial recognition to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously
            accumulated in reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to retained
            profits.


            Financial liabilities and equity
            Classification as debt or equity
            Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in
            accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a
            financial liability and an equity instrument.


            Equity instruments
            An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of
            an entity after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the
            Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.


            Financial liabilities
            All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective
            interest method or at FVTPL.


            Derecognition of financial liabilities
            The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s
            obligations are discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the
            carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and
            payable is recognised in profit or loss.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED         117      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.18   Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial assets (Continued)
            Offsetting a financial asset and a financial liability
            A financial asset and a financial liability are offset and the net amount presented in the
            consolidated statement of financial position when, and only when, the Group currently
            has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts; and intends either to
            settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.


     3.19   Related parties
            For the purposes of these consolidated financial statements, a party is considered to be
            related to the Group if:


            (a)     the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and if that person:


                    (i)     has control or joint control over of the Group;


                    (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or


                    (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent
                            of the Group.


            (b)     the party is an entity and if any of the following conditions applies:


                    (i)     the entity and the Group are members of the same group.


                    (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate
                            or joint venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a
                            member).


                    (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party.


                    (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an
                            associate of the third entity.


                    (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of
                            either the Group or an entity related to the Group.


                    (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        118      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.19   Related parties (Continued)
            (b)     the party is an entity and if any of the following conditions applies: (Continued)


                    (vii) a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a
                          member of the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of
                          the entity).


                    (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key
                          management personnel services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.


            Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be
            expected to influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.


     3.20   Cash and cash equivalents
            Cash and cash equivalents include cash at bank and in hand, demand deposits with
            banks and short term highly liquid investments with original maturities of three
            months or less that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and which are
            subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. For the purpose of the consolidated
            statement of cash flows presentation, cash and cash equivalents include bank
            overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s
            cash management.


     3.21   Share capital
            Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Share capital is recognised at the amount of
            consideration of shares issued, after deducting any transaction costs associated with
            the issuing of shares (net of any related income tax benefit) to the extent they are
            incremental costs directly attributable to the equity transaction.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        119      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019




4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the
     directors of the Company are required to make judgments, estimates and assumptions about
     the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
     sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and
     other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these
     estimates.


     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to
     accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the
     revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the
     revision affects both current and future periods.


     4.1   Critical judgments in applying accounting policies
           The following are the critical judgments, apart from those involving estimations (see
           below), that the directors of the Company have made in the process of applying the
           Group’s accounting policies and that have the most significant effect on the amounts
           recognised in the consolidated financial statements.


           Deferred taxation on investment properties
           For the purposes of measuring deferred taxes arising from investment properties that
           are using the fair value model, the directors of the Company have reviewed the
           Group’s investment property portfolios and concluded that certain of the Group’s
           investment properties situated in the PRC are held under a business model whose
           objective is to consume substantially all of the economic benefits embodied in the
           investment properties over time rather than through sale whereas those remaining
           properties situated in the PRC and Hong Kong are not held under such a business
           model. Therefore, the presumption that the carrying amounts of investment properties
           are recovered entirely through sale is rebutted for certain properties situated in the
           PRC but is not rebutted for the remaining properties situated in the PRC and Hong
           Kong. As a result, the Group has not recognised any deferred taxes on changes in fair
           value of the investment properties situated in Hong Kong as the Group is not subject to
           any income taxes on disposal of these investment properties. The presumption that the
           carrying amount of the Group’s certain investment properties in the PRC is to recover
           through sale rather than through use has been rebutted and deferred tax on the
           changes in fair value relating to these investment properties in the PRC is recognised
           according to the relevant tax rules.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      120      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019




4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
     4.2   Key sources of estimation uncertainty
           The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation
           uncertainty at the end of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a
           material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next
           financial year, are described below.


           Valuation of investment properties
           The Group’s investment properties are situated in Hong Kong and the PRC. As at 31
           December 2019, the Group’s investment properties amounted to HK$8,863,251,000
           (2018: HK$9,081,879,000) and represented 70% (2018: 80%) of the Group’s total assets.
           As disclosed in note 18, net loss on fair value changes of investment properties of
           HK$202,594,000 (2018: net gain on HK$671,422,000) was recognised in profit or loss. All
           of the Group’s investment properties are stated at fair values based on valuations
           performed by a firm of independent qualified professional valuers. The valuations are
           dependent on certain significant unobservable inputs, including price per square
           meter/bay/square feet, which are determined based on comparable transactions after
           applying adjusting factors to reflect the conditions and locations of the subject
           properties. Details of the valuation methodologies and significant unobservable inputs
           used in the valuations are disclosed in note 18.


           Impairment assessment on trade receivables and receivables arising from securities
           broking
           The Group recognises a credit loss allowance for trade receivables and receivables
           arising from securities broking by adopting the ECL model individually on each debtor
           in the current year. In calculating the credit loss allowance, the loss rates are estimated
           based on comparable probability of default and recovery rate quoted from international
           credit-rating agencies; and exposure of default after consideration of underlying
           collaterals, if any, and adjusted for forward-looking information that is available
           without undue cost or effort. Such calculation of ECL has involved subjective judgment
           and management estimates.


           As at 31 December 2019, net trade receivables and receivables arising from securities
           broking amounted to HK$321,088,000 (2018: HK$455,015,000) and HK$89,481,000 (2018:
           HK$99,832,000), respectively. The information about the ECL and the Group’s trade
           receivables and receivables arising from securities broking are disclosed in notes 24
           and 51b, respectively.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      121      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
     4.2   Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
           Impairment assessment on goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful
           lives in relation to Financial Services Segment and Environmental Protection Segment
           (as defined in note 6)
           Determining whether goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives
           are impaired requires an estimation of the recoverable amounts of the respective CGUs
           to which goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives have been
           allocated, which is the higher of the value in use or fair value less costs of disposal. The
           value in use calculation requires the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected
           to arise from the respective CGUs and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the
           present value of the cash flows of the respective CGUs. Where the actual future cash
           flows are less than expected, or change in facts and circumstances which results in
           downward revision of future cash flows, a material impairment loss would arise.


           Details of impairment assessment of the goodwill and other intangible assets with
           indefinite useful lives are disclosed in notes 19 and 20, respectively.


           Acquisition of assets through acquisition of subsidiary
           深圳市友盛地產有限公司 (Shenzhen Yousheng Real Estate Co., Ltd. or “Shenzhen
           Yousheng”) was an associate of the Group as at 31 December 2018 of which the Group
           held 49% equity interests. On 22 May 2019, the Group acquired addition 2% equity
           interests in Shenzhen Yousheng. As a result, the Group’s interests in Shenzhen
           Yousheng increased from 49% to 51% and Shenzhen Yousheng became a subsidiary of
           the Group (the “Acquisition”). Further details of the Acquisition are disclosed in note
           42b.


           The fair value of the identifiable net assets at the date of acquisition are determined by
           the significant management estimations with reference to the valuation performed by a
           firm of independent qualified professional valuers. Any changes in the estimates made
           and assumptions used in determining the fair value will impact the carrying amount of
           the identifiable net assets.


           A gain on re-measurement of previously held interests in an associate of
           HK$709,402,000 arising from the Acquisition was recognised in profit or loss during
           the current year.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       122      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




5.   REVENUE
     The Group recognises revenue from the following major sources:


     (i)     Revenue from sale of motor vehicle parts is recognised at a point in time when the
             control of goods has been transferred to customers upon delivery;


     (ii)    Revenue from dismantling and trading of scrap materials is recognised at a point in
             time when the control of the specific type of scrap materials, either dismantled or not,
             as requested by the customers, has been transferred to them upon delivery;


     (iii)   Revenue from sale of other goods including hangtags, labels, shirt paper boards and
             plastic bags is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the
             distinct goods;


     (iv)    Revenue from rendering of financial printing, digital printing and other related services
             is recognised over time using the output method because the customer simultaneously
             receives and consumes the benefits as the Group performs;


     (v)     Revenue from commission income from securities broking is recognised at a point in
             time upon execution of orders for purchase or sale of securities on behalf of clients;


     (vi)    Revenue from rendering of corporate finance advisory, asset management and other
             related services is recognised over time using the output method because the customer
             simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits as the Group performs or the
             Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and
             the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date; and


     (vii) Revenue from interest income from margin financing is recognised on a time
             proportion basis using the effective interest method.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      123      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019




5.   REVENUE (Continued)
     (a)   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
                                                              Commercial                 Motor vehicle   Financial              Environmental
           Type of goods and services                            printing    Hangtag             parts    services   Property       protection     Total
                                                                 HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000          HK$’000    HK$’000

           Year ended 31 December 2019

           Sales of goods
             – Motor vehicle parts                                      –           –          107,013          –           –                –    107,013
             – Scrap materials                                          –           –                –          –           –          592,217    592,217
             – Hangtags, labels, shirt paper boards
                  and plastic bags                                      –         349                –          –           –                –       349


                                                                        –         349          107,013          –           –          592,217    699,579

           Rendering of services
             – Printing services                                   77,878           –                –           –          –                –     77,878
             – Financial services                                       –           –                –      33,190          –                –     33,190
             – Commission income from securities broking                –           –                –         549          –                –        549

           Revenue from contracts with customers                   77,878         349          107,013      33,739          –          592,217    811,196
           Revenue from gross rental income                             –           –                –           –     10,569                –     10,569
           Revenue from interest income from
             margin financing                                           –           –                –       7,133          –                –      7,133

           Total                                                   77,878         349          107,013      40,872     10,569          592,217    828,898


           Geographical markets
           The PRC                                                  1,365           –           66,130           –      9,907          494,429    571,831
           Hong Kong                                               76,513         349           40,883      40,872        662           71,687    230,966
           Japan                                                        –           –                –           –          –           25,689     25,689
           Other countries                                              –           –                –           –          –              412        412

           Total                                                   77,878         349          107,013      40,872     10,569          592,217    828,898


           Timing of revenue recognition
           A point in time                                              –         349          107,013       7,682          –          592,217    707,261
           Over time                                               77,878           –                –      33,190          –                –    111,068
           Revenue out of the scope of HKFRS 15
           Rental income                                                –           –                –          –      10,569                –     10,569

           Total                                                   77,878         349          107,013      40,872     10,569          592,217    828,898




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                           124         ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019




5.   REVENUE (Continued)
     (a)   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
                                                              Commercial                 Motor vehicle   Financial              Environmental
           Type of goods and services                            printing    Hangtag             parts    services   Property       protection     Total
                                                                 HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000          HK$’000    HK$’000

           Year ended 31 December 2018

           Sales of goods
             – Motor vehicle parts                                      –           –          127,095          –           –                –    127,095
             – Scrap materials                                          –           –                –          –           –          570,774    570,774
             – Hangtags, labels, shirt paper boards
                 and plastic bags                                       –         996                –          –           –                –       996


                                                                        –         996          127,095          –           –          570,774    698,865


           Rendering of services
             – Printing services                                   82,370           –                –           –          –                –     82,370
             – Commission income from securities broking                –           –                –       1,387          –                –      1,387


           Revenue from contracts with customers                   82,370         996          127,095       1,387          –          570,774    782,622
           Revenue from gross rental income                             –           –                –           –     19,532                –     19,532
           Revenue from interest income from margin
             financing                                                  –           –                –       8,885          –                –      8,885


           Total                                                   82,370         996          127,095      10,272     19,532          570,774    811,039


           Geographical markets
           The PRC                                                      –           –           85,176           –     18,857          569,050    673,083
           Hong Kong                                               82,370         996           41,919      10,272        675                –    136,232
           Other countries                                              –           –                –           –          –            1,724      1,724


           Total                                                   82,370         996          127,095      10,272     19,532          570,774    811,039


           Timing of revenue recognition
           A point in time                                              –         996          127,095      10,272          –          570,774    709,137
           Over time                                               82,370           –                –           –          –                –     82,370
           Revenue out of the scope of HKFRS 15
           Rental income                                                –           –                –          –      19,532                –     19,532


           Total                                                   82,370         996          127,095      10,272     19,532          570,774    811,039




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                           125         ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




5.   REVENUE (Continued)
     (b)   Performance obligations for contracts with customers
           (i)     Sales of goods
                   The Group sells motor vehicle parts directly to customers. Revenue from sale of
                   motor vehicle parts is recognised at a point in time when the control of goods has
                   been transferred to customers upon the goods have been delivered to the location
                   designated by the customers (delivery) as agreed in the sales contracts. Following
                   delivery, the customer has full discretion over the manner of distribution and
                   price to sell the goods, has the primary responsibility when on selling the goods
                   and bears the risks of obsolescence and loss in relation to the goods. The normal
                   credit term is 90 days upon delivery.


                   The Group sells scrap materials directly to customers. Revenue from dismantling
                   and trading of scrap materials is recognised at a point in time when the control
                   of the specific type of scrap materials, either dismantled or not, as requested by
                   the customers, has been transferred to them upon the goods have been delivered
                   to the specific location (delivery) as agreed in the sales contracts. Following
                   delivery, the customer has full discretion over the manner of distribution and
                   price to sell the goods, has the primary responsibility when on selling the goods
                   and bears the risks of obsolescence and loss in relation to the goods. The normal
                   credit term is 45 to 90 days upon delivery. A contract liability is recognised for
                   advance from customers in which the revenue has yet been recognised.


                   The Group sells other goods including hangtags, labels, shirt paper boards and
                   plastic bags directly to customers and those revenues are recognised at a point in
                   time when the customer obtains control of the distinct goods upon the goods
                   have been delivered to the specific location (delivery) as agreed in the sales
                   contracts. Following delivery, the customer has full discretion over the manner of
                   distribution and price to sell the goods, has the primary responsibility when on
                   selling the goods and bears the risks of obsolescence and loss in relation to the
                   goods. The normal credit term is 45 to 90 days upon delivery.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      126      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019




5.   REVENUE (Continued)
     (b)   Performance obligations for contracts with customers (Continued)
           (ii)      Rendering of brokerage transaction services
                     The Group’s commission income from securities broking is recognised at a point
                     in time upon execution of orders for purchase or sale of securities on behalf of
                     clients. Such commission income is calculated as a percentage of the transacted
                     amount of securities purchased or sold. The commission income would be paid
                     out of the cash held on behalf of clients upon purchase of securities or deducted
                     from the proceeds received on behalf of clients upon disposal of securities.


                     The Group applies the practical expedient of expensing all incremental costs to
                     obtain a contract if these costs would otherwise have been fully amortised to
                     profit or loss within one year.


           (iii)     Rendering of financial printing, digital printing, corporate finance advisory, asset
                     management and other related services
                     Revenue from rendering of printing services is recognised over time on the
                     progress of work that the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the
                     benefits performed by the Group.


                     Revenue from rendering of financial services is recognised over time on the
                     progress of work that the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the
                     benefits performed by the Group or the Group’s performance does not create an
                     asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has a right to payment
                     at an amount that reasonably compensates it for its performance completed to
                     date at all times throughout the contract.


                     The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is
                     measured based on output method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of
                     direct measurements of the value of the services rendered to date. When the
                     Group receives a deposit before the services rendered, this will give rise to
                     contract liabilities until the revenue is recognised. The payment term is generally
                     one month.


     (c)   Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contracts
           with customers
           All printing services, brokerage services, financial services and sales of goods are for
           periods of one year or less. As permitted under HKFRS 15, the transaction price
           allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      127      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION
     Information reported to the executive directors of the Company, being the chief operating
     decision maker (“CODM”), for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of
     segment performance focuses on types of goods or services delivered or provided.


     The Group is organised into business units based on their products and services and has six
     operating segments as follows:


     (i)     provision of financial printing, digital printing and other related services (“Commercial
             Printing Segment”);


     (ii)    sales of hangtags, labels, shirt paper boards and plastic bags principally to
             manufacturers of consumer products (“Hangtag Segment”);


     (iii)   distribution and sale of motor vehicle parts (“Motor Vehicle Parts Segment”);


     (iv)    provision of corporate finance advisory, asset management, securities brokerage
             services and margin financing (“Financial Services Segment”);


     (v)     property investment and development (“Property Segment”); and


     (vi)    dismantling and trading of scrap materials (“Environmental Protection Segment”).


     Hangtag Segment does not meet any quantitative thresholds for reportable segment but this
     segment is separately disclosed as the CODM considers that the information about the
     segment would be useful to users of the consolidated financial statements.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       128      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     (a)   Segment revenues and results
           The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by operating and
           reportable segments:




                                          Commercial                  Motor vehicle     Financial              Environmental
                                             printing     Hangtag             parts      services   Property       protection     Total
                                             HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000


           Year ended
            31 December 2019

           Segment revenue
           Sales to external customers         77,878         349           107,013        40,872     10,569          592,217    828,898
           Inter-segment sales                   607             –                –           13        630                –       1,250


                                               78,485         349           107,013        40,885     11,199          592,217    830,148
           Elimination of
            inter-segment sales                                                                                                   (1,250)


           Revenue                                                                                                               828,898


           Segment results                       678           (76)          10,052        12,622     73,305           44,735    141,316
           Bank interest income                                                                                                   13,481
           Other income                                                                                                            4,953
           Net foreign exchange gain                                                                                             104,609
           Unrealised fair value gain
            on financial assets at
            FVTPL                                                                                                                  3,737
           Revaluation deficit on
            property, plant and
            equipment                                                                                                                (31)
           Realised loss on disposal of
            financial assets at FVTPL                                                                                            (79,986)
           Loss on early redemption of
            promissory notes                                                                                                    (439,781)
           Corporate expenses                                                                                                    (69,529)
           Finance costs                                                                                                        (109,514)


           Loss before income tax                                                                                               (430,745)




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                  129         ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     (a)   Segment revenues and results (Continued)


                                          Commercial                  Motor vehicle     Financial               Environmental
                                             printing     Hangtag             parts      services    Property       protection     Total
                                             HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000


           Year ended
            31 December 2018


           Segment revenue
           Sales to external customers         82,370         996           127,095        10,272      19,532          570,774    811,039
           Inter-segment sales                   755             –                –           15         290                –       1,060


                                               83,125         996           127,095        10,287      19,822          570,774    812,099
           Elimination of
            inter-segment sales                                                                                                    (1,060)


           Revenue                                                                                                                811,039


           Segment results                      2,328          (74)               7       (20,346)    316,199           67,340    365,454
           Bank interest income                                                                                                      842
           Other income                                                                                                             1,513
           Net foreign exchange gain                                                                                              267,662
           Unrealised fair value gain
            on financial assets at
            FVTPL                                                                                                                  35,063
           Revaluation deficit on
            property, plant and
            equipment                                                                                                                (361)
           Realised gain on disposal of
            financial assets at FVTPL                                                                                              10,751
           Corporate expenses                                                                                                     (49,707)
           Finance costs                                                                                                          (75,268)


           Profit before income tax                                                                                               555,949




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                  130         ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                For the year ended 31 December 2019




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     (a)   Segment revenues and results (Continued)
           The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s
           accounting policies described in note 3. Segment profit/loss represents the profit
           earned by/loss from each segment without allocation of bank interest income, certain
           other income, net foreign exchange gain, unrealised fair value gain on financial assets
           at FVTPL, revaluation deficit on property, plant and equipment, realised gain/loss on
           disposal of financial assets at FVTPL, loss on early redemption of promissory notes,
           corporate expenses and certain finance costs. This is the measurements reported to the
           CODM for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment.


     (b)   Segment assets and liabilities


                                       Commercial                 Motor vehicle       Financial                Environmental
                                          printing      Hangtag           parts        services    Property        protection      Total
                                          HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000           HK$’000     HK$’000

           As at 31 December 2019

           Segment assets                   39,061          266         110,481         229,309   10,982,609          439,056   11,800,782
           Corporate and unallocated
             assets                                                                                                               782,165

           Total assets                                                                                                         12,582,947


           Segment liabilities              41,946           42           9,430          32,221    4,876,898          107,287    5,067,824
           Corporate and unallocated
             liabilities                                                                                                         4,295,833

           Total liabilities                                                                                                     9,363,657


           As at 31 December 2018

           Segment assets                   15,044          692         170,866         134,080    9,241,176          596,151   10,158,009
           Corporate and unallocated
             assets                                                                                                              1,263,660


           Total assets                                                                                                         11,421,669


           Segment liabilities              18,543          358           7,260          20,204    4,667,956          313,938    5,028,259
           Corporate and unallocated
             liabilities                                                                                                         3,460,984


           Total liabilities                                                                                                     8,489,243




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED               131       ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2019




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     (b)   Segment assets and liabilities (Continued)
           Segment assets exclude equity instrument at FVTOCI, tax recoverable, bank balances
           and cash, financial assets at FVTPL and other unallocated head office and corporate
           assets as these assets are managed on a group basis.


           Segment liabilities exclude certain bank borrowings and overdrafts, tax payable,
           deferred tax liabilities, loans from ultimate holding company and other unallocated
           head office and corporate liabilities as these liabilities are managed on a group basis.


           Inter-segment sales are charged at prevailing market rates.


     (c)   Other segment information


                                              Commercial                      Motor vehicle        Financial                Environmental
                                                 printing          Hangtag            parts         services    Property        protection   Unallocated      Total
                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000        HK$’000           HK$’000     HK$’000           HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000

           Year ended 31 December 2019

           Amounts included in the measure
             of segment profit or loss or
             segment assets:
           Depreciation
             – Owned assets                         1,060              182              615              469        122              1,684         8,537      12,669
             – Right-of-use assets                 10,816                –            2,466            3,935          –                987         9,987      28,191
           Loss on fair value changes of
             investment properties, net                 –                –                –                –     202,594                 –             –     202,594
           (Reversal of impairment losses)/
             Impairment losses, net                  (673)              (1)          (7,040)          (2,851)          –             1,974             –      (8,591)
           Loss on early redemption of
             promissory notes                           –                –                –                –           –                 –       439,781     439,781
           Gain on re-measurement of
             previously held interests in
             an associate                               –                –                –                –    (709,402)                –             –    (709,402)
           Capital expenditure (note)                  78                –              705               68         576             5,814         3,057      10,298
           Interest expense                           659                –            1,332            1,728     187,254             3,374       339,757     534,104
           Interest income                              –                –                –           (5,981)          –                 –       (13,481)    (19,462)
           Income tax expense                         400                –            1,781            5,702          31             9,624             –      17,538
           Income tax credit                            –                –              (20)            (345)    (43,221)                –            (8)    (43,594)




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                             132              ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2019




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     (c)   Other segment information (Continued)


                                                 Commercial                     Motor vehicle        Financial                Environmental
                                                    printing          Hangtag           parts         services    Property        protection    Unallocated          Total
                                                    HK$’000           HK$’000       HK$’000           HK$’000     HK$’000           HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000

           Year ended 31 December 2018

           Amounts included in the measure
             of segment profit or loss or
             segment assets:
           Depreciation                                1,204              163            728              143           45             1,772          7,903          11,958
           Gain on fair value changes of
             investment properties, net                    –                –               –                –    (671,422)                –              –        (671,422)
           Loss on disposal of property, plant
             and equipment                                 –                –              61                –           –                 –              –              61
           Impairment losses, net                      2,052                1           2,474           21,816         179               646              –          27,168
           Capital expenditure (note)                  2,278              310             970               14         105               340          6,002          10,019
           Interest expense                                –                –               –                –     348,704                 –         75,268         423,972
           Interest income                                 –                –               –           (1,293)          –                 –           (842)         (2,135)
           Income tax expense                              4                –             127               71     166,769            10,983              –         177,954
           Income tax credit                          (1,210)               –            (315)          (3,434)       (280)             (386)           (91)         (5,716)


           Note: Capital expenditure consists of additions to property, plant and equipment and
                 investment properties.


     (d)   Geographical information
           (i)          Revenue from external customers


                                                                                                                                   2019                           2018
                                                                                                                                HK$’000                        HK$’000

                        The PRC                                                                                                    571,831                      673,083
                        Hong Kong                                                                                                  230,966                      136,232
                        Japan                                                                                                        25,689                           –
                        Other countries                                                                                                 412                       1,724


                                                                                                                                   828,898                      811,039


                        The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                               133              ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     (d)   Geographical information (Continued)
           (ii)     Non-current assets


                                                                                       2019        2018
                                                                                    HK$’000     HK$’000

                    The PRC                                                         8,341,685   8,802,328
                    Hong Kong                                                       1,146,185     564,559
                    Japan                                                               2,459           –


                                                                                    9,490,329   9,366,887


                    The non-current assets information above is based on the locations of the assets
                    and excludes non-current portion of financial instruments and certain deposits.


     (e)   Information about major customers
           Revenue from customers of the corresponding years contributing over 10% of the
           Group's total revenue are as follows:


                                                                                       2019        2018
                                                                                    HK$’000     HK$’000

           Customer A1                                                               152,386     123,084
           Customer B1                                                               129,908       N/A*
           Customer C1                                                                  N/A*     124,326

           1
                    Revenue from Environmental Protection Segment
           *        Less than 10% of the Group’s total revenue




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      134      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




7A. OTHER INCOME
                                                                                     2019        2018
                                                                                  HK$’000     HK$’000


      Bank interest income                                                          13,481        842
      Finance lease interest income                                                      –        330
      Interest income on credit-impaired loan receivables                            5,981        963
      Government grant                                                                103         839
      Rebate from bank borrowing                                                     2,400          –
      Others                                                                         5,402        827


                                                                                    27,367       3,801


7B.   OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES
                                                                                     2019        2018
                                                                                  HK$’000     HK$’000


      Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                  –         (61)
      Unrealised fair value gain on financial assets at FVTPL                        3,737      35,063
      Realised (loss)/gain on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                (79,986)     10,751
      Net foreign exchange gain                                                     91,582     264,927
      Revaluation deficit on property, plant and equipment                             (31)       (361)


                                                                                    15,302     310,319




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      135      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




8.    REVERSAL OF IMPAIRMENT LOSSES/(IMPAIRMENT LOSSES), NET
                                                                                     2019        2018
                                                                                  HK$’000     HK$’000


      Reversal of impairment losses/(Impairment losses), net,
        recognised on:
        – trade receivables                                                          4,760      (5,352)
        – receivables arising from securities broking                                2,640     (20,816)
        – purchased or originated credit-impaired loan receivables                    (578)     (1,000)
      Recovery of amounts written off in prior years:
        – trade receivables                                                            739           –
        – receivables arising from securities broking                                1,030           –


                                                                                     8,591     (27,168)


      Details of impairment assessment for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018 are set out
      in note 51b.


9.    FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                     2019        2018
                                                                                  HK$’000     HK$’000


      Interest on bank borrowings and overdrafts                                   434,514     229,827
      Interest on loans from ultimate holding company                               55,958      65,231
      Interest on promissory notes (note 38)                                        40,375     128,914
      Finance charges on lease liabilities                                           1,753           –
      Imputed interest on deferred consideration                                     1,504           –


                                                                                   534,104     423,972


10.   INCOME TAX (CREDIT)/EXPENSE
      Hong Kong
      Hong Kong Profits Tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% on the estimated assessable
      profits arising in Hong Kong during the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018.


      The PRC
      Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation
      Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% for both years.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      136      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019




10.   INCOME TAX (CREDIT)/EXPENSE (Continued)
                                                                                    2019        2018
                                                                                 HK$’000     HK$’000

      Current tax
      Hong Kong
       – Charge for the year                                                        6,654      13,030
       – (Over)/Under provision in prior years                                       (345)        919

      The PRC
        – Charge for the year                                                          38       1,829
        – Under/(Over) provision in prior years                                     2,173      (1,694)

      Japan
        – Charge for the year                                                          39           –


                                                                                    8,559      14,084
      Deferred tax
       – (Credit)/Charge for the year (note 36)                                   (34,615)    158,154


      Income tax (credit)/expense                                                 (26,056)    172,238


      A reconciliation of the tax (credit)/expense applicable to (loss)/profit before income tax at
      applicable tax rates:

                                                                                    2019        2018
                                                                                 HK$’000     HK$’000

      (Loss)/Profit before income tax                                            (430,745)    555,949


      Income tax calculated at the rates applicable in the tax
        jurisdictions concerned                                                   (59,735)    130,859
      – Tax effect of non-taxable income                                         (198,356)    (26,143)
      – Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                     213,262       4,214
      – Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                    14,287      68,515
      – Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised                        (1,453)     (6,305)
      – Tax arising from fair value changes of investment properties               (1,173)      1,991
      – Under/(Over) provision in prior years                                       1,828        (775)
      – Tax effect of share of result of an associate                                 306         359
      – Others                                                                      4,978        (477)


      Income tax (credit)/expense                                                 (26,056)    172,238




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      137      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




11.   (LOSS)/PROFIT FOR THE YEAR
      The Group’s (loss)/profit for the year is arrived at after charging:

                                                                                     2019       2018
                                                                                  HK$’000    HK$’000

      Depreciation
       – Owned assets                                                               12,669     11,958
        – Right-of-use assets                                                       28,191         –
      Depreciation/Amortisation of prepaid lease payments                             122        118
      Direct operating expenses (including repair and maintenance):
        – Arising from rental-earning investment properties                          1,720      5,015
        – Arising from vacant investment properties                                    994      1,182
      Minimum lease payments under operating leases                                      –     23,138
      Short-term leases and leases with lease term shorter
        than 12 months as at initial application of HKFRS 16                         2,558          –
      Auditor’s remuneration                                                         4,419      2,771
      Employee benefits expense (including directors’ emoluments)
        – Wages and salaries                                                        84,669     57,458
        – Discretionary bonuses                                                     10,037     11,420
        – Pension scheme contributions                                               3,417      2,711
      Cost of inventories recognised as expenses                                   622,341    608,868




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      138      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019




12A. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS
   Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Listing
   Rules and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance are as follows:

                                                                                              2019              2018
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000

   Fees                                                                                          426              408


   Other emoluments:
     – Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                               10,230           9,890
     – Discretionary bonuses                                                                       36              36
     – Pension scheme contributions                                                                54              54


                                                                                               10,320           9,980


                                                                                               10,746         10,388


   (a)    Executive directors
                                                                      Salaries,
                                                                   allowances                     Pension
                                                                  and benefits Discretionary       scheme
                                                          Fees         in kind      bonuses contributions        Total
                                                      HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000


          Year ended 31 December 2019


          Executive directors:
          Dr. Lin                                            –           4,230             –            18       4,248
          Madam Su                                           –           2,400             –            18       2,418
          Mr. Lin Xiaodong                                   –           3,600             –            18       3,618


                                                             –          10,230             –            54      10,284


          Year ended 31 December 2018


          Executive directors:
          Dr. Lin                                            –           3,890             –            18       3,908
          Madam Su                                           –           2,400             –            18       2,418
          Mr. Lin Xiaodong                                   –           3,600             –            18       3,618


                                                             –           9,890             –            54       9,944



               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED          139       ANNUAL REPORT 2019
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019




12A. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
    (b)   Independent non-executive directors
                                                                         Salaries,
                                                                      allowances                     Pension
                                                                     and benefits Discretionary      scheme
                                                            Fees          in kind      bonuses contributions     Total
                                                         HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000

          Year ended 31 December 2019

          Independent non-executive directors:
          Mr. Yu Leung Fai                                    142                –          12             –       154
          Mr. Fang Jixin                                      142                –          12             –       154
          Dr. Li Jue                                          142                –          12             –       154

                                                              426                –          36             –       462

          Year ended 31 December 2018

          Independent non-executive directors:
          Mr. Yu Leung Fai                                    136                –          12             –       148
          Mr. Fang Jixin                                      136                –          12             –       148
          Dr. Li Jue                                          136                –          12             –       148

                                                              408                –          36             –       444




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED             140       ANNUAL REPORT 2019
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




12A. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
    Included in the financial assets at FVTPL is a school debenture amounted to HK$6,000,000
    (2018: HK$2,500,000) for the use by Dr. Lin’s dependant.


    The executive directors’ emoluments shown above for both years were for their services in
    connection with the management of the affairs of the Company and the Group.


    The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above for both years were for
    their services as directors of the Company.


    There was no arrangement under which a director waived or agreed to waive any emolument
    during both years.


    There was no emolument paid by the Group to any of the directors as an inducement to join
    or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office for both years.


    Madam Su is also the chief executive of the Company and her emoluments disclosed above
    included those services rendered by her as the chief executive during both years.


    Discretionary bonuses were determined with reference to the Group’s operating results and
    individual performance.


12B. TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS IN WHICH DIRECTORS
     OF THE COMPANY HAVE MATERIAL INTERESTS
    Details of the connected transactions and material related party transactions are set out in the
    “Report of the Directors” and note 48 to the consolidated financial statements.


    Save for the above, no other transaction, arrangement or contract that is significant in relation
    to the Group’s business to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in
    which a person who at any time in 2019 was a director of the Company or his or her
    connected entity had, directly or indirectly, a material interest subsisted at any time during
    the year or at the end of 2019.




              REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED         141      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




13.   FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
      The five highest paid employees during the year included two (2018: three) directors, details
      of whose emoluments are set out in note 12A above.


      Details of the emoluments for the current year of the remaining three (2018: two) highest
      paid employees who are not directors of the Company are as follows:


                                                                                      2019         2018
                                                                                   HK$’000      HK$’000


      Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                       7,380       3,810
      Discretionary bonuses                                                           6,000       6,000
      Pension scheme contributions                                                      245         228


                                                                                     13,625      10,038


      The number of the highest paid employees who are not the directors of the Company whose
      emolument fell within the following bands is as follows:


                                                                                  Number of employees
                                                                                      2019         2018


      HK$3,000,001 to HK$3,500,000                                                       1              –
      HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                       1              –
      HK$4,500,001 to HK$5,000,000                                                       –              1
      HK$5,000,001 to HK$5,500,000                                                       –              1
      HK$6,000,001 to HK$6,500,000                                                       1              –


                                                                                         3              2


14.   DIVIDEND
      No dividend was paid or proposed for ordinary shareholders of the Company during the
      years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018, nor has any dividend been proposed since the end
      of the reporting period.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      142      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




15.   (LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE
      The calculations of the basic and diluted (loss)/earnings per share are based on:


                                                                                       2019            2018
                                                                                   HK$’000         HK$’000


      (Loss)/Earnings
      (Loss)/Earnings for the purposes of basic and diluted
        (loss)/earnings per share calculation
        ((loss)/profit attributable to owners of the Company)                      (415,529)        363,282


                                                                                   Number of shares
                                                                                       2019            2018


      Number of shares
      Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue for
        the purpose of basic (loss)/earnings per share calculation             1,438,209,880   1,350,887,946
      Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
        – Share options                                                                   –       1,259,625
        – Contingently issuable shares in relation to
            acquisition of Environmental Protection Segment                               –       2,500,000


      Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue for
        the purpose of diluted (loss)/earnings per share calculation           1,438,209,880   1,354,647,571


      Diluted loss per share for the year ended 31 December 2019 is same as basic loss per share,
      the calculation does not assume the exercise of share options granted under the Company’s
      share option scheme as it would have an anti-dilutive effect.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       143      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019




16.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                        Right-of-use Leasehold land    Plant and       Furniture        Office     Leasehold     Motor
                                             assets and buildings      machinery     and fixtures    equipment improvements     vehicles      Yacht       Total
                                           HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000


      As at 1 January 2018
      Cost                                        –               –        6,353            3,212        4,633         7,113      10,753     21,680       53,744
      Valuation                                   –          72,187             –               –             –            –           –           –      72,187
      Accumulated depreciation
        and impairment                            –               –        (6,051)         (2,221)       (2,730)      (5,204)     (3,946)     (3,252)    (23,404)


      Net carrying amount                         –          72,187          302             991         1,903         1,909       6,807     18,428      102,527



      Year ended 31 December 2018
      Opening net carrying amount                 –          72,187          302             991         1,903         1,909       6,807     18,428      102,527
      Additions                                   –               –          188             930         1,605           562       6,659           –       9,944
      Acquisitions of subsidiaries
        (note 41b and 42c)                        –           2,068             5               –          699             –         29            –       2,801
      Disposals/Written off                       –               –             –             (14)          (47)           –           –           –         (61)
      Depreciation for the year                   –          (3,437)        (137)           (814)         (896)       (1,305)     (3,201)     (2,168)    (11,958)
      Gain on revaluation                         –           1,046             –               –             –            –           –           –       1,046
      Exchange realignment                        –          (3,622)          (21)             (1)          (94)           –         (40)          –      (3,778)


      Closing net carrying amount                 –          68,242          337            1,092        3,170         1,166      10,254     16,260      100,521



      As at 31 December 2018 and
        1 January 2019
      Cost                                        –               –        6,607            3,960        6,211         7,675      17,213     21,680       63,346
      Valuation                                   –          68,242             –               –             –            –           –           –      68,242
      Accumulated depreciation
        and impairment                            –               –        (6,270)         (2,868)       (3,041)      (6,509)     (6,959)     (5,420)    (31,067)


      Net carrying amount
        as at 31 December 2018                    –          68,242          337            1,092        3,170         1,166      10,254     16,260      100,521
      Adjustment from the application
        of HKFRS 16 (note 2)                 66,086               –             –               –             –            –           –           –      66,086


      Net carrying amount as at
        1 January 2019, restated             66,086          68,242          337            1,092        3,170         1,166      10,254     16,260      166,607




                             REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                    144          ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2019




16.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
                                          Right-of-use Leasehold land    Plant and       Furniture        Office     Leasehold     Motor
                                                assets and buildings     machinery     and fixtures    equipment improvements     vehicles      Yacht       Total
                                             HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000


      Year ended 31 December 2019
      Opening net carrying amount
        as at 1 January 2019, restated         66,086          68,242          337            1,092         3,170        1,166      10,254     16,260      166,607
      Additions                                  4,233              –             –            687           676         1,085       3,578           –      10,259
      Acquisitions of subsidiaries
        (note 41a and 42b)                     16,915               –             –            137           236           380        699            –      18,367
      Depreciation for the year                (28,191)        (3,423)        (113)           (652)        (1,152)        (967)     (4,194)     (2,168)    (40,860)
      Transfer from investment property
        (note 18)                                    –        335,000             –               –             –            –           –           –     335,000
      Gain on revaluation                            –           694              –               –             –            –           –           –        694
      Exchange realignment                         (28)        (1,568)           (4)            (10)            6           (8)        (22)          –      (1,634)


      Closing net carrying amount              59,015         398,945          220            1,254         2,936        1,656      10,315     14,092      488,433



      As at 31 December 2019
      Cost                                     87,234               –        5,961            4,226       13,436        12,213      30,464     21,680      175,214
      Valuation                                      –        398,945             –               –             –            –           –           –     398,945
      Accumulated depreciation and
        impairment                             (28,219)             –        (5,741)         (2,972)      (10,500)     (10,557)    (20,149)     (7,588)    (85,726)


      Closing net carrying amount              59,015         398,945          220            1,254         2,936        1,656      10,315     14,092      488,433




                             REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                      145          ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




16.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
      The above items of property, plant and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis at
      the following rates per annum:


      Right-of-use assets                    Over the lease terms
      Leasehold land and buildings           3.3% or over the lease terms, whichever is shorter
      Plant and machinery                    10%
      Furniture and fixtures                 20%
      Office equipment                       20%
      Leasehold improvements                 20% or over the lease terms, whichever is shorter
      Motor vehicles                         25%
      Yacht                                  10%

      Upon the application of HKFRS 16, accounting policy for depreciation of right-of-use assets
      is set out in note 3.7.


      The Group’s leasehold land and buildings were revalued individually at the end of the
      reporting period by Roma Appraisals Limited, a firm of independent qualified professional
      valuers, at an aggregate market value of HK$397,173,000 (2018: HK$66,385,000) based on
      their highest values less costs of disposal. A revaluation deficit of HK$31,000 (2018:
      HK$361,000) resulting from the above valuations has been recognised in profit or loss.


      Fair value measurement
      The fair value measurements of the leasehold land and buildings are categorised in level 3.


      The fair values of the commercial and residential properties were determined using the direct
      comparison approach by making reference to comparable transactions as available in the
      relevant market after applying adjusting factors to reflect the conditions and locations of the
      subject properties.


      The fair value of the industrial property was determined using the depreciation replacement
      cost approach, which considers the cost to reproduce or replace in new condition the
      property appraised in accordance with current construction costs for similar properties in the
      locality, with allowance for accrued depreciation as evidenced by observed condition or
      obsolescence percent, whether arising from physical, functional or economic causes.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      146      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




16.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
      Fair value measurement (Continued)
      Below is a summary of the key inputs used to the valuations of leasehold land and buildings:

      Leasehold land and
      building held by the Group      Significant unobservable input                     Range
                                                                                       2019           2018

      Commercial property             Adopted price per square                    44,800 to      50,000 to
       (2019: HK$42,793,000            meter determined based on                     50,100         52,000
       (2018: HK$45,720,000))          comparable transactions
                                       (Renminbi (“RMB”))                         adjusting      adjusting
                                                                              factors range       factor of
                                      Adjusting factors for variable              from 98%           100%
                                       conditions and locations                     to 100%

      Industrial property             Estimated construction cost                     2,200          2,200
        (2019: HK$19,380,000            for replacement (per square
        (2018: HK$20,665,000))          meter) (RMB)                              adjusting      adjusting
                                                                                   factor of      factor of
                                                                                        84%            84%

      Residential property            Adopted price per square feet               69,100 to          N/A
        (2019: HK$335,000,000          determined based on                         101,800
        (2018: N/A))                   comparable transactions (HK$)
                                                                                  adjusting
                                      Adjusting factors for variable          factors range
                                       conditions and locations                   from 99%
                                                                                    to 101%


      The fair values of the leasehold land and buildings were based on the highest and best use of
      leasehold land and buildings in the PRC and Hong Kong, which did not differ from their
      actual use.

      An increase/(decrease) in the adopted price per square meter/square feet would result in the
      same level of increase/(decrease) in the fair values of the commercial and residential
      properties. An increase/(decrease) in the estimated construction cost for replacement per
      square meter would result in the same level of increase/(decrease) in the fair value of the
      industrial property.

      As at 31 December 2019, certain leasehold land and buildings of the Group were pledged to
      secure general banking facilities granted to the Group, details of which are set out in note 33.

      There were no transfers amongst different levels of fair value measurements during both
      years.


                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      147      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




16.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
      Fair value measurement (Continued)
      Had the leasehold land and buildings been carried at historical cost less accumulated
      depreciation and impairment losses, their carrying amount would have been approximately
      HK$408,713,000 (2018: HK$78,716,000).

      As at 31 December 2019, included in the net carrying amount of property, plant and
      equipment are right-of-use assets as follows:


                                                                                           Depreciation
                                                                                            for the year
                                                                 Net carrying amount as at        ended
                                                                31 December      1 January 31 December
                                                                        2019          2019          2019
                                                                      HK$’000        HK$’000    HK$’000


      Land and buildings carried at cost                                    58,601     66,086     28,122
      Office equipment                                                        414          –         69


      Total                                                                 59,015     66,086     28,191


      The details in relation to these leases are set out in note 35.


17.   PREPAID LEASE PAYMENTS
      The carrying amount of prepaid lease payments represents the land use rights situated in the
      PRC and is analysed as follows:


                                                                                        2019       2018
                                                                                     HK$’000    HK$’000


      Non-current assets                                                                4,842      4,968
      Current assets                                                                        –        114


                                                                                        4,842      5,082


      Upon the application of HKFRS 16, the prepaid lease payments fall into the scope of HKFRS
      16 as it meets the definition of right-of-use assets.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       148      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




18.   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                     2019        2018
                                                                                  HK$’000     HK$’000


      As at 1 January                                                             9,081,879   1,344,575
      Additions                                                                         39            75
      Acquisition of assets through acquisition of
       subsidiaries (note 42)                                                      513,000    7,779,709
      Transfer to property, plant and equipment (note 16)                         (335,000)            –
      (Loss)/Gain on fair value changes recognised in profit or loss,
        net                                                                       (202,594)       671,422
      Exchange realignment                                                        (194,073)   (713,902)


      As at 31 December                                                           8,863,251   9,081,879


      The Group’s investment properties consist of six (2018: six) residential apartments and two
      (2018: two) car parking spaces in Hong Kong, and three (2018: three) commercial buildings,
      two (2018: two) industrial properties, 1,327 (2018: 1,327) car parking spaces and one (2018:
      one) shopping arcade in the PRC. The directors of the Company have determined that the
      investment properties consist of four classes of asset, i.e., commercial buildings, car parking
      spaces, industrial properties and residential apartments, based on the nature, characteristics
      and risks of each property.


      The Group’s investment properties were revalued on 31 December 2019 and 2018 based on
      valuations performed by Roma Appraisals Limited, a firm of independent qualified
      professional valuers, at HK$8,863,251,000 (2018: HK$9,081,879,000).


      As at 31 December 2019, certain investment properties of the Group were pledged to secure
      general banking facilities granted to the Group, details of which are set out in note 33.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      149      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019




18.   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
      Fair value measurement
      The fair value measurements of the investment properties are categorised in level 3. During
      both years, there were no transfers amongst different levels of fair value measurements.


      The fair values of the investment properties were determined using the direct comparison
      approach by making reference to comparable transactions as available in the relevant market
      after applying adjusting factors to reflect the conditions and locations of the subject
      properties. The approach rests on the wide acceptance of the market transactions as the best
      indicator.


      Below is a summary of the valuation techniques and key inputs used to the valuations of
      investment properties:

      Investment property           Valuation            Significant
      held by the Group             technique            unobservable input                       Range
                                                                                                2019        2018

      A residential apartment in    Direct comparison Adopted price per square feet         17,600 to   14,500 to
        Festival City, Shatin,        approach         determined based on                     17,700      18,000
        Hong Kong                                      comparable transactions
        (2019: HK$13,100,000                           (HK$)                                adjusting adjusting
        (2018: HK$11,700,000))                                                                factors    factors
                                                         Adjusting factors for variable   range from range from
                                                          conditions and locations             95% to    87% to
                                                                                                118%       112%

      A residential apartment in    Direct comparison Adopted price per square feet         16,700 to   11,900 to
        Festival City, Shatin,        approach         determined based on                     17,900      18,300
        Hong Kong                                      comparable transactions
        (2019: HK$13,600,000                           (HK$)                                adjusting adjusting
        (2018: HK$12,500,000))                                                                factors    factors
                                                         Adjusting factors for variable   range from range from
                                                          conditions and locations             95% to    88% to
                                                                                                114%       108%

      A residential apartment in    Direct comparison Adopted price per square feet         20,400 to   18,900 to
        Parc Oasis, Kowloon,          approach         determined based on                     22,600      27,800
        Hong Kong                                      comparable transactions
        (2019: HK$14,500,000                           (HK$)                                adjusting adjusting
        (2018: HK$14,500,000))                                                                factors    factors
                                                         Adjusting factors for variable   range from range from
                                                          conditions and locations             96% to    96% to
                                                                                                101%       109%




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      150      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




18.   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
      Fair value measurement (Continued)

      Investment property          Valuation           Significant
      held by the Group            technique           unobservable input                       Range
                                                                                              2019          2018

      A residential apartment in   Direct comparison Adopted price per square feet        17,200 to     16,200 to
        The Riverpark, Shatin,       approach         determined based on                    17,700        19,200
        Hong Kong                                     comparable transactions
        (2019: HK$16,200,000                          (HK$)                               adjusting adjusting
        (2018: HK$17,000,000))                                                              factors    factors
                                                       Adjusting factors for variable   range from range from
                                                        conditions and locations             95% to    86% to
                                                                                              101%       110%

      A residential apartment in   Direct comparison Adopted price per square feet            N/A       80,500 to
        Bel-Air, Island South,       approach         determined based on                                  88,000
        Hong Kong                                     comparable transactions
        (2018: HK$353,000,000)                        (HK$)                                             adjusting
        (note a)                                                                                          factors
                                                       Adjusting factors for variable                 range from
                                                        conditions and locations                          91% to
                                                                                                             95%

      A residential apartment in   Direct comparison Adopted price per square feet        24,000 to     22,400 to
        Bel-Air, Island South,       approach         determined based on                    32,200        29,500
        Hong Kong                                     comparable transactions
        (2019: HK$36,000,000                          (HK$)                               adjusting adjusting
        (2018: HK$38,000,000))                                                              factors    factors
                                                       Adjusting factors for variable   range from range from
                                                        conditions and locations             93% to    82% to
                                                                                              103%        92%

      A residential apartment in   Direct comparison Adopted price per square feet        71,300 to         N/A
        Bel-Air, Island South,       approach         determined based on                  105,100
        Hong Kong                                     comparable transactions
        (2019: HK$497,000,000)                        (HK$)                               adjusting
        (note b)                                                                            factors
                                                       Adjusting factors for variable   range from
                                                        conditions and locations             97% to
                                                                                              105%




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      151      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019




18.   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
      Fair value measurement (Continued)

      Investment property           Valuation           Significant
      held by the Group             technique           unobservable input                       Range
                                                                                               2019         2018

      A car parking space in        Direct comparison Adopted price per bay                 2,100 to     2,100 to
        Festival City, Shatin,        approach         determined based on                     2,600        2,800
        Hong Kong                                      comparable transactions
        (2019: HK$2,400,000                            (HK$ thousand)                     adjusting    adjusting
        (2018: HK$2,700,000))                                                              factor of    factor of
                                                        Adjusting factors for variable        100%         100%
                                                         conditions and locations

      A car parking space in Parc   Direct comparison Adopted price per bay                 1,700 to     1,000 to
        Oasis, Kowloon,               approach         determined based on                     2,200        2,000
        Hong Kong                                      comparable transactions
        (2019: HK$2,000,000                            (HK$ thousand)                     adjusting    adjusting
        (2018: HK$1,800,000))                                                              factor of    factor of
                                                        Adjusting factors for variable        100%         100%
                                                         conditions and locations

      Commercial building in        Direct comparison Adopted price per square meter       72,000 to   79,900 to
       Shenzhen, Guangdong            approach         determined based on                    76,400      80,000
       Province, the PRC                               comparable transactions
       (2019: HK$84,244,000                            (RMB)                               adjusting adjusting
       (2018: HK$92,469,000))                                                                factors    factors
                                                        Adjusting factors for variable   range from range from
                                                         conditions and locations             97% to   100% to
                                                                                               102%       107%

      Industrial property in        Direct comparison Adopted price per square meter        7,700 to     6,700 to
        Shenzhen, Guangdong           approach         determined based on                    10,500       10,400
        Province, the PRC                              comparable transactions
        (2019: HK$183,237,000                          (RMB)                              adjusting    adjusting
        (2018: HK$192,024,000))                                                            factor of    factor of
                                                        Adjusting factors for variable          95%          95%
                                                         conditions and locations




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       152      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019




18.   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
      Fair value measurement (Continued)

      Investment property           Valuation           Significant
      held by the Group             technique           unobservable input                       Range
                                                                                               2019         2018

      Industrial property in        Direct comparison Adopted price per square meter       10,800 to   11,200 to
        Shenzhen, Guangdong           approach         determined based on                    13,700      12,800
        Province, the PRC                              comparable transactions
        (2019: HK$570,939,000                          (RMB)                               adjusting   adjusting
        (2018: HK$585,216,000))                                                              factors    factor of
                                                        Adjusting factors for variable   range from          95%
                                                         conditions and locations             95% to
                                                                                               110%

      Commercial building in        Direct comparison Adopted price per square meter       51,500 to   54,000 to
       Shenzhen, Guangdong            approach         determined based on                    61,600      58,000
       Province, the PRC                               comparable transactions
       (2019: HK$2,592,131,000                         (RMB)                               adjusting adjusting
       (2018: HK$2,731,770,000))                                                             factors    factors
       (note c)                                         Adjusting factors for variable   range from range from
                                                         conditions and locations             95% to    97% to
                                                                                                97%       103%

      A shopping arcade in          Direct comparison Adopted price per square meter       77,300 to   79,100 to
        Shenzhen, Guangdong           approach         determined based on                  152,000     148,500
        Province, the PRC                              comparable transactions
        (2019: HK$1,273,720,000                        (RMB)                               adjusting adjusting
        (2018: HK$1,280,160,000))                                                            factors    factors
        (note c)                                        Adjusting factors for variable   range from range from
                                                         conditions and locations             90% to    65% to
                                                                                               100%        95%

      1,012 car parking spaces in   Direct comparison Adopted price per bay                 400,000      400,000
        Shenzhen, Guangdong           approach         determined based on
        Province, the PRC                              comparable transactions             adjusting
        (2019: HK$446,919,000                          (RMB)                                 factors   adjusting
        (2018: HK$457,200,000))                                                          range from     factor of
        (note c)                                        Adjusting factors for variable        90% to         71%
                                                         conditions and locations               95%




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       153      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019




18.   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
      Fair value measurement (Continued)

      Investment property             Valuation            Significant
      held by the Group               technique            unobservable input                       Range
                                                                                                  2019         2018

      Commercial building in          Direct comparison Adopted price per square meter        41,800 to   42,600 to
       Shenzhen, Guangdong              approach         determined based on                     58,600      66,200
       Province, the PRC                                 comparable transactions
       (2019: HK$2,983,186,000                           (RMB)                                adjusting adjusting
       (2018: HK$3,143,250,000))                                                                factors    factors
       (note c)                                            Adjusting factors for variable   range from range from
                                                            conditions and locations             97% to    85% to
                                                                                                  100%       105%

      315 car parking spaces in       Direct comparison Adopted price per bay                  380,000      400,000
        Shenzhen, Guangdong             approach         determined based on
        Province, the PRC                                comparable transactions              adjusting   adjusting
        (2019: HK$134,075,000                            (RMB)                                  factors    factor of
        (2018: HK$148,590,000))                                                             range from          71%
        (note c)                                           Adjusting factors for variable        90% to
                                                            conditions and locations               95%

      Notes:

      (a)      The investment property was transferred to property, plant and equipment during the year
               ended 31 December 2019.

      (b)      The investment property is acquired through acquisition of a subsidiary during the year ended
               31 December 2019. Details of which are set out in note 42a.

      (c)      The investment properties are acquired through acquisition of subsidiaries during the year ended
               31 December 2018. Details of which are set out in note 42c.


      An increase/(decrease) in the adopted price per square meter/bay/square feet would result
      in the same level of increase/(decrease) in the fair values of the investment properties. The
      higher the adjusting factor, the higher the fair values of the investment properties.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        154      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019




19.   GOODWILL
                                                                                                        HK$’000

      Carrying amount
      As at 1 January 2018, 31 December 2018 and 1 January 2019                                          28,497
      Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 41a)                                                             58,893


      As at 31 December 2019                                                                             87,390


      The carrying amounts of goodwill and other intangible assets allocated to the CGUs as at 31
      December 2019 and 2018 are as follows:

                                                      2019                                     2018
                                                      Other                                    Other
                                                  intangible                               intangible
                                         Goodwill     assets            Total     Goodwill     assets     Total
                                          HK$’000 HK$’000             HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000

      Financial Services Segment
        – Type 1 license business            2,100          4,400         6,500       2,100     4,400     6,500
        – Type 4 and Type 9 licenses
          business                                –         8,969         8,969          –      8,969     8,969
        – Type 1, Type 4 and Type 6
          licenses business (note 41a)      58,893        32,815         91,708          –          –         –
      Environmental Protection
        Segment                             26,397              –        26,397     26,397          –    26,397


                                            87,390        46,184        133,574     28,497     13,369    41,866


      Impairment testing of goodwill and other intangible assets
      Goodwill and other intangible assets acquired through business combination is allocated to
      the Financial Services Segment CGUs (i.e. (i) Type 1 license business, (ii) Type 4 and Type 9
      licenses business, and (iii) Type 1, Type 4 and Type 6 licenses business) and Environmental
      Protection Segment CGU for impairment testing. The directors of the Company consider that
      the assets (including goodwill and other intangible assets allocated) of respective CGUs of
      Financial Services Segment for Type 1 license business and Type 4 and Type 9 licenses
      business are insignificant to the Group. Accordingly, the details of the impairment test are
      not presented below.


      The basis of the recoverable amount of the relevant CGUs and major underlying assumptions
      are summarised below:




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED         155      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019




19.   GOODWILL (Continued)
      Financial Services Segment (Type 1, Type 4 and Type 6 licenses business)
      The recoverable amount of this CGU has been determined based on a value in use calculation
      using cash flow projections based on financial budgets covering a five-year period approved
      by senior management. The pre-tax discount rate applied to the cash flow projections was
      14.7%, and the cash flows beyond the five-year period were extrapolated using a growth rate
      of 3.0%. Other key assumptions for the value in use calculation relate to the estimation of
      cash inflows/outflows which include budgeted revenue and gross margin, such estimation is
      based on the CGU’s past performance and management’s expectations for the market
      development.


      Based on the result of the above impairment testing, the estimated recoverable amount
      exceeded the carrying amount of the CGU by approximately 45.2% as at 31 December 2019.
      Management believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these assumptions would
      not cause the carrying amount to exceed the recoverable amount of this CGU.


      Environmental Protection Segment
      The recoverable amount of this CGU has been determined based on a value in use calculation
      using cash flow projections based on financial budgets covering a five-year period approved
      by senior management. The pre-tax discount rate applied to the cash flow projections was
      17.6% (2018: 15.9%), and the cash flows beyond the five-year period were extrapolated using
      a growth rate of 3.0% (2018: 3.0%). Other key assumptions for the value in use calculation
      relate to the estimation of cash inflows/outflows which include budgeted revenue and gross
      margin, such estimation is based on the CGU’s past performance and management’s
      expectations for the market development.


      Based on the result of the above impairment testing, the estimated recoverable amount
      exceeded the carrying amount of the CGU by approximately 3.6% (2018: 54.3%) as at 31
      December 2019.


      Management is not currently aware of any other possible changes that would necessitate
      changes in its key estimates. However, the estimate of recoverable amount of this CGU is
      particularly sensitive to the discount rate applied. If the discount rate increased by 1%, a
      impairment loss of HK$2,525,000 would be recognised.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      156      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




20.   OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                  Trademark          Licenses     Total
                                                                      HK$’000        HK$’000    HK$’000


      Carrying amount
      As at 1 January 2018                                                      –       4,400     4,400
      Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 41b)                                    –       8,969     8,969


      As at 31 December 2018 and 1 January 2019                                 –      13,369    13,369
      Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 41a)                                25,089      7,726    32,815


      As at 31 December 2019                                                25,089     21,095    46,184


      The other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment at least
      annually or when there is impairment indicator. Details of impairment testing are set out in
      note 19.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      157      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




21.   INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE
                                                                                      2019        2018
                                                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000

      Cost of unlisted investment in an associate                                         –     67,615
      Share of post-acquisition loss and other comprehensive expense                      –     (1,493)


                                                                                          –     66,122


      The movements in the Group’s investment in an associate during the year are analysed as
      follows:

                                                                                      2019        2018
                                                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000

      As at 1 January                                                                66,122          –
      Addition                                                                            –     67,615
      Share of result                                                                (1,087)    (1,493)
      Deemed disposal of an associate and become a subsidiary
        (note 42b)                                                                  (65,035)         –


      As at 31 December                                                                   –     66,122




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      158      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019




21.   INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE (Continued)
      Details of the Group’s associate at the end of the reporting period are as follow:


                          Country of              Proportion of                    Proportion of
                          establishment/        ownership interest                  voting right
      Name of associate   operation             held by the Group                held by the Group      Principal activity
                                                   2019         2018                2019         2018

      Shenzhen Yousheng The PRC                      N/A           49%              N/A          49%    Property
       (note 42b)                                                                                         development

      Summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s associate is set out below. The
      summarised financial information below represents amounts shown in the associate’s
      financial statements prepared in accordance with HKFRSs.


      The associate is accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial
      statements.

                                                                                                  2019               2018
                                                                                               HK$’000            HK$’000


      Current assets                                                                                    –           34,937
      Non-current assets                                                                                –          138,115
      Current liabilities                                                                               –           38,109


      Net assets                                                                                        –          134,943




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED            159     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




21.   INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE (Continued)
                                                                                       From
                                                                                  1 January
                                                                                     2019 to
                                                                                     22 May
                                                                                        2019
                                                                                    (date of
                                                                                    deemed
                                                                                   disposal)      2018
                                                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000

      Revenue                                                                             –           –
      Loss for the period/year                                                       (2,493)     (2,930)
      Total comprehensive expense for the period/year                                (2,218)     (3,047)


      Reconciliation to the carrying amount of investment in the associate:

                                                                                      2019        2018
                                                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000

      Net assets of the associate                                                         –     134,943
      Proportion of the Group’s ownership interests                                       –        49%


      Carrying amount of the Group’s investment in the associate                          –      66,122




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      160      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019




22.   EQUITY INSTRUMENT AT FVTOCI
                                                                                       2019       2018
                                                                                    HK$’000    HK$’000
      Equity investment:
        – Unlisted security in the PRC                                                    –      31,048


      On 16 July 2018, the Group together with an independent third party (“Party A”),
      incorporated a company (“Investee”) in the PRC which targets to be engaged in property
      redevelopment with paid-up share capital of RMB150,000,000, of which 70% of the equity
      investment in the Investee, being RMB105,000,000 (equivalent to approximately
      HK$120,741,000) was subscribed by the Group. On 27 December 2018, the Group entered into
      a sale and purchase agreement with Party A, who is also the 30% equity interests holder of
      the Investee, to dispose 52% equity interests of the Investee at a cash consideration of
      RMB78,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$89,154,000), which was fully settled on 28
      December 2018. Subsequent to the disposal, the Group holds 18% equity interests in the
      Investee.


      The Group does not have any board seats during the period from 16 July 2018 to the end of
      the reporting period and does not exercise any control over the Investee as at 31 December
      2018. The directors of the Company consider that the Group does not have control and
      significant influence over the Investee. The directors of the Company have elected to
      designate this investment in equity instrument at FVTOCI as it is not held for trading. The
      directors of the Company consider that the cost of the equity instrument at FVTOCI is an
      appropriate estimate of fair value since there were no material changes in the financial
      position of the Investee during the period form 16 July 2018 to 31 December 2018.


      On 27 June 2019, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement with an independent
      third party (“Party B”) to dispose the remaining 18% equity interests of the Investee at a cash
      consideration of RMB27,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$30,681,000). Subsequent to
      the disposal, the Group does not have any equity interest in the Investee.


23.   INVENTORIES


                                                                                       2019       2018
                                                                                    HK$’000    HK$’000


      Raw materials                                                                   21,736     97,312
      Finished goods                                                                  45,326     48,858


                                                                                      67,062    146,170




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      161      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019




24.   TRADE RECEIVABLES/RECEIVABLES ARISING FROM SECURITIES BROKING
                                                                                       2019        2018
                                                                                    HK$’000     HK$’000


      Trade receivables, goods and services                                          327,425     465,402
      Less: allowance for credit losses                                               (6,337)    (10,387)


                                                                                     321,088     455,015


      Receivables arising from securities broking conducted in the
        ordinary course of business:
        – Cash clients accounts receivable                                            10,287      10,774
        – Loans to margin clients                                                     79,203      91,707
      Less: allowance for credit losses                                                   (9)     (2,649)


                                                                                      89,481      99,832


      Total trade receivables and receivables arising
        from securities broking                                                      410,569     554,847


      Trade receivables excluding those from securities broking
      The credit periods are generally one to three months. Each customer has a maximum credit
      limit. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables to minimise
      credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior management.


      At the end of the reporting period, 26% (2018: 18%) and 55% (2018: 45%) of the Group’s trade
      receivables were due from the Group’s largest customer and the five largest customers
      respectively. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its
      trade receivables.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        162      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




24.   TRADE RECEIVABLES/RECEIVABLES ARISING FROM SECURITIES BROKING
      (Continued)
      Receivables arising from securities broking
      With regard to receivables arising from securities broking, the Group seeks to maintain tight
      control over its outstanding accounts receivable and has procedures and policies to assess its
      clients’ credit quality and define credit limits for each client. All client acceptances and credit
      limits are approved by designated approvers according to the clients’ credit quality.


      The normal settlement term of cash clients accounts receivable arising from the ordinary
      course of business of securities broking is two trading days after the trade date.


      Loans to margin clients are secured by the underlying pledged securities, repayable on
      demand or agreed dates of repayment and bear interest at commercial rates. As at 31
      December 2019, the total market value of securities pledged as collateral in respect of the
      loans to margin clients was HK$244,113,000 (2018: HK$332,316,000). Securities are assigned
      with specific margin ratios for calculating their margin values. Additional funds or collaterals
      are required if the amount of accounts receivable outstanding exceeds the eligible margin
      value of securities deposited. As at 31 December 2019, 99% (2018: 99%) of the balance were
      secured by sufficient collaterals on an individual basis. Management has assessed the market
      value of the pledged securities of each individual customer that has margin shortfall as at the
      year end. The collaterals held cannot be repledged by the Group. The corresponding
      collaterals held can be sold at the Group’s discretion to settle any outstanding amounts owed
      by the margin clients in the event of default.


      The following is an ageing analysis of trade receivables, net of allowance for credit losses
      presented based on the invoice dates/date of rendering of services:


                                                                                      2019          2018
                                                                                   HK$’000      HK$’000


      Current to 30 days                                                            116,691      261,782
      31 to 60 days                                                                  80,947       82,485
      61 to 90 days                                                                   7,264       44,651
      Over 90 days                                                                  116,186       66,097


                                                                                    321,088      455,015


      Cash clients accounts receivable                                               10,287       10,774
      Loans to margin clients                                                        79,194       89,058


                                                                                    410,569      554,847



                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       163      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




24.   TRADE RECEIVABLES/RECEIVABLES ARISING FROM SECURITIES BROKING
      (Continued)
      Receivables arising from securities broking (Continued)
      No ageing analysis of cash clients accounts receivable and loans to margin clients is disclosed
      as in the opinion of the directors of the Company, the ageing analysis is not meaningful in
      view of the nature of the cash clients accounts receivable arising from securities broking and
      the revolving margin loans.


      Details of impairment assessment of trade receivables and receivables arising from securities
      broking for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018 are set out in note 51b.


25.   PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                     2019       2018
                                                                                  HK$’000    HK$’000


      Prepayments for purchase of inventories                                      117,217    119,405
      Deposit paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                  4,483      4,483
      Deposit paid for acquisition of a 60% equity investment                           –      20,000
      Deposit paid for acquisition of an investment property                            –      51,300
      Refundable rental deposits                                                    11,924      6,981
      Other deposits and prepayments                                                19,537     10,763
      Other receivables from a local government authority (note a)                 144,021    147,334
      Purchased or originated credit-impaired
        loan receivables (note b)                                                   86,161     28,776


                                                                                   383,343    389,042


      Classified as:
        Current assets                                                             368,781    306,112
        Non-current assets                                                          14,562     82,930


                                                                                   383,343    389,042




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      164      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019




25.   PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      Notes:

      (a)      The amounts represent receivables due from a local government authority in the PRC in respect
               of sales of properties before the acquisition of subsidiaries as stated in note 42c. Management
               believes that no impairment loss is necessary in respect of this balance as the amount is still
               considered to be fully recoverable taken into account of the repayment history and current
               creditworthiness of the debtor. Management considers the amount to be recovered within 12
               months from the end of the reporting period, therefore classified as current assets.

      (b)      The amounts represent three (2018 : one) credit-impaired loan receivables purchased from a bank
               in the PRC at cash consideration of RMB72,827,000 (2018: RMB25,208,000). Legal proceeding had
               been entered into between the bank and the original debtors regarding the recoverability of the
               credit-impaired loan receivables and it was judged that the pledged properties could be used for
               auctions to repay the outstanding loans and interests. The loan receivables are carried at
               contractual interest rate from 8.5% to 9.3% (2018: 9.7%) per annum and the Group has applied
               the credit-adjusted effective interest rate from 8.5% to 9.3% (2018: 12.6%) to the amortised cost of
               the financial assets from initial recognition. It only recognises the cumulative changes in lifetime
               ECL since initial recognition as a loss allowance. During the year ended 31 December 2019, an
               impairment loss of HK$578,000 (2018: HK$1,000,000) is recognised in profit or loss at initial
               recognition date for the lifetime ECL. Management considers the amounts to be recoverd within
               12 months from the end of the reporting period, therefore classified as current assets.


26.   PROPOSED DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS
      The Group has entered into a number of contractual arrangements relating to redevelopment
      of certain areas and other development projects with independent third parties. These
      amounts would be converted into properties under development upon the completion of the
      contracts. Further details of the major proposed development project are disclosed in note
      42b.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED         165      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019




27.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL
                                                                                       2019       2018
                                                                                    HK$’000    HK$’000


      Club and school debentures                                                      10,720     7,139
      Equity investments, listed in Hong Kong                                          3,410    89,492


                                                                                      14,130    96,631


      The fair values of the Group’s financial assets at FVTPL have been measured as described in
      note 51b.


28.   CASH HELD ON BEHALF OF CLIENTS
      The Group maintains segregated trust accounts with licensed banks to hold securities clients’
      monies arising from its securities brokerage business. The Group has classified the clients’
      monies as “Cash held on behalf of clients” under the current assets and recognised the
      corresponding liabilities to respective clients on grounds that the Group is liable for any loss
      or misappropriation of clients’ monies. The Group is not allowed to use the clients’ monies to
      settle its own obligations.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      166      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




29.   BANK BALANCES AND CASH
      Bank balances carry interest at prevailing market rates which range from 0.01% to 1.4% (2018:
      0.01% to 2.2%) per annum. Short-term time deposits are made for few days period to meet
      the immediate cash requirements of the Group, and earn interest at the respective short-term
      time deposit rates of 1.4% (2018: 2.2%) per annum. The bank balances and deposits are
      deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.


30.   TRADE PAYABLES/PAYABLES ARISING FROM SECURITIES BROKING
                                                                                     2019       2018
                                                                                  HK$’000    HK$’000


      Trade payables                                                                55,360    223,016
      Payables arising from securities broking conducted
        in the ordinary course of business:
        – Cash clients accounts payable                                             16,853     19,645


      Total trade payables and payables arising from
        securities broking                                                          72,213    242,661


      The following is an ageing analysis of trade payables based on invoice dates:


                                                                                     2019       2018
                                                                                  HK$’000    HK$’000


      Current to 30 days                                                            34,465    190,522
      31 to 60 days                                                                  6,301     20,851
      61 to 90 days                                                                   945       5,645
      Over 90 days                                                                  13,649      5,998


                                                                                    55,360    223,016




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       167      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019




30.   TRADE PAYABLES/PAYABLES ARISING FROM SECURITIES BROKING
      (Continued)
      The credit period of trade payables excluding those from securities broking ranges from 60 to
      90 days (2018: 30 to 90 days). The normal settlement terms of payables arising from securities
      broking are two trading days after the trade date.


      Included in cash clients accounts payable arising from dealing in securities conducted in the
      ordinary course of business is cash held on behalf of clients amounted to HK$6,292,000 (2018:
      HK$8,454,000) representing those clients’ undrawn monies/excess deposits placed with the
      Group. As at 31 December 2019, the cash clients accounts payable included an amount of
      HK$116,000 (2018: HK$121,000) in respect of certain directors’ undrawn monies/excess
      deposits placed with the Group. The cash clients accounts payable are repayable on demand
      and non interest-bearing. No ageing analysis is disclosed as, in the opinion of the directors of
      the Company, an ageing analysis is not meaningful in view of the nature of the business of
      dealing in securities.


31.   CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                          2019             2018
                                                                                       HK$’000        HK$’000


      Current
      Printing services contract (note a)                                                2,400            3,773
      Receipts in advance from customers (note b)                                        2,741            1,059


                                                                                         5,141            4,832


      Notes:

      (a)      When the Group receives a deposit before the printing activity commences, this will give rise to
               contract liabilities at the inception of a contract, until the revenue recognised on the relevant
               contract exceeds the amount of the deposit. The Group typically receives a 20% deposit on
               acceptance of provision for certain printing services. At contract inception, performance
               obligation is expected to be satisfied within one year.

      (b)      The amount represents receipts in advance from customers of Environmental Protection Segment
               for unsatisfied performance obligations and are recognised as revenue when the Group performs
               its obligations under the contracts. At contract inception, performance obligation is expected to
               be satisfied within one year.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        168      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




32.   OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                     2019       2018
                                                                                  HK$’000    HK$’000


      Deferred consideration for acquisition of subsidiaries                        42,353         –
      Accrued expenses                                                              15,347     12,503
      Accrued staff costs                                                           14,133      4,471
      Other payables                                                                 8,931     11,112
      Deposits received                                                              3,391      5,858
      Other tax payables                                                            58,799     66,338


                                                                                   142,954    100,282


      Classified as:
        Current liabilities                                                        100,601    100,282
        Non-current liabilities                                                     42,353         –


                                                                                   142,954    100,282




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      169      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




33.   BANK BORROWINGS AND OVERDRAFTS
                                                                                       2019        2018
                                                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000


      Bank borrowings
        – Secured                                                                  4,630,617   4,655,199
        – Unsecured                                                                3,318,375    685,800
      Secured bank overdrafts                                                        20,000      20,000


                                                                                   7,968,992   5,360,999


      The contractual maturity dates of the bank borrowings and overdrafts are as follows:


                                                                                       2019        2018
                                                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000


      Carrying amount of bank borrowings are repayable (note d):
        – Within one year                                                           235,204     208,526
        – More than one year but not more than two years                            242,679     185,399
        – More than two years but not more than five years                         6,990,435   4,678,647
        – Over five years                                                           210,955            -


                                                                                   7,679,273   5,072,572


      Carrying amount of bank borrowings and overdrafts that
        contain a repayment on demand clause:
        – Within one year                                                           289,719     288,427


                                                                                   7,968,992   5,360,999
      Less: amounts due within one year shown under current
        liabilities                                                                (524,923)   (496,953)


      Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                                  7,444,069   4,864,046




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      170      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019




33.   BANK BORROWINGS AND OVERDRAFTS (Continued)
      Notes:

      (a)      As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s bank borrowings and overdrafts of HK$289,719,000 (2018:
               HK$288,427,000) bear interest rates from 1.25% to 1.75% (2018: 1.25% to 1.5%) over Hong Kong
               Interbank Offered Rate per annum.

      (b)      As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s bank borrowing of HK$240,000,000 (2018: Nil) bears interest
               rate of 2.85% (2018: Nil) below Prime Rate per annum.

      (c)      As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s bank borrowings of HK$7,439,273,000 (2018:
               HK$5,072,572,000) bear fixed interest rates from 5.62% to 7.6% (2018: 5.62% to 7.6%) per annum.

      (d)      The amounts due are based on scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreements.

      (e)      The Group’s available banking facilities amounted to HK$8,745,791,000 (2018: HK$5,448,286,000),
               of which HK$7,968,992,000 (2018: HK$5,360,999,000) had been utilised at the end of the reporting
               period.

      (f)      Certain bank borrowings and overdrafts of the Group were guaranteed by the Company up to
               HK$7,720,082,000 (2018: HK$5,339,854,000), the Group companies up to HK$7,090,203,000 (2018:
               HK$4,285,727,000) and secured by mortgages over the Group’s investment properties with a
               carrying amount at the end of the reporting period of HK$8,024,831,000 (2018: HK$8,496,663,000),
               mortgages over the Group’s leasehold land and buildings with a carrying amount at the end of
               the reporting period of HK$354,380,000 (2018: HK$20,665,000) and shares of two (2018: two)
               investment properties owing subsidiaries.

      (g)      Certain bank borrowings and overdrafts of the Group were guaranteed by the directors and
               controlling shareholders of the Company up to HK$7,670,363,000 (2018: HK$5,051,426,000) and
               the related parties of the Group up to HK$8,910,000 (2018: HK$21,146,000).

      (h)      Except for bank borrowings of HK$7,439,273,000 (2018: HK$5,072,572,000) which are
               denominated in RMB, all other bank borrowings and overdrafts are denominated in HK$.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        171      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019




34.   AMOUNTS DUE TO RELATED PARTIES
                                                                                        2019           2018
                                                                                     HK$’000    HK$’000


      Amount due to a related company controlled by the directors
        and controlling shareholders of the Company (note a)                               –          16,648
      Amount due to a related party, who has significant influence
        over a subsidiary of the Company (note a)                                      35,671         61,876
      Amounts due to related parties, who have significant influence
        over a subsidiary of the Company (note b)                                      33,825              –


                                                                                       69,496         78,524


      Notes:

      (a)      Amounts due are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

      (b)      Amounts due are unsecured, interest-bearing at 5% per annum and repayable on demand.


35.   LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                                   2019
                                                                                                HK$’000

      Total minimum lease payments:
        – Due within one year                                                                         30,689
        – Due in the second to the fifth years                                                        31,408


                                                                                                      62,097
      Future finance charges on lease liabilities                                                     (2,329)


      Present value of lease liabilities                                                              59,768


      Present value of minimum lease payments:
        – Due within one year                                                                         29,794
        – Due in the second to the fifth years                                                        29,974


                                                                                                   59,768
      Less: portion due within one year included under current liabilities                        (29,794)


      Portion due after one year included under non-current liabilities                               29,974




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      172      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             For the year ended 31 December 2019




35.   LEASE LIABILITIES (Continued)
      Note:

      The Group has initially applied HKFRS 16 using the modified retrospective approach and adjusted the
      opening balances as at 1 January 2019 to recognise lease liabilities relating to leases which were
      previously classified as operating leases under HKAS 17.

      During the year ended 31 December 2019, the total cash outflows for the leases are
      HK$31,638,000.


      Details of the lease activities
      As at 31 December 2019, the Group has entered into leases for office equipment and certain
      office premises and warehouse.


                              Consolidated financial                                      Number of    Number of    Number of
                              statements item of                           Range of       lease with   lease with   lease with
      Type of right-of-use    right-of-use asset               Number      remaining       extension    option to termination
      asset                   included in                       of lease   lease term        option     purchase       option


      Land and buildings      Property, plant and equipment          11    1 to 4 years            5           3            8
        carried at cost


      Office equipment        Property, plant and equipment           1    4 years                 –           –            –

      The Group considered that no extension option or termination option would be exercised at
      the lease commencement date.




                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED            173     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               For the year ended 31 December 2019




36.   DEFERRED TAXATION
      The following are the deferred tax liabilities/(assets) recognised and movements thereon
      during the current and prior years:


                                               Depreciation
                                                 allowance
                                                  in excess
                                                 of related        Revaluation
                                               depreciation       of properties      Tax losses     Others       Total
                                                   HK$’000             HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000


      As at 1 January 2018                              781            231,295             (771)     (2,681)    228,624
      Deferred tax charged/(credited) to
        profit or loss (note 10)                        130            166,107             (338)     (7,745)    158,154
      Charged to other comprehensive income               –                352                –           –         352
      Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 41b)              –                  –                –       1,480       1,480
      Exchange realignment                                –            (11,198)               –          30     (11,168)


      As at 31 December 2018 and
        1 January 2019                                  911            386,556           (1,109)     (8,916)    377,442
      Deferred tax (credited)/charged to
        profit or loss (note 10)                         (54)           (43,219)           180       8,478      (34,615)
      Charged to other comprehensive income                –                181              –           –          181
      Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 41a)               –                  –              –       5,415        5,415
      Exchange realignment                                 –             (8,712)             –          (2)      (8,714)


      As at 31 December 2019                            857            334,806             (929)     4,975      339,709


      At the end of the reporting period, the Group has estimated tax losses arising in Hong Kong
      of HK$324,334,000 (2018: HK$274,417,000) that are available indefinitely for offsetting against
      future taxable profits of the companies in which the losses arose. The Group also has
      estimated tax losses arising in the PRC of HK$69,862,000 (2018: HK$51,469,000) that will
      expire in one to five years for offsetting against future taxable profits. A deferred tax asset
      has been recognised in respect of tax losses of HK$5,640,000 (2018: HK$6,721,000) as at 31
      December 2019. Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the remaining tax
      losses as they have arisen in subsidiaries that have been loss-making for some time and in the
      opinion of the directors of the Company, it is not considered probable that taxable profits
      will be available against which the tax losses can be utilised due to the unpredictability of
      future profit streams.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED               174     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019




36.   DEFERRED TAXATION (Continued)
      Under the EIT Law of the PRC, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect
      of profits earned by the PRC subsidiaries from 1 January 2008 onwards. Deferred taxation
      has not been provided in the consolidated financial statements in respect of the temporary
      difference attributable to the accumulated profits of the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC
      amounted to HK$31,568,000 (2018: HK$34,728,000) as the Group is able to control the timing
      of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that these temporary difference
      will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


37.   LOANS FROM ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY
                                                                                       2019           2018
                                                                                    HK$’000       HK$’000


      Loans from ultimate holding company                                            687,688       821,460


      Loans from ultimate holding company were unsecured, interest-bearing at 8.2% (2018: 8.2%)
      per annum and will be repayable in June 2021 (2018: June 2020).


38.   PROMISSORY NOTES
                                                                                                  HK$’000


      As at 1 January 2018                                                                                 –
      Fair value of promissory notes issued at the inception date (note 42c)                      1,496,949
      Effective interest charged (note 9)                                                          128,914
      Exchange realignment                                                                        (133,403)


      As at 31 December 2018 and 1 January 2019                                                   1,492,460
      Effective interest charged (note 9)                                                            40,375
      Repayment                                                                                  (2,006,365)
      Loss on early redemption charged to profit or loss                                           439,781
      Exchange realignment                                                                           33,749


      As at 31 December 2019                                                                               –


      On 19 April 2018, the Group issued two tranches of promissory notes with principal amounts of
      RMB1,517,321,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$1,897,801,000) and RMB140,543,000
      (equivalent to HK$175,784,000) respectively as part of the consideration for the acquisition of
      assets through acquisition of subsidiaries, details of which are disclosed in note 42c. The
      promissory notes are unsecured, interest-bearing at 3.86% per annum and repayable on 18 April
      2023. The effective interest rate of the promissory notes is 13.05% per annum, which is valued by
      B.I. Appraisals Limited and it resulted in a fair value at the inception date of HK$1,496,949,000.



                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        175      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




38.   PROMISSORY NOTES (Continued)
      Pursuant to the agreements, the Group has the right to redeem the promissory notes at the
      sum of (a) the principal amount outstanding on the promissory notes; and (b) the
      outstanding interests up to the date of early redemption.


      The promissory notes were early redeemed by the Group on 20 March 2019.


39.   SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                        2019        2018
                                                                                    HK$’000     HK$’000


      Authorised:
      20,000,000,000 ordinary shares of HK$0.10 each                                2,000,000   2,000,000


      Issued and fully paid:
      1,438,209,880 (2018: 1,435,709,880) ordinary shares of
        HK$0.10 each                                                                 143,821     143,571


      A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:


                                                                                  Number of
                                                                                    ordinary
                                                                                      shares       Share
                                                                                     in issue     capital
                                                                                                HK$’000


      As at 1 January 2018                                                    1,150,751,398      115,075
      Issue of shares (note a)                                                    284,958,482     28,496


      As at 31 December 2018 and 1 January 2019                               1,435,709,880      143,571
      Issue of shares (note b)                                                      2,500,000        250


      As at 31 December 2019                                                  1,438,209,880      143,821




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      176      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019




39.   SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)
      Notes:

      (a)      On 19 April 2018, the Company issued 280,998,482 shares at HK$4.71 per share, as part of
               consideration amounted to HK$1,323,502,000, to acquire assets through acquisition of
               subsidiaries. The issuance of shares was pursuant to the terms and conditions under the
               acquisition agreements for the acquisition as stated in note 42c. The new shares rank pari passu
               with existing shares in all respects.

               On 8 June 2018, the Company issued 1,750,000 shares at HK$5.11 per share, for a consideration of
               HK$8,943,000. The issuance of shares was pursuant to the terms and conditions under the
               acquisition agreement for the acquisition of 60% equity interests in Realord Environmental
               Protection Industrial Company Limited (“Realord Environmental Protection”) and its
               subsidiaries in 2017. The new shares rank pari passu with existing shares in all respects.

               On 5 October 2018, the Company issued 2,210,000 shares due to the exercise of share options
               under the Scheme (as defined in note 40) by the option holders. The new shares rank pari passu
               with existing shares in all respects.

      (b)      On 10 June 2019, the Company issued 2,500,000 shares at HK$4.60 per share, for a consideration
               of HK$11,498,000. The issuance of shares was pursuant to the terms and conditions under the
               acquisition agreement for the acquisition of 60% equity interests in Realord Environmental
               Protection and its subsidiaries in 2017. The new shares rank pari passu with existing shares in all
               respects.

40.   SHARE OPTION SCHEME
      The Company operates a share option scheme (the “Scheme”) for the purpose of providing
      incentives and rewards to eligible participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s
      operations. Eligible participants of the Scheme include the Company’s directors and full time
      employees of the Group. The Scheme became effective on 10 August 2012 and, unless
      otherwise cancelled or amended, will remain in force for ten years from that date.


      The maximum number of unexercised share options currently permitted to be granted under
      the Scheme is an amount equivalent, upon their exercise, to 10% of the shares of the
      Company in issue at the date of approval of the Scheme on 10 August 2012. The maximum
      number of shares issuable under share options to each eligible participant in the Scheme
      within any 12-month period is limited to 1% of the shares of the Company in issue at any
      time. Any further grant of share options in excess of this limit is subject to shareholders’
      approval in a general meeting.


      Share options granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the
      Company, or to any of their associates, are subject to approval in advance by the independent
      non-executive directors. In addition, any share options granted to a substantial shareholder
      or an independent non-executive director of the Company, or to any of their associates, in
      excess of 0.1% of the shares of the Company in issue at any time or with an aggregate value
      (based on the price of the Company’s shares at the date of grant) in excess of HK$5,000,000,
      within any 12-month period, are subject to shareholders’ approval in advance in a general
      meeting.


                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        177      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019




40.   SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)
      The offer of a grant of share options may be accepted within 21 days from the date of offer,
      upon payment of a nominal consideration of HK$1 in total by the grantee. The exercise
      period of the share options granted is determinable by the directors of the Company, and
      commences after a vesting period of two years and ends on a date which is not later than 10
      years from the date of the grant of the option but subject to the provisions for early
      termination of the Scheme. Unless otherwise determined by the directors of the Company at
      their sole discretion, there is no requirement of a minimum period for which an option must
      be held before it can be exercised.


      The exercise price of share options is determinable by the directors of the Company, but may
      not be less than the higher of (i) the Stock Exchange closing price of the Company’s shares on
      the date of offer of the share options; and (ii) the average Stock Exchange closing price of the
      Company’s shares for the five trading days immediately preceding the date of offer.


      Share options do not confer rights to the holders to dividends or to vote at shareholders’
      meetings.


      The following share options were outstanding under the Scheme during the year:


                                                                                     Weighted
                                                                                       average
                                                                               exercise price      Number
                                                                                    (per share)   of options
                                                                                          HK$           ’000


      As at 1 January 2018                                                                 4.11       10,010
      Exercised during the year                                                            4.11       (2,210)


      As at 31 December 2018, 1 January 2019
        and 31 December 2019                                                               4.11        7,800


      No share options were exercised during the year ended 31 December 2019 (2018: 2,210,000
      share options were exercised at HK$4.11 per share).


      At the end of the reporting period and the date of approval of these consolidated financial
      statements, the Company had 7,800,000 share options outstanding under the Scheme, which
      represented approximately 0.5% of the Company’s shares in issue as at that date.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      178      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




41.   BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
      (a)   Optima Capital Limited
            On 30 April 2019, the Group completed an acquisition of 60% equity interests in
            Optima Capital Limited (“Optima Capital”) from Ms. Leung Mei Han, a spouse of a
            director of a subsidiary of the Company and two independent third parties, for total
            consideration of HK$96,000,000. The acquisition has been accounted for using the
            purchase method.


            Optima Capital is a licensed corporation under the Securities and Futures Ordinance to
            carry out corporate finance advisory services in Hong Kong. The acquisition was made
            as part of the Group strategy to expand its financial services business in Hong Kong.


            Consideration transferred
                                                                                              HK$’000

            Cash                                                                                48,000
            Deferred consideration (note)                                                       40,849


                                                                                                88,849


            Note: Based on the acquisition agreement dated 27 December 2018, part of the consideration
                  amounting to HK$48,000,000 (the “deferred consideration”) will be paid on the third
                  anniversary of the completion date of the acquisition. The fair value of the deferred
                  consideration approximates HK$40,849,000 at the acquisition date.


            The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of Optima Capital at the
            acquisition date were as follows:


                                                                                              HK$’000

            Property, plant and equipment                                                       18,240
            Other intangible assets (note 20)                                                   32,815
            Trade receivables                                                                    7,540
            Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                          1,845
            Bank balances and cash                                                              13,616
            Other payables and accruals                                                           (581)
            Contract liabilities                                                                   (92)
            Lease liabilities                                                                  (16,946)
            Tax payable                                                                         (1,095)
            Deferred tax liabilities (note 36)                                                  (5,415)


            Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                         49,927




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       179      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




41.   BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (Continued)
      (a)   Optima Capital Limited (Continued)
            Goodwill arising on acquisition
                                                                                           HK$’000

            Consideration transferred                                                        88,849
            Add: non-controlling interests                                                   19,971
            Less: fair value of identifiable net assets acquired                             (49,927)


                                                                                             58,893


            Net cash outflow on acquisition
                                                                                           HK$’000

            Bank balances and cash acquired                                                  13,616
            Cash consideration paid                                                          (48,000)


                                                                                             (34,384)


            The non-controlling interests arising from the acquisition of non-wholly owned
            subsidiary are measured by reference to the proportionate share of the fair value of the
            acquiree’s identifiable net assets at the acquisition date and amounted to
            HK$49,927,000.


            Goodwill arose in the acquisition of Optima Capital because the cost of the
            combination included a control premium. In addition, the consideration paid for the
            combination effectively included amount in relation to the assembled workforce of
            Optima Capital. Such benefit is not recognised separately from goodwill because it
            does not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets.


            Since the acquisition, Optima Capital contributed HK$25,241,000 to the Group’s
            revenue and generated a profit of HK$739,000 which was included in the Group’s
            results for the year ended 31 December 2019.


            Had the combination taken place at the beginning of the year ended 31 December 2019,
            the revenue and the loss of the Group would have been HK$841,759,000 and
            HK$406,193,000, respectively.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       180      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




41.   BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (Continued)
      (b)   Strabens Hall (Hong Kong) Limited
            On 27 November 2018, the Group completed an acquisition of 100% equity interests in
            Strabens Hall (Hong Kong) Limited (“Strabens Hall”) from two independent third
            parties, for total cash consideration at HK$7,747,000. The acquisition has been
            accounted for using the purchase method.


            Strabens Hall is a licensed corporation under the Securities and Futures Ordinance to
            carry out service of asset management and advising on securities. The acquisition was
            made as part of the Group strategy to expand more types of services provision for its
            Financial Services Segment.


            The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of Strabens Hall at the
            acquisition date were as follows:


                                                                                         HK$’000

            Property, plant and equipment                                                      21
            Other intangible assets (note 20)                                                8,969
            Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                       157
            Bank balances and cash                                                            224
            Other payables and accruals                                                      (144)
            Deferred tax liabilities (note 36)                                              (1,480)


            Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                      7,747


            Net cash outflow on acquisition
                                                                                         HK$’000

            Bank balances and cash acquired                                                   224
            Cash consideration paid                                                         (7,747)


                                                                                            (7,523)


            Since the acquisition, Strabens Hall contributed HK$415,000 to the Group’s revenue
            and generated a profit of HK$179,000 which was included in the Group’s results for the
            year ended 31 December 2018.


            Had the combination taken place at the beginning of the year ended 31 December 2018,
            the revenue and the profit of the Group would have been HK$814,507,000 and
            HK$383,554,000, respectively.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       181      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




42.   ACQUISITION OF ASSETS THROUGH ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES
      (a)   Bright Success Inc.
            On 27 March 2019, the Group acquired 100% equity interests in Bright Success Inc. and
            its subsidiary (“Bright Success Group”), from an independent third party at a cash
            consideration of HK$513,114,000. Bright Success Group is engaged in property
            investment business.


            The above transaction was accounted for as acquisition of assets rather than as business
            combinations because Bright Success Group did not carry out any significant business
            transactions prior to the date of acquisition.


            Further details are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 15 February
            2019.


            The assets acquired at the completion date were as follows:


                                                                                           HK$’000


            Investment property (note 18)                                                   513,000
            Deposits and prepayments                                                            114
            Shareholder’s loan                                                             (470,220)


                                                                                             42,894
            Settlement of shareholder’s loan                                                470,220


            Net assets acquired                                                             513,114


            Net cash outflow on acquisition


                                                                                           HK$’000


            Cash consideration paid (note)                                                  461,814


            Note: Part of the consideration of HK$513,114,000 for the acquisition was satisfied by a
                  prepayment of HK$51,300,000 made in 2018.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       182      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




42.   ACQUISITION OF ASSETS THROUGH ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES
      (Continued)

      (b)   Shenzhen Yousheng
            Shenzhen Yousheng was an associate of the Group as at 31 December 2018 of which the
            Group held 49% equity interests (see note 21). On 22 May 2019, the Group acquired
            addition 2% equity interests in Shenzhen Yousheng at a cash consideration of
            RMB40,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$45,475,000). Shenzhen Yousheng
            became a 51% subsidiary of the Group. Shenzhen Yousheng is engaged in property
            development.


            Shenzhen Yousheng did not carry out any significant business transactions prior to the
            date of acquisition and only had proposed development project. Therefore, the Group
            considered this would be an acquisition of assets in substance and the difference
            between the consideration paid and the net assets acquired would be recognised as
            adjustments to the carrying amount of proposed development project.


            The non-controlling interests recognised at the acquisition date are measured by
            reference to the fair value.


            The assets acquired at the completion date were as follows:


                                                                                         HK$’000


            Property, plant and equipment                                                     127
            Proposed development project                                                 1,610,783
            Deposits and other receivables                                                    171
            Bank balances and cash                                                           5,631
            Other payables and accruals                                                    (22,363)


                                                                                         1,594,349
            Less: non-controlling interests                                               (774,437)


            Net assets acquired                                                           819,912




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       183      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019




42.   ACQUISITION OF ASSETS THROUGH ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES
      (Continued)

      (b)   Shenzhen Yousheng (Continued)


                                                                                         HK$’000


            Total consideration satisfied by:
              – Fair value of previously held interests in
                    an associate at the acquisition date                                  774,437
              – Cash                                                                       45,475


                                                                                          819,912


            Net cash outflow on acquisition
                                                                                         HK$’000


            Bank balances and cash acquired                                                 5,631
            Cash consideration paid                                                       (45,475)


                                                                                          (39,844)


            Re-measurement on investment in an associate
                                                                                         HK$’000


            Fair value of previously held interests in an associate at the acquisition
              date                                                                        774,437
            Less: investment in an associate (note 21)                                    (65,035)


            Gain on re-measurement of previously held interests in an associate           709,402




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        184      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019




42.   ACQUISITION OF ASSETS THROUGH ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES
      (Continued)
      (c)   Realord Ventures Limited and Manureen Ventures Limited
            On 19 April 2018, the Company acquired 100% equity interests in Realord Ventures
            Limited and Manureen Ventures Limited (the “Target Group”), from Dr. Lin and
            Madam Su, the directors and controlling shareholders of the Company, at a total
            consideration of RMB5,854,995,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$7,323,176,000)
            (“Total Consideration”).


            The Total Consideration was satisfied (i) by way of cash in an amount of
            R M B3,600,000,000 ( e q u i v a l e n t t o a p p r o x i m a t e l y H K $4,502,725,000) ( “ C a s h
            Consideration”); (ii) by way of allotment and issue of 280,998,482 consideration shares
            at the fair value at the completion date of HK$4.71 per share of approximately
            HK$1,323,502,000 (“Share Consideration”); and (iii) by way of the issue of the
            promissory notes in two tranches with an aggregate principal amount of
            RMB1,657,864,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$2,073,585,000), the fair value is
            RMB1,196,834,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$1,496,949,000) which is determined
            based on an effective interest rate of 13.05%.


            Pursuant to the relevant agreement, the Cash Consideration would be payable in form
            of the shareholder’s loan provided by the Company to the Target Group for the full
            settlement of the Target Group’s outstanding debts owed to other parties in relation to
            the properties in Shenzhen, which mainly include amounts due to related companies/
            directors and bank borrowings, as at the date of completion on a dollar for dollar basis.
            The surplus of the Cash Consideration after full settlement of the Target Group’s
            outstanding debts, the balance of the Cash Consideration would be payable to Dr. Lin
            and Madam Su directly as part payment of the Total Consideration. The Target Group
            is engaged in property investment in the PRC.


            The above transaction was accounted for as acquisition of assets rather than as business
            combinations because the Target Group did not carry out any significant business
            transactions prior to the date of acquisition.


            Further details are set out in the circular of the Company dated 23 March 2018 and an
            announcement of the Company dated 19 April 2018.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED         185      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




42.   ACQUISITION OF ASSETS THROUGH ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES
      (Continued)
      (c)   Realord Ventures Limited and Manureen Ventures Limited (Continued)
            The assets acquired at the completion date were as follows:


                                                                                   HK$’000


            Property, plant and equipment                                             2,780
            Investment properties (note 18)                                       7,779,709
            Deposits and other receivables                                          178,696
            Bank balances and cash                                                    3,091
            Other payables and accruals                                             (57,012)
            Amounts due to related companies                                       (116,087)
            Amounts due to directors                                              (2,637,016)
            Bank borrowings                                                        (212,629)
            Finance lease obligations                                                 (6,207)
            Tax payable                                                               (2,659)


                                                                                  4,932,666
            Settlement of outstanding debts                                       2,977,104


            Net assets acquired                                                   7,909,770


            Total consideration satisfied by:
              – Cash                                                              4,502,725
              – Consideration shares at market price on completion date           1,323,502
              – Promissory notes (note 38)                                        1,496,949


                                                                                  7,323,176
            Deemed contribution from shareholders                                   586,594


                                                                                  7,909,770


            Net cash outflow on acquisition:

                                                                                   HK$’000

            Bank balances and cash acquired                                            3,091
            Cash consideration paid                                               (4,502,725)

                                                                                  (4,499,634)



                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      186      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




43.   MAJOR NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS
      During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group acquired the equity interests in Realord
      Ventures Limited and Manureen Ventures Limited which is partially settled by issue of
      shares of the Company and issue of promissory notes. Details are set out in note 42c.


44.   CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
      Since 2016, 冠彰電器 (深圳) 有限公司 (Guan Zhang Electronic (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. or “Guan
      Zhang”), a subsidiary of the Group, has been a defendant in a lawsuit brought by a third
      party (the “Plaintiff”), alleging that Guan Zhang is liable to settle an outstanding payment of
      approximately RMB25,000,000 and interest accrued thereon under an alleged financing
      arrangement between the Plaintiff, Citibest Global Limited (“Citibest”) and Guan Zhang in
      the Shenzhen Baoan District People’s Court. The Group won the lawsuit in 2017.
      Subsequently, the Plaintiff has brought up a lawsuit regarding the same claim against Guan
      Zhang and Citibest in Shenzhen Qianhai District People’s Court. On 4 December 2018, the
      court rejected all the claims from the Plaintiff. Thereafter, the Plaintiff further brought the
      appeal to Shenzhen Intermediate People’s Court. As at 31 December 2019, an investment
      property situated in the PRC amounted to RMB511,000,000 (equivalent to approximately
      HK$570,939,000) was restricted as to use as a result of a freezing injunction by the court. Such
      injunction was subsequently released and replaced by a security deposit placed at the court
      amounted to RMB36,739,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$41,049,000) on 24 February
      2020.


      After consultation with the external legal counsel and in view of all the facts and
      circumstances, management considers that the economic outflows caused by the above case
      are not probable. Accordingly, the Group has not provided for any claim arising from the
      litigation, other than the related legal and other costs.


45.   PLEDGE OF ASSETS
      Details of the Group’s bank borrowings and overdrafts which are secured by the assets of the
      Group, are included in note 33.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       187      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




46.   LEASE COMMITMENTS
      (a)   As lessor
            The Group leases certain investment properties (note 18) under operating lease
            arrangements, with leases negotiated for terms ranging from one to three years (2018:
            one to three years). The terms of the leases generally also require the tenants to pay
            security deposits.


            The Group had total future minimum lease rental receivables under non-cancellable
            operating leases with its tenants as follows:


                                                                                     2019      2018
                                                                                  HK$’000   HK$’000



            Within one year                                                         2,525    17,171
            In the second to fifth years                                              746     3,972


                                                                                    3,271    21,143


      (b)   As lessee
            As at 31 December 2019, the Group had lease commitments for short-term leases (2018:
            total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases) as
            follows:


                                                                                     2019      2018
                                                                                  HK$’000   HK$’000


            Within one year                                                         1,659    24,297
            In the second to fifth years                                                5    44,405


                                                                                    1,664    68,702


            As at 31 December 2019, the Group leases certain office premises and office equipment
            with a lease period of 12 months, which are qualified to be accounted for under
            short-term lease exemption under HKFRS 16.


            As at 31 December 2018, the Group leased certain office premises and office equipment
            under operating lease arrangements. Leases were negotiated for terms ranging from
            one to three years.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      188      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




47.   CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
      The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                     2019       2018
                                                                                  HK$’000    HK$’000



      Contracted, but not provided for:
       – Acquisition of 60% equity investment                                           –      76,000
       – Capital injection in a joint venture engaged
            in securities brokerage business                                       391,054    400,050
       – Leasehold improvements                                                      2,474        182


                                                                                   393,528    476,232


48.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      In addition to the transactions and balances detailed elsewhere in these consolidated
      financial statements, the Group had the following material transactions with related parties
      during the year:


      (a)   Related party transactions
                                                                                     2019       2018
                                                                                  HK$’000    HK$’000



            Interest income on finance lease receivables
              from a related company                                                    –        330


            Interest expense on promissory notes to the directors and
              controlling shareholders                                              40,375    128,914


            Interest expense on loans from ultimate holding company                 55,958     65,231


            Management fee paid to a related company controlled by
             a director of the Company in the PRC                                     205        213


            Rental expense paid to the directors and controlling
              shareholders                                                            110        264


            Securities service fee received from the directors and
              controlling shareholders                                                  6          7




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      189      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019




48.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (b)   Other transactions with related parties
            (i)      During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group received loans from and
                     repaid to ultimate holding company of HK$2,100,206,000 (2018: HK$853,698,000)
                     and HK$2,220,964,000 (2018: HK$407,037,000) respectively.


            (ii)     During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group had finance lease
                     receivables due from a company jointly owned by Dr. Lin and Madam Su, the
                     directors and controlling shareholders of the Company.


      (c)   Compensation of key management personnel of the Group


                                                                                        2019       2018
                                                                                     HK$’000    HK$’000



            Short-term employee benefits                                               10,692    10,334
            Post-employment benefits                                                      54         54


                                                                                       10,746    10,388


            Further details of directors’ emoluments are included in note 12A.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      190      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019




49.   RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
      The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities,
      including both cash and non-cash changes.


                                                         Bank         Loans from     Amounts
                                                    borrowings           ultimate      due to
                                         Promissory        and           holding      related      Interest        Lease
                                              notes overdrafts          company       parties      payable     liabilities     Total
                                            HK$’000    HK$’000           HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000

      As at 1 January 2018                         –       255,525        378,688       37,531            –             –      671,744
      Financing cash flows                         –     5,338,737        446,661       (1,986)    (229,827)            –    5,553,585
      Non-cash transactions
      – Acquisition of subsidiaries        1,496,949             –              –       (22,252)          –             –    1,474,697
      – Finance costs                        128,914             –              –        65,231     229,827             –      423,972
      – Exchange gain recognised
          in profit or loss                (133,403)        (6,164)        (3,889)            –           –             –    (143,456)
      – Exchange gain recognised in
          other comprehensive
          income                                   –     (227,099)              –             –           –             –    (227,099)


      As at 31 December 2018               1,492,460     5,360,999        821,460       78,524            –             –    7,753,443
      Adjustment from the
        application of HKFRS 16
        (note 2)                                   –             –              –             –           –        66,086      66,086


      As at 1 January 2019, restated       1,492,460     5,360,999        821,460        78,524           –        66,086    7,819,529
      Financing cash flows                (2,006,365)    2,705,298       (120,758)      (31,200)   (490,472)      (29,080)      27,423
      Non-cash transactions
      – Acquisition of subsidiaries               –              –              –       22,363            –        16,946      39,309
      – Finance costs                        40,375              –              –            –      490,472         1,753     532,600
      – Loss on early redemption            439,781              –              –            –            –             –     439,781
      – Entering into new leases                  –              –              –            –            –         4,191       4,191
      – Exchange loss/(gain)
          recognised in profit or loss       33,749              –        (13,014)            –           –             _      20,735
      – Exchange gain recognised in
          other comprehensive
          income                                   –       (97,305)             –         (191)           –          (128)     (97,624)


      As at 31 December 2019                       –     7,968,992        687,688       69,496            –        59,768    8,785,944




                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                191       ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




50.   CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
      The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s
      ability to continue as a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to
      support its business and maximise shareholders’ value.


      The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in
      economic conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or
      adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders,
      return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. No changes were made in the objectives,
      policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended 31 December 2019 and
      2018.


      The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is the total of interest-bearing bank
      borrowings and overdrafts, loans from ultimate holding company and promissory notes
      divided by total equity. The Group’s policy is to maintain the gearing ratio at an appropriate
      level. The gearing ratios at the end of the reporting periods are as follows:


                                                                                      2019        2018
                                                                                  HK$’000     HK$’000



      Bank borrowings and overdrafts                                              7,968,992   5,360,999
      Loans from ultimate holding company                                          687,688     821,460
      Promissory notes                                                                   –    1,492,460


                                                                                  8,656,680   7,674,919
      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                2,345,095   2,878,448


      Gearing ratio                                                                  369%        267%




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      192      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




51.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      (a)   Categories of financial instruments


                                                                                       2019        2018
                                                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000


            Financial assets
            Financial assets at amortised cost                                     1,250,672   1,646,096
            Financial assets at FVTPL                                                14,130      96,631
            Financial assets at FVTOCI (non-recycling)                                    –      31,048


            Financial liabilities
            Financial liabilities at amortised cost                                8,939,608   8,027,409


      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies
            The Group’s financial instruments include trade receivables, other receivables,
            receivables arising from securities broking, cash held on behalf of clients, bank
            balances and cash, financial assets at FVTPL/FVTOCI, trade payables, other payables,
            payables arising from securities broking, bank borrowings and overdrafts, amounts
            due to related parties, lease liabilities, loans from ultimate holding company and
            promissory notes. The risks associated with these financial instruments include market
            risk (including currency risk, interest rate risk and other price risk), credit risk and
            liquidity risk. Management manages and monitors these exposures to ensure
            appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       193      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019




51.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Market risk
            (i)     Currency risk
                    The Group is subject to foreign exchange rate risk arising from assets and
                    liabilities which are denominated in currency other than the functional currencies
                    of the relevant group entity. The Group’s foreign currency transactions and
                    balances are principally denominated in United States dollars (“US$”), Japanese
                    Yen (“JPY”), RMB and HK$. The Group is exposed to the foreign exchange rate
                    risk mainly arising from changes in the exchange rate of HK$ against RMB. The
                    Group currently does not have a currency hedging policy. However, the
                    management monitors foreign currency exposure and will consider hedging
                    significant currency exposure should the need arises.


                    The Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities
                    include trade receivables, other receivables, bank balances and cash, trade
                    payables, other payables, bank borrowings, loans from ultimate holding company
                    and promissory notes at the end of respective reporting period and the carrying
                    amounts are as follows:


                                                                                        2019        2018
                                                                                    HK$’000     HK$’000


                    Assets
                    RMB against HK$                                                  671,119    1,146,976
                    US$ against HK$                                                  137,422     208,430
                    JPY against HK$                                                   17,456           –
                    HK$ against RMB                                                   11,765      46,624
                    Others                                                               976         730


                    Liabilities
                    RMB against HK$                                                 7,538,691   5,149,991
                    US$ against HK$                                                   27,221      76,190
                    JPY against HK$                                                   13,291           –
                    HK$ against RMB                                                    4,432    1,895,501
                    Others                                                                15       2,152




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      194      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019




51.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Market risk (Continued)
            (i)      Currency risk (Continued)
                     Sensitivity analysis
                     The Group’s foreign currency risk is concentrated on the fluctuation of HK$,
                     RMB and JPY against foreign currency. The exposure of US$ against HK$ is
                     considered insignificant as HK$ is pegged to US$, therefore is excluded from the
                     sensitivity analysis below.


                     The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% increase and decrease
                     in HK$ against RMB and JPY. The sensitivity rates used represent management’s
                     assessment of the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. A
                     positive number below indicates a decrease/an increase in (loss)/profit for the
                     year where HK$ strengthens 5% against RMB and JPY. For a 5% weakening of
                     HK$ against RMB and JPY, there would be an equal and opposite impact on
                     (loss)/profit for the year and the balance below would be negative.


                                                                                          2019       2018
                                                                                       HK$’000    HK$’000


                     – RMB                                                              257,228    227,304
                     – JPY                                                                 162          –


            (ii)     Interest rate risk
                     The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate bank
                     borrowings, loans from ultimate holding company and promissory notes. The
                     Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate
                     bank balances (note 29) and variable-rate bank borrowings and overdrafts (note
                     33).


                     The Group’s cash flow interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation
                     of interest rates on bank balances and HIBOR and Prime Rate arising from the
                     Group’s HK$ denominated bank borrowings and overdrafts. Management
                     monitors interest rate exposure and will consider hedging significant interest rate
                     exposure should the need arise.


                     As at 31 December 2019, if interest rates had been 50 basis points higher/lower
                     with all other variables held constant, the Group’s (loss)/profit for the year
                     ended 31 December 2019 would have been HK$1,947,000 (2018: HK$1,153,000)
                     lower/higher.



                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        195      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019




51.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Market risk (Continued)
            (iii)     Other price risk
                      The Group is exposed to equity price risk arising from equity investments
                      classified as financial assets at FVTPL (note 27) as at 31 December 2019 and 2018.
                      The Group’s listed investments are listed on the Stock Exchange and are valued
                      at quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period.


                      The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to every 10% change in the fair
                      value of the equity investments, with all other variables held constant, based on
                      their carrying amounts at the end of the reporting period.


                                                                                              Increase/
                                                                                            Decrease in
                                                                                           (loss)/profit
                                                                                            for the year
                                                                                               HK$’000


                      2019
                      Equity investments, listed in Hong Kong:
                        – Financial assets at FVTPL                                                 285


                      2018
                      Equity investments, listed in Hong Kong:
                        – Financial assets at FVTPL                                               7,473




                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      196      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019




51.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risk and impairment assessment
            The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk for the components of the consolidated
            statement of financial position as at 31 December 2019 and 2018 is the carrying
            amounts as disclosed in note 51a. The Group does not hold any collateral or other
            credit enhancements to cover its credit risks associated with its financial assets, except
            for the credit risks associated with receivables arising from securities broking are
            mitigated because they are secured by listed securities in Hong Kong.


            (i)     Trade receivables excluding those from securities broking
                    In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated
                    a team responsible for determination of credit limits and credit approvals. Other
                    monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to
                    recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment
                    under ECL model on trade balances individually. In this regard, the directors of
                    the Company consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.


                    Trade receivables consist of a large number of customers, spread across diverse
                    industries and geographical areas. Accordingly, the Group’s concentration of
                    credit risk is considered minimal. As part of the Group’s credit risk management,
                    trade debtors are assessed individually by reference to any historical default or
                    delay in payments, subsequent settlements and current past due exposure of the
                    debtor. The Group then applies an internal credit rating for each debtor and the
                    average loss rates for the year ended 31 December 2019 ranged from 0.1% to 4.3%
                    (2018: 0.5% to 7.0%).




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       197      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019




51.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
            (ii)      Receivables arising from securities broking
                      In order to manage the credit risk in the receivables from clients arising from
                      securities broking, individual credit evaluation are performed on all clients
                      including cash clients and margin clients. Cash clients accounts receivable are
                      generally settled in two trading days after trade date. Hence, credit risk arising
                      from the cash clients accounts receivable is considered minimal. For margin
                      clients, the Group normally obtains liquid securities as collateral based on the
                      margin requirements. The Group has not granted any committed facility amount
                      to each of the margin clients and the margin loan is granted by the Group
                      depending on the assessment of the quality of the collateral and credit risk of the
                      respective client. The margin requirement is closely monitored on a daily basis
                      by the designated team. In addition, the Group reviews the recoverable amount
                      of each individual receivable at the end of each reporting period to ensure that
                      adequate impairment losses are made for irrecoverable amounts. In this regard,
                      the directors of the Company consider that the credit risk is significantly
                      reduced. Market conditions and adequacy of securities collateral and margin
                      deposits of each margin account are monitored by management on a daily basis.
                      Margin calls and forced liquidation are made where necessary. In this regard, the
                      directors of the Company consider that the credit risk is significantly reduced.


                      As part of the Group’s credit risk management, management estimates
                      impairment loss on loans to margin clients individually on each debtor by
                      reference to any historical default or delay in payments, subsequent settlements
                      and current past due exposure of the debtor. The Group then applies an internal
                      credit rating for each debtor and the average loss rate for not credit-impaired
                      margin clients for the year ended 31 December 2019 is approximately 0.6% (2018:
                      2.7%).


            (iii)     Bank balances and cash held on behalf of clients
                      The Group mainly transacts with banks with high credit ratings. The credit risk
                      for bank balances and cash held on behalf of clients as at 31 December 2019 and
                      2018 is considered as not material as such amounts are placed in reputable banks
                      with high credit ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies.


                      The Group assessed 12-month ECL on these balances by reference to probability
                      of default and recovery rate by credit rating grades published by international
                      credit-rating agencies and concluded that the ECL are insignificant as at 31
                      December 2019 and 2018 and thus no impairment loss was recognised.



                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       198      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019




51.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
            (iv)     Other receivables
                     For the purposes of internal credit risk management, the Group uses past due
                     information to assess whether credit risk has increased significantly since initial
                     recognition.

                                                                                  Not past due/
                                                                                      No fixed
                                                                         Past due   repayment       Total
                                                                         HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000

                     2019                                                      38,660   122,360    161,020
                     2018                                                      39,549   116,926    156,475


                     The management of the Company has taken into account the past due
                     information as above and comparable external credit rating assigned by
                     international credit-rating agencies on debtor of similar type to review the
                     recoverable amount of other receivables at the end of the reporting period to
                     ensure that adequate impairment losses was recognised for irrecoverable debts, if
                     applicable.


                     The Group assessed the ECL on other receivables from a local government
                     authority in the PRC by reference to the probability of default and recovery rate
                     by credit rating grades published by international credit-rating agencies and
                     concluded that the ECL are insignificant at initial recognition and as at 31
                     December 2019 and 2018 and thus no impairment loss was recognised.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       199      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                            For the year ended 31 December 2019




51.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
            (v)     Purchased or originated credit-impaired loan receivables
                    The Group has undertaken an internal approval process before executing the
                    decision of acquisition of investments including purchased or originated
                    credit-impaired financial assets. The loss rate of which at initial recognition is
                    approximately 1.8% (2018: 3.4%).


                    The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following
                    categories:

                    Internal credit                                                                       Other financial assets/
                    rating            Description                              Trade receivables          Other items

                    Low risk          The counterparty has a low risk of       Lifetime ECL               12-month ECL
                                        default and does not have any             (not credit-impaired)
                                        past-due amounts

                    Watch list        Debtor frequently repays after due       Lifetime ECL               12-month ECL
                                        dates but usually settle after due        (not credit-impaired)
                                        date

                    Doubtful          There have been significant increase     Lifetime ECL               Lifetime ECL
                                        in credit risk since initial              (not credit-impaired)      (not credit-impaired)
                                        recognition through information
                                        developed internally or external
                                        resources

                    Loss              There is evidence indicating the asset   Lifetime ECL               Lifetime ECL
                                        is credit-impaired                        (credit-impaired)          (credit-impaired)

                    Write off         There is evidence indicating that the    Amount is                  Amount is written off
                                        debtor is in severe financial           written off
                                        difficulty and the Group has no
                                        realistic prospect of recovery




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED            200       ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019




51.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
            The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets at
            amortised cost, which are subject to ECL assessment:

                                                           Internal
                                             External      credit            12-month/                  Gross carrying
                                       Notes credit rating rating            Lifetime ECL                   amount
                                                                                                       HK$’000 HK$’000

            As at 31 December 2019

            Cash held on                28    Aaa               N/A          12-month ECL
              behalf of clients                                                (not credit-impaired)     6,292     6,292

            Bank balances               29    Ba1 - Aaa         N/A          12-month ECL
                                                                               (not credit-impaired)   585,052   585,052

            Trade receivables           24    N/A               Low risk     Lifetime ECL
                                                                               (not credit-impaired)   326,418

                                                                Watch list   Lifetime ECL
                                                                               (not credit-impaired)     1,007   327,425

            Receivables arising from    24    N/A               Low risk     Lifetime ECL
              securities broking                                               (not credit-impaired)    89,490    89,490

            Other receivables           25    N/A               Low risk     12-month ECL
                                                                               (not credit-impaired)   122,360

                                              N/A               Doubtful     Lifetime ECL
                                                                               (not credit-impaired)    38,660   161,020

            Purchased or originated     25    N/A               Loss         Lifetime ECL
              credit-impaired                                                  (credit-impaired)
              loan receivables                                                                          87,739    87,739




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED           201      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019




51.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

                                                             Internal
                                               External      credit        12-month/                    Gross carrying
                                       Notes   credit rating rating        Lifetime ECL                    amount
                                                                                                      HK$’000 HK$’000

            As at 31 December 2018

            Cash held on behalf         28     Aaa           N/A           12-month ECL
              of clients                                                     (not credit-impaired)      8,454     8,454

            Bank balances               29     Ba1 - Aaa     N/A           12-month ECL
                                                                             (not credit-impaired)    896,544   896,544

            Trade receivables           24     N/A           Low risk      Lifetime ECL
                                                                              (not credit-impaired)   361,974

                                                             Watch list    Lifetime ECL
                                                                              (not credit-impaired)   103,428

                                                             Write off     Amount is written off
                                                                            (credit-impaired)           2,490   467,892

            Receivables arising from    24     N/A           Low risk      Lifetime ECL
              securities broking                                              (not credit-impaired)   101,598

                                                             Loss          Lifetime ECL
                                                                              (credit-impaired)          883

                                                             Write off     Amount is written off
                                                                            (credit-impaired)          26,354   128,835

            Other receivables           25     N/A           Low risk      12-month ECL
                                                                             (not credit-impaired)    116,926

                                               N/A           Doubtful      Lifetime ECL
                                                                              (not credit-impaired)    39,549   156,475

            Purchased or originated     25     N/A           Loss          Lifetime ECL
              credit-impaired                                                 (credit-impaired)
              loan receivables                                                                         29,776    29,776

            The average loss rates are estimated based on comparable probability of default and
            recovery rate quoted from international credit-rating agencies; and exposure of default
            after consideration of underlying collaterals, if any, and adjusted for forward-looking
            information that is available without undue cost or effort. Such forward-looking
            information is used by management to assess both the current as well as the forecast
            direction of conditions at the end of the reporting period. The internal credit rating
            categories are regularly reviewed by management to ensure relevant information about
            specific debtors is updated.


                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED            202      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019




51.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
            The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for
            trade receivables.


                                                                      Lifetime ECL        Lifetime ECL
                                                                        (not credit-           (credit-
                                                                          impaired)          impaired)      Total
                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000     HK$’000


            As at 1 January 2018                                                 7,525               –      7,525
            Transfer to credit-impaired                                          (466)             466           –
            Impairment losses recognised, net                                    3,328           2,024      5,352
            Written off                                                              –          (2,490)     (2,490)


            As at 31 December 2018 and 1 January 2019                           10,387               –     10,387
            Acquisition of a subsidiary                                           710                –        710
            Impairment losses reversed, net                                     (4,760)              –      (4,760)


            As at 31 December 2019                                               6,337               –      6,337


            During the year ended 31 December 2019, net reversal of impairment losses on trade
            receivables of HK$4,760,000 (2018: net impairment losses of HK$5,352,000) was
            recognised in profit or loss. As at 31 December 2019, trade receivables with a gross
            carrying amount of HK$Nil (2018: HK$2,490,000) has been identified as credit-impaired
            financial assets and were written off as the counterparties have been placed under
            liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. The Group has taken legal
            action against the debtors to recover the amounts due.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED           203      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019




51.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
            The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for
            receivables arising from securities broking.


                                                                      Lifetime ECL        Lifetime ECL
                                                                        (not credit-           (credit-
                                                                          impaired)          impaired)      Total
                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000     HK$’000


            As at 1 January 2018                                                8,187                –       8,187
            Transfer to credit-impaired                                         (6,354)          6,354           –
            Impairment losses recognised                                          633           20,183     20,816
            Written off                                                              –         (26,354)    (26,354)


            As at 31 December 2018 and 1 January 2019                           2,466              183       2,649
            Impairment losses reversed, net                                     (2,457)           (183)     (2,640)


            As at 31 December 2019                                                   9               –           9


            During the year ended 31 December 2019, net reversal of impairment losses on
            receivables arising from securities broking of HK$2,640,000 (2018: impairment losses of
            HK$20,816,000) was recognised in profit or loss. As at 31 December 2019, receivables
            arising from securities broking with a gross carrying amount of HK$Nil (2018:
            HK$26,354,000) has been identified as credit-impaired financial assets and were written
            off as the counterparties have been placed under liquidation or has entered into
            bankruptcy proceedings.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED           204      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




51.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
            The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for
            purchased or originated credit-impaired loan receivables.


                                                                                       Lifetime ECL
                                                                                   (credit-impaired)
                                                                                            HK$’000

            As at 1 January 2018                                                                   –
            Impairment losses recognised                                                       1,000

            As at 31 December 2018 and 1 January 2019                                          1,000
            Impairment losses recognised                                                         578

            As at 31 December 2019                                                             1,578


            Liquidity risk
            In the management of liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash
            and cash equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s
            operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuation in cash flows. The management
            monitors the utilisation of bank borrowings and overdrafts and ensures compliance
            with loan covenants. Details of the Group’s bank borrowings and overdrafts are set out
            in note 33.


            The following tables detail the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its
            non-derivative financial liabilities. The tables have been drawn up based on the
            undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the
            Group can be required to pay. The maturity dates for non-derivative financial liabilities
            are based on the agreed repayment dates.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      205      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




51.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Liquidity risk (Continued)

                                     On demand
                                       or within             1 to 5           Over                 Carrying
                                          1 year             years          5 years      Total      amount
                                        HK$’000            HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000

            As at 31 December 2019
            Trade payables                 55,360                 –               –      55,360      55,360
            Payables arising from
              securities broking           16,853                 –               –      16,853      16,853
            Other payables                 39,098            48,000               –      87,098      81,451
            Bank borrowings and
              overdrafts                  939,066          8,261,412        280,764    9,481,242   7,968,992
            Amounts due to related
              parties                      71,187                 –               –      71,187      69,496
            Lease liabilities              30,689            31,408               –      62,097      59,768
            Loans from ultimate
              holding company                    –          744,079               –     744,079     687,688

                                        1,152,253          9,084,899        280,764   10,517,916   8,939,608

            As at 31 December 2018
            Trade payables                223,016                 –               –     223,016     223,016
            Payables arising from
              securities broking           19,645                 –               –      19,645      19,645
            Other payables                 31,305                 –               –      31,305      31,305
            Bank borrowings and
              overdrafts                  794,327          5,670,481              –    6,464,808   5,360,999
            Amounts due to related
              parties                      78,524                 –               –      78,524      78,524
            Loans from ultimate
              holding company                    –           888,820              –      888,820     821,460
            Promissory notes                     –         1,687,226              –    1,687,226   1,492,460

                                        1,146,817          8,246,527              –    9,393,344   8,027,409

            The amounts included above for variable interest rate instruments for non-derivative
            financial liabilities are subject to change if changes in variable interest rates differ to
            those estimates of interest rates determined at the end of the reporting period.

            Bank borrowings and overdrafts with a repayment on demand clause are included in
            “On demand or within 1 year” time band in the above maturity analysis.

            As at 31 December 2019, the aggregate undiscounted principal and interest of these
            bank borrowings and overdrafts payable within one year and one to five years in
            accordance with the scheduled payment terms were HK$300,562,000 (2018:
            HK$290,194,000) and HK$Nil (2018: HK$10,288,000), respectively.

            As at 31 December 2019 and 2018, taking into account of the Group’s financial position,
            the directors of the Company do not believe that it is probable that the banks will
            exercise their discretionary rights to demand immediate repayment. Included in the
            above balances, the directors of the Company believe that such bank borrowings and
            overdrafts will be repaid in accordance with the scheduled repayment dates as set out
            in the loan agreements.


                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       206     ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019




51.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Fair values of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair
            value on a recurring basis
            Certain financial assets and liabilities of the Group are measured at fair values at the
            end of each reporting period. The following table gives information about how the fair
            values of these financial assets and liabilities are determined.


                                                    Fair value                 Fair value   Valuation technique and
            Financial asset                     as at 31 December              hierarchy    key input
                                                   2019               2018
                                               HK$’000            HK$’000


            Club and school debentures           10,720              7,139      Level 2     Estimated transaction prices


            Equity investments,                    3,410            89,492      Level 1     Quoted bid prices in an active
               listed in Hong Kong                                                            market

            The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets
            and liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements
            approximate their fair values.


            During year ended 31 December 2019, there were no transfers of fair value
            measurements between level 1 and level 2 and no transfers into or out of level 3 for
            both financial assets and liabilities (2018: Nil).




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED          207      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




52.   OFFSETTING FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
      The disclosures set out in the table below include financial assets and liabilities that are
      subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement that covers similar
      financial instruments that are either:


      •     offset in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position; or


      •     not offset in the consolidated statement of financial position as the offsetting criteria
            are not met.


      Under the agreement of continuous net settlement made between the Group and Hong Kong
      Securities Clearing Company Limited (“HKSCC”), the Group has a legally enforceable right
      to set off the money obligations receivable and payable with HKSCC on the same settlement
      date and are settled simultaneously. In addition, the Group has a legally enforceable right to
      set off all clients accounts receivable and payable at any time without prior notice to clients
      and the Group intends to settle these balances on a net basis.


      Except for above, amounts due from/to HKSCC that are not to be settled on the same date,
      accounts receivable and payable from clients not intends to settle on a net basis, financial
      collateral including cash and securities received by the Group, deposit placed with HKSCC
      do not meet the criteria for offsetting in the consolidated statement of financial position since
      the right of set off of the recognised amounts is only enforceable following an event of
      default.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      208      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                            For the year ended 31 December 2019




52.   OFFSETTING FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Continued)


                                                          Gross
                                                    amounts of      Net amounts
                                                     recognised      of financial
                                                       financial          assets/
                                                     liabilities/     liabilities
                                         Gross     assets set off     presented
                                                                                    Related amounts not set off
                                   amounts of             in the          in the
                                                                                    in the consolidated statement
                                    recognised     consolidated     consolidated
                                                                                        of financial position
                                     financial     statement of     statement of
                                        assets/        financial       financial        Financial      Collateral        Net
                                     liabilities        position        position     instruments         received*    amount
                                      HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000


      As at 31 December 2019


      Assets
      Receivables arising from
          securities broking             89,614             (133)         89,481           (10,045)       (79,228)        208


      Liabilities
      Payables arising from
          securities broking             16,986             (133)         16,853            (5,638)               –    11,215


      As at 31 December 2018


      Assets
      Receivables arising from
          securities broking           100,341              (509)         99,832           (10,681)       (89,151)          –


      Liabilities
      Payables arising from
          securities broking             20,154             (509)         19,645           (10,681)               –     8,964


      *        The item “collateral received” represents the securities pledged in the clients’ account which are
               not recognised in the consolidated statements of financial position. The amounts are capped at
               the lower of the market value of securities and the net receivable amounts on a client by client
               basis.




                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED          209      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019




53.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                     2019         2018
                                                                                  HK$’000      HK$’000

      NON-CURRENT ASSETS
      Property, plant and equipment                                                 20,072           974
      Investments in subsidiaries                                                5,000,792     5,000,792
      Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                    4,903        75,270

                                                                                 5,025,767     5,077,036

      CURRENT ASSETS
      Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                      606           430
      Amounts due from subsidiaries                                              5,234,144     4,499,110
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                     23,396         1,208

                                                                                 5,258,146     4,500,748

      CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Other payables and accruals                                                    5,738         3,435
      Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                7,459,880     4,642,946
      Amounts due to related parties                                                     –        22,644
      Lease liabilities                                                              9,985             –

                                                                                 7,475,603     4,669,025

      NET CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                    (2,217,457)   (168,277)

      TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                      2,808,310     4,908,759


      EQUITY
      Share capital                                                                143,821       143,571
      Reserves (note)                                                            1,966,576     2,451,268

                                                                                 2,110,397     2,594,839

      NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Loans from ultimate holding company                                          687,688       821,460
      Promissory notes                                                                   –     1,492,460
      Lease liabilities                                                             10,225             –

                                                                                   697,913     2,313,920

                                                                                 2,808,310     4,908,759




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      210      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019




53.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
      Note:

      The movement of the Company’s reserves are as follows:

                                                                        Shares             Share
                                                            Share         to be         options      Capital Accumulated
                                                         premium        issued           reserve     reserve      losses       Total
                                                          HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000

      As at 1 January 2018                                594,347        20,441           19,319          –       (68,952)    565,155
      Loss and total comprehensive
         expense for the year                                   –             –                –          –        (4,570)      (4,570)
      Acquisition of assets through
         acquisition of subsidiaries                     1,295,402            –                –     586,594            –    1,881,996
      Issue of shares                                        8,768       (8,943)               –           –            –         (175)
      Exercise of shares options                             8,862            –           (4,265)          –        4,265        8,862


      As at 31 December 2018 and 1 January 2019          1,907,379       11,498           15,054     586,594      (69,257)   2,451,268
      Loss and total comprehensive
         expense for the year                                   –             –                –          –      (484,442)   (484,442)
      Issue of shares                                      11,248       (11,498)               –          –             –        (250)

      As at 31 December 2019                             1,918,627            –           15,054     586,594     (553,699)   1,966,576




                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED               211      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             For the year ended 31 December 2019




54.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES
      Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:


                                Place of
                                incorporation/
                                establishment           Issued     Effective equity interest
                                registration   ordinary share/          attributable to      Place of    Principal
      Name of subsidiary        and business registered capital         the Group (%)        operation   activity
                                                                         2019         2018


      Realord Asset        Hong Kong                  HK$10,000           100          100 Hong Kong     Investment holding
        Management Limited                       ordinary shares

      Citibest                  BVI                   US$50,000           100          100 Hong Kong     Investment holding
                                                 ordinary shares


      Realord Ventures          BVI                    US$1,000           100          100 Hong Kong     Investment holding
        Limited                                  ordinary shares


      Manureen Ventures         BVI                    US$1,000           100          100 Hong Kong     Investment holding
       Limited                                   ordinary shares


      Realord Investment        BVI                    US$1,000           100          100 Hong Kong     Investment holding
        Limited                                  ordinary shares


      Bright Success Inc.       BVI                       US$1            100            – Hong Kong     Investment holding
        (note 42a)                               ordinary share


      Capital Conference        Hong Kong             HK$10,000           100          100 Hong Kong     Provision of
        Services Limited                         ordinary shares                                           conference
                                                                                                           services


      Capital Financial Press   Hong Kong           HK$800,000            100          100 Hong Kong     Commercial printing
        Limited                                  ordinary shares


      Concept Star              Hong Kong                  HK$2           100          100 Hong Kong     Property investment
       Corporation Limited                       ordinary shares


      Easy Bloom                Hong Kong                 HK$1            100          100 Hong Kong     Property investment
        Investment Limited                       ordinary share                                            and investment
                                                                                                           holding




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED           212      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019




54.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)


                              Place of
                              incorporation/
                              establishment           Issued     Effective equity interest
                              registration   ordinary share/          attributable to      Place of    Principal
      Name of subsidiary      and business registered capital         the Group (%)        operation   activity
                                                                       2019         2018


      Qualiti Printing and    Hong Kong          HK$3,750,000           100          100 Hong Kong     Trading of hangtags,
       Sourcing Limited                        ordinary shares                                           labels and shirt
                                                                                                         paper boards

      Realord Asia Pacific    Hong Kong       HK$153,000,000            90.1         100 Hong Kong     Provision of
        Securities Limited                    ordinary shares                                            securities broking
        (Formerly known as                                                                               services and
        Realord Manureen                                                                                 margin financing
        Securities Limited)


      Realord Vehicle Parts   Hong Kong             HK$10,000           100          100 Hong Kong     Distribution and sale
        Limited                                ordinary shares                                           of motor vehicle
                                                                                                         parts


      Excellent Well (H.K.)   Hong Kong                 HK$1            100          100 Hong Kong     Property investment
        Limited                                ordinary share


      Realord Environmental Hong Kong          HK$21,046,110            60.3          60 Hong Kong     Investment holding
        Protection                             ordinary shares                                           and trading of
                                                                                                         scrap materials


      Strabens Hall         Hong Kong           HK$45,000,000           100          100 Hong Kong     Provision of securities
        (Hong Kong) Limited                    ordinary shares                                           advisory and asset
                                                                                                         management
                                                                                                         services


      Absolute Holdings       Hong Kong                 HK$1            100            – Hong Kong     Property investment
       Limited (note 42a)                      ordinary share


      Optima Capital          Hong Kong         HK$10,000,000             60           – Hong Kong     Provision of
       (note 41a)                              ordinary shares                                           securities broking,
                                                                                                         securities advisory
                                                                                                         and financial
                                                                                                         advisory services



                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED         213      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019




54.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)


                           Place of
                           incorporation/
                           establishment           Issued      Effective equity interest
                           registration   ordinary share/           attributable to      Place of    Principal
      Name of subsidiary   and business registered capital          the Group (%)        operation   activity
                                                                     2019         2018


      Manureen Finance     Hong Kong             HK$10,000            100          100 Hong Kong     Money lending
       Limited                              ordinary shares


      偉祿商業（深圳）             The PRC        Paid-up capital of          100          100 The PRC       Trading of electronic
       有限公司                                  HK$36,000,000                                             products and
                                                                                                       computer
                                                                                                       components/
                                                                                                       property investment


      深圳市偉祿商業控股            The PRC        Paid-up capital of          100          100 The PRC       Property investment
       有限公司                                  RMB32,000,000


      前海美林融資租賃（深圳） The PRC                Paid-up capital of          100          100 The PRC       Provision of
       有限公司                                   US$6,506,880                                             financial leasing
                                                                                                       services


      前海偉祿跨境電子商務           The PRC        Paid-up capital of          100          100 The PRC       Development and
      （深圳）有限公司                              HK$115,000,000                                            sale of
                                                                                                      e-commerce
                                                                                                      platform/trading
                                                                                                      of products


      冠彰電器（深圳）             The PRC        Paid-up capital of          100          100 The PRC       Property investment
       有限公司                                  HK$30,000,000


      廣西梧州市通寶              The PRC        Paid-up capital of         60.3           60 The PRC       Dismantling and
       再生物資有限公司                               HK$3,570,000                                             trading of scrap
                                                                                                       materials


      廣東偉祿汽車零件             The PRC        Paid-up capital of          100          100 The PRC       Distribution and sale
       有限公司                                  RMB40,000,000                                             of motor vehicle
                                                                                                       parts




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        214      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019




54.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)


                            Place of
                            incorporation/
                            establishment           Issued      Effective equity interest
                            registration   ordinary share/           attributable to      Place of    Principal
      Name of subsidiary    and business registered capital          the Group (%)        operation   activity
                                                                      2019         2018


      深圳市偉祿科技控股             The PRC        Paid-up capital of          100          100 The PRC       Property investment
       有限公司                                   RMB50,000,000                                             and trading of
                                                                                                        scrap materials


      深圳市夏浦光電技術             The PRC        Paid-up capital of          100          100 The PRC       Property investment
       有限公司                                   RMB50,000,000


      Shenzhen Yousheng     The PRC        Paid-up capital of           51            – The PRC       Property
        (note 42b)                            RMB20,000,000                                             development


      Realord Environmental Japan              JPY90,000,000          54.3            – Japan         Dismantling and
        Protection Japan                     ordinary shares                                            trading of scrap
        Co, Ltd.                                                                                        materials

      The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors
      of the Company, principally affected the results for the year or formed a substantial portion
      of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of
      the directors of the Company, result in particulars of excessive length.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED         215      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




54.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      The Group includes three subsidiaries (2018: one subsidiary) with material non-controlling
      interests (“NCI”), the details and the summarised financial information, before intragroup
      eliminations, are as follows:

      Realord Environmental Protection


                                                                                      2019        2018
                                                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000

      Proportion of ownership interests and
        voting rights held by the NCI                                                39.7%         40%


      Current assets                                                                591,192     657,926
      Non-current assets                                                             28,978      27,607
      Current liabilities                                                           443,415     548,561
      Non-current liabilities                                                         3,831       2,027


      Net assets                                                                    172,924     134,945


      Carrying amount to NCI                                                         69,323      53,978


      Revenue                                                                       525,003     483,194
      Expenses                                                                     (494,684)   (432,121)


      Profit for the year                                                            30,319      51,073
      Other comprehensive income for the year                                         1,536       1,088


      Total comprehensive income for the year                                        31,855      52,161


      Profit attributable to NCI                                                     12,011      20,429


      Total comprehensive income attributable to NCI                                 12,694      20,864


      Dividend paid to NCI                                                                –           –


      Net cash flows from operating activities                                       32,628       9,041
      Net cash flows used in investing activities                                    (9,274)   (208,853)
      Net cash flows from financing activities                                        4,603     177,313


      Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                           27,957     (22,499)




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      216      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




54.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      Optima Capital
                                                                                            2019
                                                                                         HK$’000

      Proportion of ownership interests and voting rights held by the NCI                    40%


      Current assets                                                                       25,196
      Non-current assets                                                                   46,799
      Current liabilities                                                                   8,694
      Non-current liabilities                                                              12,634


      Net assets                                                                           50,667


      Carrying amount to NCI                                                               20,267


                                                                                             From
                                                                                    30 April 2019
                                                                                          (date of
                                                                                   acquisition) to
                                                                                     31 December
                                                                                              2019
                                                                                         HK$’000

      Revenue                                                                              25,241
      Expenses                                                                            (24,502)


      Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                                      739


      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to NCI                               296


      Dividend paid to NCI                                                                      –


      Net cash flows used in operating activities                                            (109)
      Net cash flows used in investing activities                                             (22)
      Net cash flows from financing activities                                                 87


      Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                               (44)




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      217      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




54.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      Shenzhen Yousheng
                                                                                            2019
                                                                                         HK$’000

      Proportion of ownership interests and voting rights held by the NCI                    49%


      Current assets                                                                    1,623,680
      Non-current assets                                                                      122
      Current liabilities                                                                  33,837

      Net assets                                                                        1,589,965


      Carrying amount to NCI                                                              772,289

                                                                                             From
                                                                                      22 May 2019
                                                                                          (date of
                                                                                   acquisition) to
                                                                                     31 December
                                                                                              2019
                                                                                         HK$’000

      Revenue                                                                                    –
      Expenses                                                                              (3,888)

      Loss for the year                                                                     (3,888)
      Other comprehensive expense for the year                                                (496)

      Total comprehensive expense for the year                                              (4,384)


      Loss attributable to NCI                                                              (1,905)


      Total comprehensive expense attributable to NCI                                       (2,148)


      Dividend paid to NCI                                                                       –



      Net cash flows from operating activities                                              5,379

      Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                             5,379




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      218      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




55.   EVENTS AFTER REPORTING PERIOD
      Subsequent to 31 December 2019, the Group has the following significant events:


      (i)    After the outbreak of Coronavirus Disease 2019 (the “COVID-19 outbreak”) in early
             2020, a series of precautionary and control measures have been and continued to be
             implemented across the regions in which the Group has business operations. The
             Group will pay close attention to the development of the COVID-19 outbreak and
             evaluate its impact on the financial position and operating results of the Group.


      (ii)   On 3 April 2020, a subsidiary of the Company entered into a facility agreement with an
             independent third party, pursuant to which the Group has agreed to grant a loan of
             HK$80,000,000 to the independent third party. The loan is unsecured, interest-bearing
             at fixed rate of 10% per annum and repayable after eighteen months from the
             drawdown date.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      219      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                    FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION
A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial
years as extracted from the audited financial statements are summarized below. The 2015 figures
were restated upon the reclassification of property segment as reportable operating segment.

                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                            2019         2018          2017         2016        2015
Results                                  HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000

Revenue                                   828,898      811,039       762,959      209,784      207,732

(Loss)/Profit before income tax          (430,745)     555,949       166,281      208,175       48,346

Income tax credit/(expense)                26,056      (172,238)      (55,060)   (128,078)     (15,707)

(Loss)/Profit for the year               (404,689)     383,711       111,221       80,097       32,639


(Loss)/Profit attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                  (415,529)     363,282         93,254      80,097       32,427
  Non-Controlling interests                10,840       20,429         17,967           –          212

                                         (404,689)     383,711       111,221       80,097       32,639

                                                             As at 31 December
                                            2019         2018           2017        2016        2015
Assets and Liabilities                   HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000

Non-current assets                      9,504,662     9,409,334     1,513,429    1,248,567     680,463
Current assets                          3,078,285     2,012,335       662,063      359,279     456,574

Total assets                           12,582,947    11,421,669     2,175,492    1,607,846   1,137,037

Current liabilities                       819,864       933,835      461,501      299,181      236,550
Non-current liabilities                 8,543,793     7,555,408      609,993      410,568       46,075

Total liabilities                       9,363,657     8,489,243     1,071,494     709,749      282,625

Net assets                              3,219,290     2,932,426     1,103,998     898,097      854,412


Equity attributable to owners of
  the Company                           2,345,095     2,878,448     1,070,392     898,097      854,412
Non-controlling interests                 874,195        53,978        33,606           –            –

                                        3,129,290     2,932,426     1,103,998     898,097      854,412




                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   220   ANNUAL REPORT 2019
MAJOR PROPERTIES HELD AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2019


Particulars of the major properties held by the Group at the end of the reporting period are as
follows:


                                                                                            Attributable
                                                                                           interest of the
Location                                 Use/Status            Type             Tenure             Group


Hong Kong


House No.25, Villa Bel-Air,                 Self-use     Residential           Medium               100%
  Bel-Air on the Peak,                                                        term lease
  Island South,
  No.25 Bel-Air Peak Rise,
  Hong Kong


House No.8, Villa Bel-Air,                   Vacant      Residential           Medium               100%
  Bel-Air on the Peak,                                                        term lease
  Island South,
  No. 8 Bel-Air Peak Rise,
  Hong Kong


Mainland China


The industrial complex at                    Rental       Industrial           Medium               100%
  No. 5 Fuye Road,                                                            term lease
  Zhangkengjing Community,
  Guanlan Jie Dao,
  Longhua District,
  Shenzhen,
  the PRC


The Properties located in                    Rental       Industrial           Medium               100%
  Qiankeng Industrial Zone,                                                   term lease
  Fumin Community,
  Guanlan Jie Dao,
  Longhua District,
  Shenzhen,
  the PRC




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   221   ANNUAL REPORT 2019
MAJOR PROPERTIES HELD AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2019



                                                                                         Attributable
                                                                                        interest of the
Location                              Use/Status            Type             Tenure             Group


A block of commercial/                    Rental           Mix of               Long             100%
 apartment building,                                   residential         term lease
 all retail shops and car                                     and
 parking spaces of                                    commercial
 Realord Villas,
 Luhu Community,
 Guanlan Jie Dao,
 Longhua District,
 Shenzhen,
 the PRC


Realord Technology Park,                  Vacant      Commercial            Medium               100%
 Dongzhou Community,                                                       term lease
 Guangming Jie Dao,
 Guangming District,
 Shenzhen,
 the PRC




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   222   ANNUAL REPORT 2019
