（於百慕達註冊成立之有限公司）           (Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)
 股份代號 : 1196              Stock Code: 1196




         年 度 報 告   2020                          Annual Report               2020
CONTENTS
Corporate Information                                                       2
Chairman’s Statement                                                        3
Overview of Shenzhen Projects Development                                   8
Management Discussion and Analysis                                         10
Biographical Details of the Directors of the Company
  and Senior Management of the Group                                       25
Report of the Directors                                                    27
Corporate Governance Report                                                45
Environmental, Social and Governance Report                                52
Independent Auditor’s Report                                               77
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss                                   85
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income    86
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                               87
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                89
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                       91
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                             93
Five Year Financial Highlights                                            218
Major Properties Held as at 31 December 2020                              219
                         CORPORATE INFORMATION


BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                    PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Executive Directors                                   Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
Lin Xiaohui (Chairman)                                Chong Hing Bank Limited
Su Jiaohua (Chief Executive Officer)                  Guangdong Huaxing Bank
Lin Xiaodong                                          Guangzhou Rural Commercial Bank
                                                      United Overseas Bank Limited
                                                        Hong Kong Branch
Independent Non-executive Directors
Yu Leung Fai
                                                      PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
Fang Jixin
                                                      TRANSFER OFFICE
Li Jue
                                                      MUFG Fund Services (Bermuda) Limited
                                                      4th Floor North
AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                      Cedar House
Yu Leung Fai (Chairman)                               41 Cedar Avenue
Fang Jixin                                            Hamilton HM12
Li Jue                                                Bermuda

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
Li Jue (Chairman)                                     REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
Lin Xiaohui                                           Tricor Tengis Limited
Yu Leung Fai                                          Level 54, Hopewell Centre
                                                      183 Queen’s Road East
NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                  Wanchai, Hong Kong
Lin Xiaohui (Chairman)
Yu Leung Fai                                          HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
Fang Jixin                                            OF BUSINESS
                                                      Suites 2403-2410
COMPANY SECRETARY                                     24/F, Jardine House
Chan Chu Kin                                          1 Connaught Place
                                                      Central, Hong Kong

LEGAL ADVISER
                                                      REGISTERED OFFICE
Michael Li & Co.
                                                      Clarendon House
                                                      2 Church Street
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
                                                      Hamilton HM 11
Grant Thornton Hong Kong Limited
                                                      Bermuda
Level 12, 28 Hennessy Road
Wanchai, Hong Kong
                                                      STOCK CODE
                                                      1196


                                                      COMPANY WEBSITE
                                                      http://www.realord.com.hk


                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   02      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                         CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Dear Shareholders,


It is my pleasure to report the financial results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020.


RESULTS
During the year under review, the Group recorded a total revenue of approximately HK$869.3
million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 4.9% (2019: approximately HK$828.9
million). Gross profit increased by around 6.9% year-on-year to approximately HK$201.1 million
(2019: approximately HK$188.1 million). Consolidated net profit after income tax achieved a
turnaround and amounted to approximately HK$892.3 million (2019: a net loss after income tax of
approximately HK$404.7 million). Based on the weighted average of 1,438,209,880 shares in issue
during the year, basic earnings per share was HK61.55 cents (2019: basic loss per share of HK28.89
cents).


The significant improvement in the Group’s net profit was mainly attributable to a net gain on fair
value changes of the Group’s investment properties of approximately HK$2,463.4 million during
the year under review (2019: a net loss on fair value changes of approximately HK$202.6 million).
The significant amount of net gain on fair value changes of the Group’s investment properties was
mainly attributable to the appreciation in value of the Group’s property located in Qiankeng
Industrial Zone, Longhua District of Shenzhen, the PRC (the “Qiankeng Property”), of which the
approval in principle in respect of the proposed urban redevelopment plan thereon involving a
change in land use from industrial to residential use was granted by the relevant government
authority in August 2020.


The gain was partially offset by (i) the income tax expenses of approximately HK$557.7 million
(2019: income tax credit of approximately HK$26.1 million) mainly as a result of the deferred
taxation arising from the net gain on fair value changes of investment properties; and (ii) the net
exchange loss of approximately HK$318.6 million incurred (2019: net exchange gain of
approximately HK$91.6 million) mainly due to the appreciation of Renminbi (“RMB”) against Hong
Kong dollars (“HK$”) which was arisen from the remeasurement of liabilities of the Group
denominated in RMB upon translation to HK$ at the report date; and (iii) the increase in finance
costs by approximately HK$96.3 million mainly resulted from the increase in bank borrowings for
the year under review. The gain on re-measurement of previously held interests in an associate of
approximately HK$709.4 million and the loss on early redemption of promissory notes of
approximately HK$439.8 million as recorded for the financial year 2019 were not recurred during
the year under review.


DIVIDEND
The Directors do not recommend the payment of interim and final dividend (2019: Nil) for the year
ended 31 December 2020. Total dividend for the year is nil (2019: Nil).




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   03    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                         CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


OUTLOOK
The outbreak of COVID-19 started from early 2020 and the prevail of the pandemic throughout the
year has proved to cast unprecedented impacts and disruptions on business sentiments and
financial markets worldwide. Although there were signs showing that the global economy has been
slowly emerging from the collapse triggered by COVID-19 pandemic, the recovery in 2021 is likely
to be prolonged and subdued given the arise of variants of the epidemic and pandemic control may
pose uncertainties. Moreover, the stance on China-US relations under the new United States
administration is yet to be indicated after the completion of the United States presidential election
in late 2020.


Properties investment has been one of the major development strategies for the Group’s overall
business deployment and development goal. Currently, the Group holds certain investment
properties in Shenzhen, the PRC, including but not limited to the two major projects namely
Realord Villas in Longhua District, and Realord Technology Park in Guangming District. We saw
new development progress in our property projects despite the challenges cast by the COVID-19
pandemic during the year under review. Renovation works of the business apartment building and
shopping mall “Realord Mall” of our Realord Villas Project, which were initially scheduled to
commence in June 2020, were delayed with a current target to complete by the third quarter of
2021. Nonetheless, leasing of the investment properties of Realord Villas Project continued, and
there were a number of newly signed tenants included renowned supermarket, chained
convenience store, restaurants, pharmacy store and laundry shop. Potential tenants such as big
catering groups are also in talks. For the Realord Technology Park, the Group has submitted the
application of land extension of Phase II of the project to the related government authorities. Phase
I of the Realord Technology Park, which comprises office buildings, is planned to develop along
with Phase II when the government approval is granted.


We expect that the development of the Group’s property projects will be further bolstered by the
PRC government’s development plan towards Shenzhen in the years to come. In particular, the
Group sees enormous potential in the investment value of urban renewal projects in Shenzhen.
Apart from the two abovementioned property projects, the Group also engaged in the investment
of three urban renewal projects in major administrative districts in Shenzhen, namely Guanzhang
Electronic Factory Urban Renewal Project (“Qiankeng Property”), Laiying Garden Urban Renewal
Project (“Laiying Garden”) and Qianhai Weilu Cross-Border Logistic Park Urban Renewal Project
(“Zhangkengjing Property”). The redevelopment plan of Qiankeng Property, which is regarded as
a major renewal project of Longhua District, was principally agreed by the Urban Renewal Bureau
in August 2020. The Group has been approved as the authorised developer of the project by the
related government authorities in January 2021. Demolition of the existing factory and
infrastructures has commenced, while selection of design and construction proposals has been
carrying out by the Group in the first quarter of 2021. In regard of Laiying Garden situated at
Nanshan District, demolition of the existing residential units and infrastructures has been
scheduled to commence in the second half of 2021. Meanwhile, application of change of land use of
Zhangkengjing Property from industrial to commercial and residential for redevelopment purpose
is still under review by relevant government authorities.



                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   04    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                         CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


It is also the Group’s development strategy to build a one-stop financial services platform with
competitive advantage on branding and market positioning at the Greater Bay Area. During the
reporting period, the financial services segment became the major revenue growth driver among
the business segments, and operation of such business saw a well-rounded improvement. In
particular, the Group recorded exceptional performance in its primary market business and
secondary market business during the year under review through actively participating in IPO
projects as joint bookrunner and underwriter and achieving a favourable growth in brokerage fees
resulted from a significant growth in securities transaction volume, respectively. A fourfold
increase in the number of newly opened securities accounts was also recorded. Moreover, corporate
finance advisory services are provided mainly by Optima Capital which is a 60%-owned subsidiary
since April 2019.


Driven by various financial measures adopted in different places worldwide to stimulate economic
recovery such as quantitative easing and expansionary fiscal policy, coupled with the market
sentiment towards the China-US economic tensions which potentially drives US-listed Chinese
companies to get listed in Hong Kong, the Group remains positive about the prospects of Hong
Kong financial and IPO markets in 2021 despite the challenges and uncertainties that may still
emerge in the capital market during the gradual recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. The
Group will continue its efforts to expand its footprint in the Hong Kong primary and secondary
markets, and to enhance the variety of investment products and geographical markets in achieving
a more comprehensive portfolio in the year to come.


Remained to be the Group’s major revenue contributor during the year, the EP segment reported a
slight drop in sales revenue due to more stringent environment protection policy implemented in
the PRC, and achieved lower procurement and sales volume of scrap materials as affected by the
COVID-19 pandemic. In response to the implementation of the PRC government policy, metal scrap
materials processing of the Group has been relocated to our processing plant in Japan since 2019,
and as a result the operational costs of our EP segment surged as compared to that being carried
out in the PRC in previous years. Meanwhile, processing and sales volume were lower due to
country lockdown and suspension of labour force in Malaysia during the pandemic. Net profit
recorded a significant year-on-year drop due to higher operational costs and a slide in copper price.


Following the expansion of the scale of its processing plant in Osaka, Japan in 2020, the Group
believes that production and processing capabilities of the operation plant would be largely
enhanced with additional site area and infrastructures in place. The Group expects that higher and
more stable sourcing and processing capacity, and greater variety of product offerings could be
further achieved in the near future.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   05    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                         CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Looking into 2021, the Group endeavors to broaden its sourcing network, while increase the
varieties and markets of its clientele. The Group is exploring opportunities to conduct business
with certain state-owned enterprises in the PRC, and investigating the potential of markets such as
Indonesia and the Philippines. The Group will also look into alternatives particularly when the
pandemic recovery takes place, such as deploying additional operation points in Kyushu in Japan,
and seeking suitable venue options to develop a processing plant for smelting scrap materials with
an aim to further lessen operational costs and improve profitability while sustain growth of the EP
business.


Demand of motor vehicle parts remained stable as more consumers inclined to have repair to
initiatives to their vehicles in lieu of purchasing new ones during the year. Following the
development strategy to expand the scale of its MVP business, the Group was able to secure
sufficient product supplies before the COVID-19 outbreak, hence it succeeded to maintain a stable
product supply to retaining old customers while attracting new customers despite the challenges
brought by the COVID-19 pandemic such as tight containers supply and delayed shipments. A
growth in sales revenue was achieved thereby for the MVP segment. In 2021, the Group will
continue its efforts on increasing MVP sales while maintaining the stability of its procurement
network amid the challenges brought by COVID-19 pandemic.


The Group sees potential threats and challenging outlook for both the commercial printing industry
and hangtag industry in the mid- to long-run. The Group will continue to evaluate such business
operations in the year to come, and implement cost-controlling measures whenever necessary.


The Group believes that the relatively volatile business environment due to the prolonged
pandemic will continue to affect the Group’s businesses to certain extent in 2021. Nonetheless, the
Group remains cautiously optimistic towards the post-pandemic rebound as a result of new and
stronger initiatives to combat the COVID-19 pandemic, such as the emergence of vaccines and more
stringent controlling measures carried out in different countries. Amidst the potential uncertainties
due to the global pandemic and China-US tensions, the Group is optimistic that there are still
ample development opportunities for its various business segments in 2021. The Group will
continue to adopt a prudent approach in achieving steady business development while exploring
suitable strategic investment opportunities with an aim to maximise the returns to its Shareholders.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   06    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                          CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


APPRECIATION
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to all our staff for
their dedication and contributions, and to our customers, suppliers and business associates, and
most importantly our shareholders for their unwavering support to the Group amid the
challenging operational environment.




By Order of the Board
Lin Xiaohui
Chairman


Hong Kong, 22 March 2021




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    07    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
OVERVIEW OF SHENZHEN PROJECTS DEVELOPMENT



NANSHAN DISTRICT
1. Laiying Garden (萊英花園) Urban Renewal Project (known as “Laiying Garden”)
   Laiying Garden is the Group’s first high-rise residential
and commercial property development project in Nanshan
District, Shenzhen, which will be developed into a residential
and commercial complex comprising residential units,
apartments, retail shops and entertainment and leisure
facilities. It is located in Nanshan Science and Technology
Park and financial district, and is only approximately 700
meters away from the Hi-Tech Park Station (高新園站) of
Shenzhen Metro Line 1.


LONGHUA DISTRICT
2. Guanzhang Electronic Factory (冠彰電器廠) Urban Renewal Project (known as “Qiankeng Property”)
                                                Guanzhang Electronic Factory Urban Renewal Project,
                                             which is situated at Fucheng Jie Dao, Longhua District,
                                             Shenzhen, is a residential project being implemented and
                                             developed by the Group in Longhua District. The project is
                                             an affordable commodity housing project (residential/
                                             commercial) of which land use was changed from industrial
                                             use to residential use. It is proximate to the Zhucun Station
                                             (竹村站) of the northern extension of Shenzhen Metro Line 4
                                             which is under construction, therefore it is expected to be
                                             benefited from the urban renewal in Longhua District.

3. Realord Villas (偉祿雅苑) – Realord Mall (偉祿購物中心) (previously named as “偉祿Vcity”)
    Realord Villas is the Group’s first residential and
commercial complex project in Longhua District, Shenzhen. It
is located on Huanguan South Road, Guanhu Jie Dao, Longhua
District, Shenzhen, and is conveniently situated less than 100
meters away from the High-tech Zone East Station (高新區東
站) of Shenzhen Tram which is connected to Shenzhen Metro
Line 4. The project, with a total gross floor area of
approximately 230,000 square meters, comprises 2,016
residential units, a business apartment building, a shopping
mall, retail shops and car parking spaces, of which, the
residential units are the corporation talent housing allocated
and sold by the government, while the business apartment
building, shopping mall, retail shops and car parking spaces with a gross floor area of approximately 51,039
square meters are held by the Group. Realord Mall, the shopping mall inside Realord Villas, will be the
Group’s first community mall project which is built as a business and shopping center that integrates local
amenities, entertainment and leisure, parent-child education and specialty food and beverage experience, in
order to create a warm and convenient space for a better community life.


                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED     08     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
OVERVIEW OF SHENZHEN PROJECTS DEVELOPMENT


4. Qianhai Weilu Cross-Border Logistic Park (前海偉祿跨境物流園) Urban Renewal Project
   (known as “Zhangkengjing Property”)
                                               Zhangkengjing Project is an industrial property held by
                                            the Group located at Zhangkengjing, Longhua District,
                                            Shenzhen. In February 2017, the Group made an application
                                            to 龍華區城市更新局 (Longhua District Urban Renewal
                                            Bureau) to change the land use of the project from industrial
                                            use to residential apartments and commercial use. According
                                            to the notice issued by the government authority, the
                                            application is being processed and reviewed by the relevant
                                            authorities and is still under review as at the reporting date.
                                            The property is currently used for leasing purpose.


GUANGMING DISTRICT
5. Realord Technology Park (偉祿科技園)
   Realord Technology Park Project is located at Guangming
Jie Dao, Guangming District, Shenzhen, occupying a site area
of approximately 20,000 square meters. Phase 1 of the project
consists of an office building with a gross floor area of
approximately 60,000 square meters. It is proximate to the
Fenghuang Town Station (鳳凰城站) of Shenzhen Metro Line
6. In light of the trend of developing high-end industries and
the fact that Guangming District is being developed as a
regional innovation hub in Shenzhen, and in order to seize
the opportunities brought about by the development of
high-tech industry, the Group intends to position the park as an integrated venture platform which
provides comprehensive one-stop services to high-tech small and medium enterprises.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    09     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The principal activities of the Group during the year under review included property investment
and development and commercial operation (the “Property Segment”); financial services, included
corporate finance advisory, asset management, securities brokerage services, margin financing and
money lending (the “Financial Services Segment”); environmental protection industry, mainly
dismantling, processing, trading and sales of scrap materials (the “EP Segment”); distribution and
sales of motor vehicle parts (the “MVP Segment”); financial printing, digital printing and other
related services (the “Commercial Printing Segment”); and sales of hangtags, labels, shirt paper
boards and plastic bags (the “Hangtag Segment”).


Overall Financial Review
During the year under review, the Group recorded a total revenue of approximately HK$869.3
million, representing an increase of approximately 4.9% as compared to that of the last year of
approximately HK$828.9 million. The Group recorded a profit of approximately HK$892.3 million
for the year as compared to that of a loss of approximately HK$404.7 million for the last year.


The Group’s revenue during the year under review was mainly contributed by the EP Segment, the
MVP Segment and the Financial Services Segment. Revenue contributed by the EP Segment, the
MVP Segment and the Financial Services Segment represented approximately 62.6%, 18.3% and
9.4% of the total revenue of the Group, respectively. The remaining revenue of the Group was
contributed by the Commercial Printing Segment of approximately 8.4% and the Property Segment
of 1.3% respectively. The revenue of the Hangtag Segment was minimal to the Group. The Group’s
increase in revenue during the year under review was mainly due to the increase in revenue from
the Financial Services Segment by approximately HK$41.3 million and the MVP Segment by
approximately HK$52.3 million as compared to that of the last year. However, such increase in the
overall Group’s revenue was partially offset by the decrease in revenue in the EP Segment by
approximately HK$48.1 million and the Commercial Printing Segment by approximately HK$5.1
million. Reasons for the changes in the relevant segment revenues are set out in the sections below.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   10    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The consolidated net profit after income tax of the Group for FY2020 amounted to approximately
HK$892.3 million, as compared to a net loss after income tax of approximately HK$404.7 million in
FY2019. The significant improvement in the Group’s results was mainly attributable to a net gain
on fair value changes of the Group’s investment properties of approximately HK$2,463.4 million
during FY2020 as compared to a net loss on fair value changes of approximately HK$202.6 million
in FY2019. The significant amount of net gain on fair value changes of the Group’s investment
properties was mainly attributable to the appreciation in value of the Group’s property located in
Qiankeng Industrial Zone, Longhua District, Shenzhen, the People’s Republic of China (the
“Qiankeng Property”), of which the approval in principle in respect of the proposed urban
redevelopment plan thereon involving a change in land use from industrial to residential use was
granted by the relevant government authority in August 2020. The abovementioned effect on the
Group’s results for the FY2020 was partially offset by (i) the income tax expense of approximately
HK$557.7 million charged for the FY2020 (FY2019: income tax credit of approximately HK$26.1
million) mainly as a result of the deferred taxation arising from the net gain on fair value changes
of investment properties; and (ii) the net exchange loss of approximately HK$318.6 million incurred
for the FY2020 (FY2019: net exchange gain of approximately HK$91.6 million) mainly due to the
appreciation of Renminbi (“RMB”) against Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”) which was arisen from the
remeasurement of liabilities of the Group denominated in RMB upon translation to HK$ at the
report date; and (iii) the increase in finance costs by approximately HK$96.3 million for the FY2020
as compared to the FY2019 mainly resulted from the increase in bank borrowings. The gain on
re-measurement of previously held interests in an associate of approximately HK$709.4 million and
the loss on early redemption of promissory notes of approximately HK$439.8 million as recorded in
the Group’s consolidated statement of profit or loss for the FY2019 were not recurred in the
FY2020.


FINANCIAL REVIEW FOR EACH SEGMENT
The Property Segment
The revenue of the Property Segment was mainly generated from the rental income of the Group’s
investment properties. In FY2019, the Group generated aggregate rental income of approximately
HK$10.6 million, while in FY2020 the revenue from this segment recorded a gentle increase to
approximately HK$10.9 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.0%. During the year
under review, the Group offered a rent reduction period to tenants in the PRC following the
outbreak of COVID-19. However, the increase in the number of tenants in, and hence the rental
income from Realord Villas outweighed the effect of such rent reduction.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   11    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The Property Segment recognised a significant growth in segment profit by approximately 28 times
on a year-on-year basis, whereby a segment profit of approximately HK$2,050.8 million was
generated in FY2020 as compared to that of approximately HK$73.3 million recorded in FY2019.
The increase was mainly due to the overall revaluation gain of the Group’s investment properties
of approximately HK$2,463.4 million during FY2020 (FY2019: revaluation loss of approximately
HK$202.6 million). The net increase in the fair value of investment properties of approximately
HK$2,463.4 million for FY2020 was mainly attributable to an appreciation in value of the Qiankeng
Property of which the approval in principle in respect of the proposed urban redevelopment plan
thereon involving a change in land use from industrial to residential use was granted by the
relevant government authority in August 2020. Apart from that, the property market in the PRC
was relatively stable following the recovery of economy of the PRC from the COVID-19 pandemic
whereas the property market in Hong Kong experienced a slight decline as affected by the
prevailing COVID-19 pandemic during FY2020. The gain on re-measurement of previously held
interests in an associate of approximately HK$709.4 million as recorded were not recurred in the
FY2020.


The Financial Services Segment
The revenue from the Financial Services Segment reached approximately HK$82.1 million in
FY2020, which was doubled from that of approximately HK$40.9 million in FY2019. The significant
growth was mainly attributable to (i) the consolidation of full year results of Optima Capital
Limited (“Optima Capital”) in FY2020 as compared to that of eight-month results in FY2019 since
the completion of the acquisition of 60% issued share capital thereof in April 2019; and (ii) the
Group’s provision of more comprehensive services to its customers, such as placing agent,
underwriting services as joint bookrunner of certain initial public offering (“IPO”) projects as well
as margin financing services and money lending. The segment recorded an operating profit of
approximately HK$6.1 million for FY2020 as compared to that of approximately HK$12.6 million in
FY2019. The decrease in profit was mainly due to the provision for expected credit loss of
approximately HK$22.5 million in FY2020 as compared to that of reversal of provision for expected
credit loss of approximately HK$2.9 million in FY2019. The significant increase in the provision
was mainly attributable to the commencement in provision of money lending services to
individuals in FY2020.


The Group, together with 5 other independent third parties, had also applied for the approval from
the China Securities Regulatory Commission (“CSRC”) of the establishment of a security company
in Guangzhou Pilot Free Trade Zone, which is currently under review of CSRC. The Company will
update the shareholders with the progress of the application when and as appropriate.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   12    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The EP Segment
Since tightening control policy implemented by the PRC government continued in FY2020 in
relation to imports of scrap materials, the Group persisted its strategy to establish its solid scrap
material sourcing and processing operations overseas, including Malaysia and Japan. During
FY2020, revenue from the EP segment reduced by approximately 8.1% to approximately HK$544.1
million (FY2019: approximately HK$592.2 million). It was mainly attributable to an overall drop in
copper price throughout the year and lockdown of cities in the PRC, Malaysia and Japan following
the outbreak of COVID-19, which limited the sales activities of the Group in FY2020. The operating
profit for the EP Segment for the year also reduced by approximately 70.9% to HK$13.0 million
from that of approximately HK$44.7 million recorded in the previous year, which was mainly
attributable to the high startup and production cost incurred by Realord Environmental Protection
Japan Co. Ltd. (“Realord EP Japan”) and the decline in copper price during the year under review.


The MVP Segment
Despite the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic, the MVP Segment maintained a stable supply to its
customers, which was benefited by the Group’s efforts on securing its motor vehicle parts supply
since late FY2019. As a result, the revenue of MVP Segment raised by approximately 48.8% in
FY2020 to HK$159.3 million (FY2019: HK$107.0 million). Notwithstanding the increase in revenue,
the profit was decreased from approximately HK$10.1 million in FY2019 to approximately HK$6.4
million in FY2020. It was mainly due to the reversal of provision of expected credit loss of HK$7.0
million in FY2019 resulting from better credit control exercised on receivables collection in FY2019,
of which the effect was not recurred in FY2020.


The Commercial Printing Segment
The uncertain business environment caused by the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic in FY2020 has
adversely affected the capital market sentiment, and hence reduced the demand for our services,
which hindered the business development efforts of the Group to improve its profitability. As such,
the revenue from the Commercial Printing Segment decreased by approximately 6.6% to
approximately HK$72.7 million in FY2020 (FY2019: HK$77.9 million). The Group maintained a
marginal operating profit of approximately HK$0.4 million in FY2020 (FY2019: HK$0.7 million).


The Hangtag Segment
The revenue contribution of the Hangtag Segment to the Group was relatively minimal at
approximately HK$0.2 million in FY2020 (FY2019: HK$0.3 million). The operating loss derived from
this segment was relatively minimal during both years of FY2019 and FY2020.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    13   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Others
The Group invests in listed securities in Hong Kong for trading purpose and other club and school
debentures in Hong Kong. As at 31 December 2020, the financial assets at fair value through profit
or loss amounted to approximately HK$15.3 million. The total net realised gain on the disposal of
financial assets at fair value through profit and loss amounted to approximately HK$2.8 million for
FY2020.


Liquidity, Financial Resources and Capital Structure
The Group generally finances its operations with internally generated cash flow, cash reserve,
banking facilities and facility provided by the ultimate holding company. The Group is financially
sound with healthy cash position. Its cash and bank balances as at 31 December 2020 amounted to
approximately HK$1,268.3 million (31 December 2019: HK$585.1 million) which were mainly
denominated in HK$ and RMB (31 December 2019: HK$ and RMB).


The gearing ratio of the Group as at 31 December 2020 was approximately 309.6% (31 December
2019: 369.1%), based on the interest-bearing borrowings denominated in HK$ and RMB (31
December 2019: HK$ and RMB) of approximately HK$10,852.2 million (31 December 2019:
HK$8,656.7 million) and divided by the equity attributable to the owners of the Company of
approximately HK$3,505.5 million as at 31 December 2020 (31 December 2019: HK$2,345.1 million).
The interest-bearing bank borrowings carried interest rate ranging from 2.15% to 7.60% per annum
(31 December 2019: 2.15% to 7.60% per annum) with maturity ranging from within 1 year to 30
years (31 December 2019: within 1 year to 30 years).


The Directors consider that the Group’s cash holding, liquid assets, future revenue, available
banking facilities and the facility provided by the ultimate holding company will be sufficient to
fulfill the present working capital requirements of the Group.


Foreign Exchange
Most of the transactions of the Group were denominated in Hong Kong dollars, US dollars, Euro,
Japanese Yen and Renminbi; while the Group held cash of approximately RMB516.5 million
reserved for operating and treasury purpose as at 31 December 2020.


The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from exposure in the US dollars, Euro,
Japanese Yen and Renminbi against Hong Kong dollars. The management has continuously
monitored the level of exchange rate exposure and used foreign currency forward contracts for
hedging purpose during the year ended 31 December 2020. The Group did not use any financial
instruments for hedging purpose as at 31 December 2020.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   14    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Financial Guarantees and Charges on Assets
As at 31 December 2020, corporate guarantees amounting to approximately HK$9,860.2 million (31
December 2019: HK$7,720.1 million) were given to banks by the Company for the provision of
general banking facilities granted to its subsidiaries. Among which corporate guarantees
amounting to approximately HK$9,655.0 million (31 December 2019: HK$7,430.4 million) were
given to banks in the PRC by the Company for the provision of general banking facilities granted
to its PRC subsidiaries. Besides, the general banking facilities granted by the banks to the
subsidiaries of the Company were secured by legal charges on certain investment properties and
leasehold land and buildings owned by the Group with a total net book value of approximately
HK$11,839.2 million (31 December 2019: HK$8,024.8 million) and approximately HK$365.7 million
(31 December 2019: HK$354.4 million).


BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK
The outbreak of COVID-19 started from early 2020 and the prevail of the pandemic throughout the
year has proved to cast unprecedented impacts and disruptions on business sentiments and
financial markets worldwide. Although there were signs showing that the global economy has been
slowly emerging from the collapse triggered by COVID-19 pandemic, the recovery in 2021 is likely
to be prolonged and subdued given the arise of variants of the epidemic and pandemic control may
pose uncertainties. Moreover, the stance on China-US relations under the new United States
administration is yet to be indicated after the completion of the United States presidential election
in late 2020.


The Group believes that the relatively volatile business environment due to the prolonged
pandemic will continue to affect the Group’s businesses to certain extent in 2021. Nonetheless, the
Group remains cautiously optimistic towards the post-pandemic rebound as a result of new and
stronger initiatives to combat the COVID-19 pandemic, such as the emergence of vaccines and more
stringent controlling measures carried out in different countries. Amidst the potential uncertainties
due to the global pandemic and China-US tensions, the Group is optimistic that there are still
ample development opportunities for its various business segments in 2021. The Group will
continue to adopt a prudent approach in achieving steady business development while exploring
suitable strategic investment opportunities with an aim to maximise the returns to its Shareholders.


Set out below is the review and outlook of each segment of the Group’s business.


The Property Segment
Short-term rent concessions had been given by the Group to certain tenants of the Group’s
investment properties in view of the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly during the first half of 2020
when there was prevail lockdown in a number of PRC cities.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   15    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The Group holds certain investment properties in Shenzhen, the PRC, including but not limited to
that located in Realord Villas in Longhua District and that located in Realord Technology Park,
Guangming District during the reporting period. Both investment properties are located in
administrative districts which had been designated for speedy economic development by the local
PRC government. The development of these properties is expected to be further bolstered by the
PRC government’s development plan for the districts in the years to come.


•    Realord Villas Project
     The Group holds commercial properties in Realord Villas Project, comprising a business
     apartment building, a shopping mall known as “Realord Mall”, retail shops, car parking
     spaces and other related facilities. Following the operation commencement of the northern
     extension (Qinghu Station - Niuhu Station) of Shenzhen Metro Line 4 in October 2020, it is
     expected that the accessibility of Realord Villas Project would be further enhanced given it is
     conveniently situated less than 100 meters away from the High-tech Zone East Station of
     Shenzhen Tram which is connected to Shenzhen Metro Line 4. Moreover, accessibility of the
     Project may be further optimized in the future, given that Guanhu Station of the proposed
     Shenzhen Urban Rail Line 22, as suggested by the “Detailed Traffic Plan of Shenzhen Urban
     Rail Line 22” compiled by the Shenzhen Municipal Bureau of Planning and Natural
     Resources in April 2020, will be situated adjacent to “Realord Mall”.


     The renovation works of the business apartment building and shopping mall, which were
     initially scheduled to commence in June 2020, were delayed during the year as a result of the
     COVID-19 outbreak and are targeted to complete in the third quarter of 2021. Leasing of the
     investment properties is underway. Signed tenants included renowned supermarket, chained
     convenience store, restaurants, pharmacy store and laundry shop. Potential tenants such as
     big catering groups are also in talks.


•    Realord Technology Park
     Realord Technology Park is positioned to become an integrated venture capital platform in
     incubating innovative enterprises. According to the outline plan (《深圳市人民政府關於支持
     光明科學城打造世界一流科學城的若干意見》) drafted by the Shenzhen Municipal Planning
     and Natural Resources Bureau and Guangming District Government in April 2020, the
     Shenzhen Municipal People’s Government supports to build a “Guangming Science City” in
     Guangming District. By 2025, the 99-square-kilometer science city is expected to take shape
     as a world-class science city gathering a number of world-class scientific facilities and
     innovative enterprises, and is projected to be a core functional area of the Guangdong-Hong
     Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area international innovation and technology hub. Located at
     Guangming District and proximate to the Fenghuang Town Station of Shenzhen Metro Line 6
     inaugurated in August 2020, Realord Technology Park would be well-positioned to seize
     potential development opportunities arise in that area.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   16    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     The Group has submitted the application of land extension of Phase II of the Realord
     Technology Park to the related government authorities. Phase I of the Realord Technology
     Park, which comprises office buildings, is planned to develop along with Phase II when the
     government approval is granted.


•     Urban Renewal Projects
     1.     Qiankeng Property (Guan Zhang Electronic Factory) – Urban Renewal Project
            The Qiankeng Property was acquired by the Group in June 2016. With the application
            submitted to Shenzhen Longhua District Urban Renewal Bureau on the change of land
            use from industrial to commercial and residential for redevelopment purpose in May
            2017, the Group obtained the agreement in principle from relevant government
            authorities in respect of the Qiankeng Property in early 2020 that such redevelopment
            would be changed from indemnificatory housing to affordable commodity housing.
            The redevelopment plan of Qiankeng Property, which is regarded as a major renewal
            project of Longhua District, was principally agreed by the Urban Renewal Bureau in
            August 2020. The Group has been approved as the authorised developer of the project
            by the related government authorities in January 2021. Selection of design and
            construction proposals has been carrying out by the Group in the first quarter of 2021.
            Demolition of the existing factory and infrastructures has commenced in the first
            quarter of 2021.


     2.     Laiying Garden – Urban Renewal Project
            The Group was selected by relevant stakeholders as the market developer of the
            redevelopment of Laiying Garden located in Nanshan District, Shenzhen. Demolition
            of the existing residential units and infrastructures will be commenced in the second
            half of 2021.


     3.     Zhangkengjing Property
            The Group acquired the Zhangkengjing property in September 2015, and applied to
            change its land use from industrial to commercial and residential for redevelopment
            purpose in February 2017. The application is being reviewed by the relevant
            government authorities as at the reporting date. Property units are currently used for
            rental purpose.


The Financial Services Segment
With its development strategy of building a one-stop financial services platform with competitive
advantage on branding and market positioning at the Greater Bay Area, the Group has committed
to provide diversified financial services, included Hong Kong securities brokerage and margin
financing, IPO bookrunner and underwriting, shares placing, asset and wealth management, money
lending and etc. during the reporting period. Corporate finance advisory services are also provided
mainly by Optima Capital which is a 60%-owned subsidiary since April 2019.



                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   17   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


During the reporting period, the financial services segment has been the major revenue growth
driver among other business segments, and operation of such business saw a well-rounded
improvement. Realord Asia Pacific Securities Limited took an active role in the primary market in
2020, and participated in 10 IPO projects as joint bookrunner and underwriter and 9 international
placing projects. In regard of its secondary market business, there was a significant growth in
securities transaction volume, which has led to a favourable year-on-year growth in brokerage fees.
A fourfold increase in the number of newly opened securities accounts was also recorded.
Meanwhile, strengthened margin financing services has resulted in higher interest income during
the reporting period. For the asset management arm, a new investment fund was launched in the
first half of 2020.


Stock market performance in Hong Kong during the year has shown strong resilience despite
challenges brought by the COVID-19 outbreak. Driven by financial measures adopted in different
places worldwide to stimulate economic recovery such as quantitative easing and expansionary
fiscal policy, coupled with the market sentiment towards the China-US economic tensions which
potentially drives US-listed Chinese companies to get listed in Hong Kong, the Group remains
positive about the Hong Kong financial and IPO markets in 2021. The Group will continue its
efforts to expand its footprint in the Hong Kong primary and secondary markets, and to enhance
the variety of investment products and geographical markets in achieving a more comprehensive
portfolio in the year to come. Meanwhile, with an aim to further improve user experience and raise
brand awareness, the Group is in the course of optimizing its software systems in relation to
securities transaction while expanding its sales and marketing force.


The EP Segment
The EP segment remained to be the Group’s major revenue contributor during the year. Sales
revenue recorded a slight drop due to more stringent environment protection policy implemented
in the PRC, and lower procurement and sales volume of scrap materials achieved by the Group as
affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The PRC government has adopted a new legislation
concerning the “Prevention and Control of Solid Waste Pollution in China” (《中華人民共和國固體
廢物污染環境防治法》) since September 2020, whereby all solid waste including waste metals,
amongst others, are prohibited from importation into China in order to achieve zero import of solid
waste by the end of 2020. Consequently, the permit for importation of “Type 6 scrap copper
materials” to China was no longer available. In response to the implementation of the PRC
government policy, metal scrap materials processing of the Group has been relocated to our
processing plant in Japan since FY2019, and as a result the operational costs of our EP segment
surged as compared to that being carried out in the PRC in previous years. Meanwhile, processing
and sales volume were lower due to country lockdown and suspension of labour force in Malaysia
during the pandemic. Net profit recorded a significant year-on-year drop due to higher operational
costs and a slide in copper price.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   18   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


In facilitating the growth of its EP business and expanding overseas EP network, the Group has set
up Realord EP Japan in Osaka, Japan in 2019, with operation of dismantling, processing, trading
and sales of scrap materials commenced. To expedite its operation scale, Realord EP Japan has
entered into a service agreement, a lease agreement and a purchase agreement respectively with
Tsugawa Metal Co., Ltd. (“Tsugawa Metal”) in May 2020 in providing processing and dismantling
services by 41 workers and related technical and logistics support, leasing 3 pieces of land with an
aggregate GFA of approximately 16,000 square meters and buildings and infrastructure erected
thereon (collectively, the “Leased Assets”), and purchasing fixed assets comprising 33 machinery
items. Due to the change of Leased Assets’ ownership of Tsugawa Metal to Japan Ulan Holdings
Limited (“Japan Ulan”), Realord EP Japan has entered into a termination agreement with Tsugawa
Metal to terminate the relevant lease agreement, and entered into a new lease agreement with
Japan Ulan in relation to the continued lease of the Leased Assets, and the lease of additional site
area (amounted to a total GFA of 19,609 square meters with the original 3 land parcels as stipulated
in the relevant lease agreement) and infrastructure on the same land parcels in connection with the
existing production site in November 2020. With such initiative that follows its development
strategy of expanding the scale of EP operation in Japan, the Group believes that production and
processing capabilities of the operation plant in Japan would be largely enhanced with additional
site area and infrastructures in place.


Looking into 2021, the Group endeavors to broaden its sourcing network, while increase the
varieties and markets of its clientele. The Group is exploring opportunities to conduct business
with certain state-owned enterprises in the PRC, and investigating the potential of markets such as
Indonesia and the Philippines. Meanwhile, with the operation of its processing plant in Japan on
track, the Group expects that higher and more stable sourcing and processing capacity, and greater
variety of product offerings could be further achieved. The Group will also look into alternatives
particularly when the pandemic recovery takes place, such as deploying additional operation
points in Kyushu in Japan, and seeking suitable venue options to develop a processing plant for
smelting scrap materials with an aim to further lessen operational costs and improve profitability
while sustain growth of the EP business.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   19    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The MVP Segment
Demand of such motor vehicle parts remained stable as more consumers inclined to have repair
initiatives to their vehicles in lieu of purchasing new ones during the year. The MVP Segment saw
a moderate growth in revenue yet a drop in segment profit during the reporting period. With
countries underwent lockdown, borders and ports closed, and more COVID-19 precautionary
measures for imported goods in place and quarantine measures implemented (particularly to the
motor vehicle parts importing from the European countries) under the COVID-19 outbreak,
containers supply has become tight with shipments delayed, hence a timely product supply has
become more challenging. Following its development strategy to expand the scale of its MVP
business, the Group was able to secure sufficient product supplies before the COVID-19 outbreak,
hence it succeeded to maintain a stable product supply to retaining old customers while attracting
new customers despite the pandemic. A growth in sales revenue was achieved thereby for the MVP
segment. As the Group closely monitored the account receivables turnover, a quicker turnover rate
was achieved during the COVID-19 pandemic. However, such measure resulted in lower net profit
margin.


In 2021, the Group will continue its efforts on increasing MVP sales while maintaining the stability
of its procurement network amid the challenges brought by COVID-19 pandemic.


The Commercial Printing Segment
Fundraising activities of small and medium-sized corporates in the capital market were affected
and delayed during the COVID-19 pandemic. Number of IPO customers for the Group’s
Commercial Printing Segment dropped slightly which has cast certain impacts to the segment
revenue and profit during the reporting period. Increasing cost control pressure from customers
has also led to slimmer profit for the Commercial Printing Segment.


The Group sees potential threats, particularly rising operation costs, for the commercial printing
industry in the mid- to long-run. Moreover, capital market uncertainties and the recovery of
business activities from the COVID-19 pandemic in 2021 may also cast unforeseeable impacts to the
commercial printing business. The Group will continue to evaluate the business segment and
implement cost-controlling measures whenever necessary.


The Hangtag Segment
In view of the sluggish market demand and dim outlook of the Hangtag Segment, the Group will
continue to assess the continuity of the business operation in the year to come.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
The Group has no significant contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2020.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   20    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


EVENTS AFTER REPORTING PERIOD
On 15 May 2020, Realord Asia Pacific Securities Limited, a non wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Company, intended to make, on behalf of the Company, a voluntary conditional cash offer (the
“Offer”) to acquire all the issued shares of The Sincere Company, Limited (“Sincere”), a listed
company in Hong Kong (stock code: 0244). The making of the Offer is still subject to the
satisfaction or waiver (as the case may be) of certain pre-conditions (the “Pre-Conditions”). As at
the date of this report, save for Pre-Condition (ii) in relation to the no-bid confirmation having been
obtained, all the Pre-Conditions remain outstanding. In relation to Pre-Condition (i), the
applications to the Insurance Authority for the requisite approval of the proposed change of
“controllers” (within the meanings of the Insurance Ordinance) were duly made and all necessary
submissions and applications for the fulfilment of Pre-Condition (i) on the part of the Company
have been made by the Company. On 25 February 2021, a corresponding application with regard to
such proposed change of “controllers” was submitted by legal advisor of Sincere to the Insurance
Authority.


For further details, please refer to the joint announcements of the Company and Sincere dated 15
May 2020, 5 June 2020, 17 June 2020, 17 July 2020, 4 August 2020, 4 September 2020, 6 October 2020,
6 November 2020, 7 December 2020 and 7 January 2021, respectively, and the announcements
issued by the Company dated 9 February 2021, 26 February 2021 and 10 March 2021, respectively,
and the circular of the Company dated 23 July 2020, in relation to, among other matters, the Offer.


Further announcement(s) setting out the progress and any material developments in relation to the
Offer will be made as and when necessary in accordance with the Listing Rules and the Takeovers
Code and/or on a monthly basis until the despatch of the offer document of the Offer.


PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
Concentration risk
The five largest customers of the Group contributed approximately 49.4% of the total turnover of
the Group for the year; while the five largest suppliers of the Group contributed approximately
74.7% of the total purchases of the Group for the year. The concentration of sales and purchases on
certain customers and suppliers may pose risk to the Group operation in that failure in any of these
customers and suppliers may have adverse financial effect on the Group.


Credit risk
The account receivables/receivables arising from securities broking/loan receivables amounted to
HK$769.8 million as at 31 December 2020, which comprise trade receivables amounted to HK$449.4
million, receivables arising from securities broking amounted to HK$163.4 million and loan
receivables amounted to HK$157.1 million.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    21    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The receivables arising from securities broking comprise balances receivable from cash client and
margin client. The cash clients are required to place deposits before execution of any purchase
transactions and are due within the settlement period which are usually within a few days from the
trade date. The credit risk arising from the amounts due from cash clients is considered to be low.
The amounts due from margin clients are repayable on demand and the margin clients are required
to place securities and/or cash deposits as collateral. On a daily basis, the management monitored
market conditions and adequacy of collateral of each margin client. Margin calls and forced
liquidation are made where necessary.


The trade receivables are normally granted with credit terms; while the loan receivables are
granted based on the clients’ credit quality and will be repaid according to the agreed date of
repayment. The Group recognises a loss allowance for the expected credit losses (“ECL”) on the
account receivables to reflect credit risk. However, the default or significant increase in credit risk
of any of these clients would adversely impact the financial results and position of the Group.


Market risk
Investment properties
The Group held significant assets classified as investment properties for earning rental income and
capital appreciation. Revaluation of investment properties would be conducted regularly by
independent qualified professional valuers at reporting date and any surplus/deficiency was
recorded as fair value gain or loss in the statement of profit or loss. Fair value of investment
properties could be affected by a number of factors, such as property market condition, interest
rate, political environment, etc. The change in fair value could significantly affect the financial
results and position of the Group.


Financial assets
The Group held certain financials assets for trading purpose, the fluctuation in stock price of the
portfolio of listed securities could significantly affect the profitability of the Group. According to
the HKFRSs, the gain/loss on listed securities should be booked as fair value gain or loss on
financial assets at fair value through profit or loss in the statement of profit or loss. The fluctuation
in stock price could impact the Group’s profitability. The directors will closely monitor the stock
market and make changes to the investment portfolio in order to maximize shareholders’ return.


LAWS AND REGULATIONS
Laws and regulations in relation to the financial services sector, environmental protection sector
and workplace quality may have a material effect on the Group’s principal activities.


Operation in regulatory sector
The Financial Services Segment of the Group operates in a highly regulated sector. The risk of non-
compliance with regulatory requirements could lead to the loss of operating licenses.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   22   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The EP Segment of the Group operates under relevant environmental protection regulations,
non-compliance with the regulatory requirements changes will affect the Group’s operation
significantly. Therefore, we make it a top priority to stay up to date on new laws and regulations,
and to ensure compliance with the relevant rules and regulations. The Group has implemented
policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with the most relevant laws and
regulations.


We did not identify any material non-compliance or breach of the relevant regulations for our
financial services business and environmental protection business.


Workplace Quality
The Group believes that continued business success relies on the full contribution and support of
our employees. We are dedicated to promoting equal opportunities for all of our employees in
different areas, including recruitment, compensation and benefits, training, staff promotion,
transfer, and dismissal. All employees are assessed based on their ability, performance and
contribution, irrespective of their nationality, race, religion, gender, age or family status.


The Group is committed to the health, safety and welfare of our employees. We pledge full
compliance in all occupational health and safety legislations and we have implemented an effective
and safe working environment for our employees.


We did not identify any material non-compliance or breach of labour or other relevant legislations.


Environmental Protection
The Group is committed to protecting and sustaining the environment through reduced
consumption of electrical power and paper. We are committed to upholding high environmental
standards to fulfill relevant requirements under applicable laws or ordinances.


We did not identify any material non-compliance or breach of relevant standards, rules and
regulations on air and greenhouse gas emission, discharges into water and land, generation of
hazardous or non-hazardous water, etc.


RELATIONSHIP WITH EMPLOYEES
The Group recognises employees as the most important assets of the Group. The contribution and
support of employees are valued at all times. The Group regularly reviews the remuneration
policies according to the market benchmarks, financial results and individual performance of
employees. Other staff benefit plans are provided to enhance the employees’ loyalty and
satisfaction.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    23     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


RELATIONSHIP WITH SUPPLIERS
Fair and Open Competition
The Group promotes fair and open competition that aims to develop long term relationships with
suppliers based on mutual trust.


Public Interest and Accountability
The procurement from suppliers or service providers is conducted in a manner consistent with the
highest ethical standards. This helps assure high products quality at all times to gain the
confidence of customers, suppliers and the public.


Procurement and Tendering Procedures
The contracting of services and the purchase of goods are based solely on need, quality and price.
This ensures compliance with procurement policies and fosters positive and open competition.


RELATIONSHIP WITH CUSTOMERS AND CLIENTS
Customer Services
The Group seeks to provide efficient and courteous customer service to maintain customer
satisfaction and co-operation. Customers have access to information about the operation and
development of the Group through annual reports and the company website. The Group shall not
make any misrepresentation, exaggeration or overstatement.


ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL POLICIES
Details of the environmental and social policies of the Group are set out in the Environmental,
Social and Governance Report on pages 52 to 76.


EMPLOYMENT AND REMUNERATION POLICIES
As at 31 December 2020, the Group had a total workforce of 273, of whom 149, 99 and 25 were
based in Hong Kong, the PRC and Japan. Remuneration packages are generally structured by
reference to market terms and individual qualifications, experience and merits. Salaries are
normally reviewed on an annual basis and bonuses, if any, will be based on performance appraisals
and other relevant factors. Staff benefits plans maintained by the Group include mandatory
provident fund scheme, share option scheme and medical insurance.


SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND SERVICES AND ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY
Corporate Social Responsibility has become common practice. The Group cares to save energy,
reduce waste during our day-to-day operations, and to protect the environment by implementing a
series of measures in energy conservation and paper recycling etc.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED     24   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
    BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF THE DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY
           AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT OF THE GROUP

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Dr. Lin Xiaohui (“Dr. Lin”), aged 47, obtained a post-graduate diploma in business administration
from the Society of Business Practitioners in December 2013, a Master degree of business
administration from the City University College of Science and Technology in September 2014 and a
Honorary Doctorate degree of Business Administration from the SABI University in August 2015.
Since 2005, Dr. Lin has held management positions in a number of private companies in which he has
shareholding interests, and these companies are mainly engaged in real estate, electronics, logistics
and financial investment in Shenzhen. Dr. Lin is a member of the Committee of Shenzhen City of the
Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference and a member of the Committee of Futian District,
Shenzhen City of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference. Dr. Lin is the spouse of
Madam Su and the brother of Mr. Lin Xiaodong. Dr. Lin joined the Group in June 2014.


Madam Su Jiaohua (“Madam Su”), aged 48, obtained the advanced diploma in business studies
from Ashford College of Management & Technology Singapore in September 2012. Since 2005,
Madam Su has held management positions in a number of private companies in which she has
shareholding interests, and these companies are mainly engaged in real estate, electronics, logistics
and financial investment in Shenzhen. Madam Su also served as a member of the People’s Congress
of Futian District, Shenzhen City since April 2012, and a member of the People’s Congress of Shenzhen
City since May 2015. Madam Su is the spouse of Dr. Lin. Madam Su joined the Group in June 2014.


Mr. Lin Xiaodong (“Mr. Lin”), aged 38, obtained a Bachelor of Commerce and Administration in
Commercial Law and International Business from the Victoria University of Wellington, New
Zealand in 2007. He has worked in the Branch Office of Shenzhen Municipal Office of the State
Administration of Taxation* (深圳市國家稅務局直屬分局) from 2007 to 2009. He has undertaken
various managerial roles in a company owned by Dr. Lin and Madam Su since 2009. Mr. Lin
Xiaodong is the brother of Dr. Lin. Mr. Lin Xiaodong joined the Group in June 2014.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Yu Leung Fai (“Mr. Yu”), aged 44, was appointed as an independent non-executive director of
the Company in 2014 and has over 20 years of experience in corporate services field. He was an
auditor of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu from 2000 to 2001. Since 2001, Mr. Yu has joined Fung, Yu &
Co. CPA Limited and is currently the company’s Managing Partner. Mr. Yu has also been the
company secretary of Beijing Media Corporation Ltd. (Hong Kong stock code: 01000), Yuanda
China Holdings Limited (Hong Kong stock code: 02789) and Sany Heavy Equipment International
Holdings Limited (Hong Kong stock code: 00631), and the independent non-executive director of
Dowway Holdings Limited (Hong Kong stock code: 08403) all of which are listed companies in
Hong Kong, since 2010, 2012, 2017 and 2019, respectively. Mr. Yu graduated from the University of
Toronto with a bachelor’s degree in commerce in 2000 and from the University of London with a
bachelor’s degree in law in 2005. He is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants, Certified Practicing Accountants of Australia and the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants.


*   For identification purpose only

                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   25   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
    BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF THE DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY
           AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT OF THE GROUP

Mr. Fang Jixin (“Mr. Fang”), aged 39, holds a Master degree in Civil and Commercial Law from
Wuhan University. Mr. Fang was a legal assistant and a solicitor in the Shu Jin Law Firm from 2005
to 2008 and in the compliance and management division of China International Capital Corporation
Limited from 2008 to 2012. He has joined Shenzhen City Zhidongli Precise Technology Company
Limited* (深圳市智動力精密技術股份有限公司) since 2012 and is currently the deputy general
manager and secretary to the board (董事會秘書). Mr. Fang joined the Group in June 2014.


Dr. Li Jue (“Dr. Li”), aged 45, graduated in Jilin University School of Law, obtained a Bachelor
degree in Laws in 1997, a Master degree in Civil and Commercial Law in 2001 and a Doctorate
degree in Civil and Commercial Law in 2013. In 2014, Dr. Li joined the post-doctoral research
station jointly established by the Center for Assessment and Development of Real Estate, Shenzhen*
(深圳市房地產評估發展中心) and the Harbin Institute of Technology, PRC, and engaged in
researches relating to the real estate industry. Dr. Li was employed by the Bank of China (Shenzhen
Branch) from 2001 to 2013. Since 2015, Dr. Li has been employed by the School of Finance and
Economics at the Shenzhen Institute of Information Technology. Dr. Li joined the Group in June 2014.


SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. Chan Chu Kin (“Mr. Chan”), aged 42, is the chief financial officer and company secretary of
the Company. Mr. Chan has over 19 years of experience in accounting and finance. Mr. Chan
graduated from the University of New South Wales with a bachelor’s degree in commerce in 2001.
He is a member of the Certified Public Accountants of Australia and fellow member of the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Chan joined the Group in June 2017.




*   For identification purpose only




                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   26   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31
December 2020.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The principal activities of its principal
subsidiaries are set out in note 52 to the consolidated financial statements.


An analysis of the Group’s performance for the year ended 31 December 2020 by business
operating segments and geographical information is set out in note 6 to the financial statements.


RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
The Group’s profit for the year ended 31 December 2020 and the consolidated financial position of
the Group at that date are set out in the consolidated financial statements on pages 85 to 217.


No interim and final dividend have been declared during the years ended 31 December 2020 and
31 December 2019.


FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
A summary of the results, assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five fiscal years is set out
on page 218.


BUSINESS REVIEW
The business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020 is set out in the
“Management Discussion and Analysis” section on pages 10 to 24.


SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the movements in the Company’s share capital during the year ended 31 December 2020
are set out in note 39 to the consolidated financial statements.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   27     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES
During the year ended 31 December 2020, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had
purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Bye-laws or the laws of
Bermuda which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to its
shareholders.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
At 31 December 2020, the Company did not have any reserve available for distribution (2019: nil).


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
The percentages of sales and purchases for the year attributable to the Group’s major customers
and suppliers were as follows:


(1)   The aggregate amount of turnover attributable to the Group’s five largest customers
      represented 49.4% of the Group’s total turnover. The amount of sales to the Group’s largest
      customer represented 22.1% of the Group’s total turnover.


(2)   The aggregate amount of purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers
      represented 74.7% of the Group’s total purchases. The amount of purchases from the Group’s
      largest supplier represented 43.9% of the Group’s total purchases.


None of the directors of the Company, their associates or any shareholder (who, to the best
knowledge of the directors, owns more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital) had any
beneficial interest in the Group’s five largest customers and/or five largest suppliers during the
year ended 31 December 2020.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   28    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS
The directors of the Company during the year were as follows:


Executive directors:
Dr. Lin Xiaohui
Madam Su Jiaohua
Mr. Lin Xiaodong


Independent non-executive directors:
Mr. Yu Leung Fai
Mr. Fang Jixin
Dr. Li Jue


Dr. Lin Xiaohui and Madam Su Jiaohua will retire by rotation and, being eligible, will offer
themselves for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting in accordance with Bye-law
87 of the Company’s Bye-laws.


The independent non-executive directors are not appointed for specific terms but are subject to
retirement by rotation in accordance with the Company’s Bye-laws.


The Company has received annual confirmation of independence from each of the independent
non-executive directors pursuant to rule 3.13 of The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) and as at the date of this report,
still considers them to be independent.


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
No director of the Company as of the date of this report has a service contract with the Company
which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation
other than statutory compensation.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
Saved as disclosed in notes 12 and 46 to the consolidated financial statements, no director nor a
connected entity of a director had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any
transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to the business of the Group to which the
holding company of the Company, or any of the Company’s subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was
a party during the year.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   29   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of
the business of the Group was entered into or existed during the year.


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITION IN
SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES OR DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ITS
ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
As at 31 December 2020, the interests and short positions of the directors and chief executive of the
Company in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571
of the Law of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”) or as otherwise notified to the Company and The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) pursuant to the Model Code for Securities
Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers were as follows:

                                                        Number of shares held
                                                                              Interest from                           Total
                        Personal interests                                  options granted                   interests as%
                                  (held as     Corporate           Spouse       under share          Total    of the issued
Name of directors        beneficial owner)      interests         interests option scheme         interests    share capital

Dr. Lin Xiaohui                         –    1,073,160,000               –                –   1,073,160,000         74.62%
                                                  (Note 1)

Madam Su Jiaohua                        –               –     1,073,160,000               –   1,073,160,000         74.62%
                                                                   (Note 2)

Mr. Lin Xiaodong                        –               –                –        1,000,000      1,000,000            0.07%

Mr. Yu Leung Fai                        –               –                –          500,000        500,000            0.03%

Mr. Fang Jixin                          –               –                –          500,000        500,000            0.03%

Dr. Li Jue                              –               –                –          500,000        500,000            0.03%

Notes:

1.       As at 31 December 2020, Manureen Holdings Limited (“MHL”) was the legal and beneficial owner of
         1,073,160,000 shares. Since Dr. Lin Xiaohui owned 70% of the issued share capital of MHL, he was
         deemed to be interested in 1,073,160,000 shares.

2.       Madam Su Jiaohua, the spouse of Dr. Lin Xiaohui, was deemed to be interested in 1,073,160,000 shares
         which Dr. Lin Xiaohui was deemed to be interested under the SFO as at 31 December 2020.




                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED           30     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2020, none of the directors or chief executive of the
Company had any interests and short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of
the Company or any associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded
in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by
Directors of Listed Issuers.


INTERESTS OF THE SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY
As at 31 December 2020, so far as is known to the directors, the following persons (other than a
director or chief executive of the Company) had interests in the shares or underlying shares of the
Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the
SFO:


                                                                         Number of       Percentage of
Name of shareholder                                     Capacity        shares held      issued capital


MHL                                              Beneficial owner      1,073,160,000            74.62%

Note:

As at 31 December 2020, MHL was the legal and beneficial owner of 1,073,160,000 Shares. MHL was owned as
to 70% by Dr. Lin Xiaohui and as to 30% by Madam Su Jiaohua.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2020, other than the directors and chief executive of the
Company whose interests or short positions are set out in the paragraph headed “Directors’ and
chief executive’s interests and short position in shares, underlying shares or debentures of the
Company or its associated corporations” above, the directors and chief executive of the Company
were not aware of any person who had any interest or short position in the shares or underlying
shares of the Company according to the register of interest required to be kept by the Company
under Section 336 of the SFO.


SHARE OPTION SCHEMES
The share option scheme (the “Scheme”) adopted by the Company was approved by the
shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 10 August 2012 and is effective
for a period of 10 years commencing on 10 August 2012. The purpose of the Scheme is to attract
and retain quality personnel and other persons and to provide them with incentive to contribute to
the business and operation of the Group or any invested entity through granting of options to
eligible participants. Further details of the Scheme are disclosed in note 40 to the consolidated
financial statements.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    31     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Movements of the share options under the share option scheme during the year are as follows:

                                                         Exercise   Outstanding                                           Outstanding
                                                            price          as at     Granted       Exercised    Lapsed         as at 31
                                        Exercise        per share     1 January       during         during     during      December
Name of Grantee         Date of Grant   Period             (HK$)           2020      the year       the year   the year           2020

Directors
Lin Xiaodong               20/5/2015    20/5/2017            4.11      1,000,000           –               –         –       1,000,000
                                          – 19/5/2025

Yu Leung Fai               20/5/2015    20/5/2017            4.11        500,000           –               –         –         500,000
                                          – 19/5/2025

Fang Jixin                 20/5/2015    20/5/2017            4.11        500,000           –               –         –         500,000
                                          – 19/5/2025

Li Jue                     20/5/2015    20/5/2017            4.11        500,000           –               –         –         500,000
                                          – 19/5/2025

                                                                       2,500,000           –               –         –       2,500,000

Directors’ associates
Lin Xiaohong               20/5/2015    20/5/2017            4.11      1,000,000           –               –         –       1,000,000
                                          – 19/5/2025

Su Jiawen                  20/5/2015    20/5/2017            4.11      1,000,000           –               –         –       1,000,000
                                          – 19/5/2025

Lin Yixin                  20/5/2015    20/5/2017            4.11        300,000           –               –         –         300,000
                                          – 19/5/2025

Lin Jingming               20/5/2015    20/5/2017            4.11      1,000,000           –               –         –       1,000,000
                                          – 19/5/2025

                                                                       3,300,000           –               –         –       3,300,000

Other employees
In aggregate               20/5/2015    20/5/2017            4.11      2,000,000           –               –         –       2,000,000
                                          – 19/5/2025

                                                                       2,000,000           –               –         –       2,000,000

                                                                       7,800,000           –               –         –       7,800,000


There was no participant with options granted in excess of the individual limit.




                         REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED             32        ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESSES
None of the directors or any of their respective associates has interest in any business that
competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group, or
has any other conflict of interest with the Group.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
A report on the principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company is set out on
pages 45 to 51.


MATERIAL CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
On 15 May 2020, 偉祿環保株式會社 (translated as Realord Environmental Protection Japan Co., Ltd.
(“Realord EP Japan”)) and 津川金屬株式會社 (translated as Tsugawa Metal Co., Ltd., (“Tsugawa
Metal”)) entered into, among other things, (i) a lease agreement (the “2020 May Lease Agreement”),
pursuant to which Realord EP Japan has agreed to lease from Tsugawa Metal 3 pieces of land with
an aggregate GFA of approximately 16,000 square meters and buildings and infrastructure erected
thereon (collectively, the “Leased Assets”) for a period from 15 May 2020 to 14 November 2021 for
JPY6,400,000 (consumption tax inclusive and equivalent to approximately HK$482,368) per month;
and (ii) a purchase agreement, pursuant to which Realord EP Japan has agreed to purchase the
fixed assets comprising 33 machinery items from Tsugawa Metal at a consideration of
JPY128,083,080 (consumption tax inclusive and equivalent to approximately HK$9,653,622). Realord
EP Japan is effectively owned as to approximately 55.1% by the Company and directly owned as to
10% by Mr. Liu Tao, who is also a director of Realord EP Japan and a majority shareholder holding
60% interests in Tsugawa Metal. Tsugawa Metal is therefore a connected person of the Company at
the subsidiary level under the Listing Rules. Details of the transactions could be referred to the
announcement of the Company dated 15 May 2020.


Due to the change in ownership of the Leased Assets subject to the 2020 May Lease Agreement to
粵麟投資株式会社 (translated as Japan Ulan Holdings Limited (“Japan Ulan”)), on 2 November
2020, Realord EP Japan and Tsugawa Metal entered into the termination agreement to terminate the
2020 May Lease Agreement. On the same date, Realord EP Japan and Japan Ulan entered into the
lease agreement in relation to the continual lease of the Leased Assets originally covered under the
2020 May Lease Agreement and lease of an additional piece of land and infrastructures thereon for
a period from 2 November 2020 to 30 April 2022 for JPY7,870,000 (inclusive of 10% consumption
tax and equivalent to approximately HK$582,774) per month. By virtue of Mr. Lin Sen, being a
director of certain subsidiaries of the Company and the son of Dr. Lin and Madam Su (who are
executive Directors), Japan Ulan (which is owned as to 60% by Mr. Lin Sen) is a connected person
of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Details of the transactions could be
referred to the announcement of the Company dated 2 November 2020.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   33   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
During the year, the Group conducted certain continuing connected transactions with a connected
person (as defined in the Listing Rules) which are required to be disclosed pursuant to Chapter
14A of the Listing Rules.


On 15 May 2019, Realord EP Japan and Tsugawa Metal entered into (i) the lease agreement (“2019
May Lease Agreement”), pursuant to which Realord EP Japan has agreed to lease from Tsugawa
Metal (a) three pieces of land with gross floor area of approximately 10,000 square meters and
buildings executed thereon in Osaka, Japan (the “Land”) and (b) certain fixed assets including
forklifts, claw machines, trucks, motor vehicles and scrap processing machines (the “Fixed Assets”)
for JPY5,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$374,550) in aggregate per month; and (ii) the
service agreement (“2019 Service Agreement”), pursuant to which Tsugawa Metal agreed to
provide the technical services to Realord EP Japan for JPY2,700,000 (equivalent to approximately
HK$202,257) per month with workers’ overtime charge on a hourly rate (if any), for carrying on the
Group’s dismantling and trading of scrap material business in Japan.


To facilitate the expansion of processing plant in Osaka, Japan in order to strengthen the
establishment and productivity in the local Japanese market, on 15 May 2020, Realord EP Japan and
Tsugawa Metal entered into, among other things, the service agreement (“2020 Service
Agreement”), pursuant to which Tsugawa Metal agreed to provide the technical services to Realord
EP Japan for JPY12,300,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$927,051) per month with workers’
overtime charge on a hourly rate (if any). The 2019 Service Agreement has been superseded by the
2020 Service Agreement and it has been early terminated with effect from the date of the 2020
Service Agreement on 15 May 2020.


The 2019 May Lease Agreement, the 2019 Service Agreement, and the 2020 Service Agreement are
together named as the “CCT Agreements”.


Realord EP Japan is effectively owned as to 55.1% by the Company through its indirect 61.3%
owned subsidiary, Realord Environmental Protection Industrial Company Limited, and directly
owned as to 10% by Mr. Liu Tao, who is also a director of Realord EP Japan and a majority
shareholder holding 60% interests in Tsugawa Metal. Tsugawa Metal is therefore a connected
person of the Company at the subsidiary level under the Listing Rules.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   34   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The transactions contemplated under the CCT Agreements constitute continuing connected
transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


THE 2019 MAY LEASE AGREEMENT
Date
15 May 2019


Parties
(i)       Realord EP Japan, as the lessee; and


(ii)      Tsugawa Metal, as the lessor.


Terms of lease
Subject assets                     :   The Land and the Fixed Assets


Term                               :   15 May 2019 to 14 May 2020 (both dates inclusive)


Monthly lease payment              :   JPY5,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$374,550) per
                                       month


                                       The above charge was determined after arm’s length
                                       negotiations between Realord EP Japan and Tsugawa Metal
                                       with reference to the existing rental expenses paid by Tsugawa
                                       Metal to the respective owners of the Land and the Fixed
                                       Assets, which are independent third parties, and where such
                                       rental expenses are not available, the construction costs of the
                                       buildings erected on the Land and the prevailing market
                                       purchase price of the relevant Fixed Assets (consumption tax
                                       inclusive) charged over the estimated useful lives of the subject
                                       assets. Quotations from two independent suppliers were
                                       obtained to compare that the aforementioned rental and
                                       purchase price were no less favourable to the Group than
                                       offered by independent suppliers.


                                       Lease payment shall be payable monthly in advance.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   35     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Early termination               :   Tsugawa Metal has the right to terminate the Lease Agreement
                                    without giving notice to Realord EP Japan in the occurrence of
                                    any of the following events:


                                    (i)     three months of lease payments are delinquent;


                                    (ii)    Realord EP Japan has delayed the lease payment for
                                            more than three times during the lease term; or


                                    (iii)   Realord EP Japan has breached any of the terms in the
                                            lease agreement and failed to correct or remedy in time
                                            after Tsugawa Metal’s written request.


Other terms                     :   Tsugawa Metal has confirmed that it has the rights to use and
                                    lease the Land and the Fixed Assets to Realord EP Japan.


                                    Realord EP Japan is required to obtain a prior written consent
                                    from Tsugawa Metal in the following circumstances:


                                    (i)     construct a new building on the Land;


                                    (ii)    sub-lease the Land and the Fixed Assets, or other acts
                                            with similar purpose;


                                    (iii)   change the purpose of the Land and the Fixed Assets;
                                            and


                                    (iv)    change the existing state of the Land.


                                    A deposit of JPY20,000,000 (equivalent to approximately
                                    HK$1,498,200) has been paid to Tsugawa Metal on the date of
                                    the lease agreement. Upon expiry of the lease term and return
                                    of the subject assets by Realord EP Japan to Tsugawa Metal,
                                    Tsugawa Metal shall, after deduction of any unpaid rent or
                                    damage fee, refund the deposit to Realord EP Japan.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED     36    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


ANNUAL CAPS
The Company has set the annual caps in relation to the lease of the Land and the Fixed Assets
under the 2019 May Lease Agreement as follows:


Period                                                                                     Annual Caps
                                                                                                  HK$


For the year ending 31 December 2019                                                          2,810,000
For the year ending 31 December 2020                                                          1,686,000
   (i.e. from 1 January to 14 May 2020)

The above annual caps were determined by the Directors with reference to the monthly lease
payment for the Land and the Fixed Assets. The actual total lease payment under the 2019 May
Lease Agreement charged during the year was approximately HK$1,488,000.


THE 2019 SERVICE AGREEMENT
Date
15 May 2019


Parties
(i)       Realord EP Japan; and


(ii)      Tsugawa Metal


Terms of service
Services to be provided by        :   The technical services by nine waste copper wires processing
  Tsugawa Metal                       workers and ancillary technical support

Term                              :   1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020 (both dates inclusive)

Monthly service fee               :   JPY2,700,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$202,257) per
                                      month

                                      The above fee was determined after arm’s length negotiations
                                      between Realord EP Japan and Tsugawa Metal with reference
                                      to the salary of nine waste copper wires processing workers
                                      under the technical services, which is lower than the average
                                      income of similar workers in manufacturing industry in Osaka,
                                      Japan based on government statistics.

Overtime charge                   :   JPY1,875 (equivalent to approximately HK$140) per hour and
                                      per worker in the event that the relevant workers are required
                                      by Realord EP Japan to work overtime from 6 p.m. to 10 p.m.



                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   37     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



                                    JPY2,250 (equivalent to approximately HK$169) per hour and
                                    per worker in the event that the relevant workers are required
                                    by Realord EP Japan to work overtime from 10 p.m. to 5 a.m.

                                    The above overtime charge was determined after arm’s length
                                    negotiations between Realord EP Japan and Tsugawa Metal
                                    with reference to the average hourly rate per worker calculated
                                    based on the monthly service fee above assuming each worker
                                    works 8 hours per day and 25 working days per month and the
                                    statutory requirements for overtime compensation according to
                                    労働局 (translated as Labour Bureau) in Japan.

                                    The monthly service fee, together with the overtime charge, are
                                    payable within five Business Days upon receipt of an invoice
                                    from Tsugawa Metal.

Early termination               :   Either party may terminate the service agreement by giving a
                                    15-day prior written notice. However, the parties are still
                                    required to fulfill their obligations and responsibilities under
                                    the service agreement before termination.

Other terms                     :   Tsugawa Metal agreed that the amount of waste copper wires
                                    processed under the service agreement shall be no less than
                                    450 tonnes per month and the average daily amount of waste
                                    copper wires processed shall be no less than 18 tonnes
                                    calculated based on 25 working days per month. If the waste
                                    copper wires provided by Realord EP Japan is less than the
                                    agreed amount, leading to the waste copper wires processed
                                    being less than such agreed amount, the monthly service fee
                                    will remain as JPY2,700,000 (equivalent to approximately
                                    HK$202,257).

                                    Tsugawa Metal warrants that the copper content of each tonne
                                    of processed waste residue shall not exceed 1%.

                                    In the event that the copper content in the processed waste
                                    copper wires deviates from the level specified in the processing
                                    plan as previously agreed by both parties by over 1%, Tsugawa
                                    Metal shall compensate such loss in value of copper content by
                                    Realord EP Japan according to the prevailing copper price in
                                    the Japanese market as at the relevant completion date of
                                    processing.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   38    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


ANNUAL CAPS
The Company has set the annual caps in relation to the technical service under the 2019 Service
Agreement as follows:


Period                                                                                Annual Caps
                                                                                               HK$


For the year ended 31 December 2019                                                       2,314,000
For the year ended 31 December 2020                                                       2,314,000

The above annual caps were determined by the Directors with reference to the monthly service fee
for the technical services and the estimate of workers’ overtime charge to be incurred in the event
that higher average daily amount of waste copper wires at up to 30 tonnes than the agreed 18
tonnes per day abovementioned is processed as a result of possible increase in machines
productivity. The actual total service fee charged under the 2019 Service Agreement was
approximately HK$795,000 for the year ended 31 December 2020.


THE 2020 SERVICE AGREEMENT
Date
15 May 2020


Parties
(i)       Realord EP Japan; and


(ii)      Tsugawa Metal


Terms of service
Services to be provided by        :   The technical services including the processing and
      Tsugawa Metal                   dismantling of scrap materials by 41 workers and related
                                      technical and logistics support


Term                              :   15 May 2020 to 31 December 2021 (both dates inclusive)


Monthly service fee               :   JPY12,300,000 (consumption tax inclusive and equivalent to
                                      approximately HK$927,051) per month (or on a pro-rata basis
                                      based on the number of working days if the relevant period is
                                      less than one month)




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   39     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



                                    The above fee was determined after arm’s length negotiations
                                    between Realord EP Japan and Tsugawa Metal with reference
                                    to the staff costs of 41 workers under the technical services.
                                    The average monthly service fee charged by Tsugawa Metal
                                    per number of workers providing such technical services is (i)
                                    similar to that of the average monthly service fee charged by
                                    Tsugawa Metal per number of workers under the 2019 Service
                                    Agreement; and (ii) lower than the average income of similar
                                    workers in manufacturing industry in Osaka, Japan based on
                                    government statistics.


Overtime charge                 :   (i) For overtime work required by Realord EP Japan during a
                                    business day, (a) 1.25 times of the respective hourly rate for
                                    each worker per hour in the event that the overtime work is
                                    carried out between 6 p.m. and 10 p.m.; and (b) 1.5 times of the
                                    respective hourly rate for each worker per hour in the event
                                    that the overtime work is carried out between 10:01 p.m. and 5
                                    a.m.; and (ii) For overtime work required by Realord EP Japan
                                    during a non-business day, (a) 1.35 times of the respective
                                    hourly rate for each worker per hour in the event that the
                                    overtime work is carried out between 5:01 a.m. and 10 p.m.;
                                    and (b) 1.6 times of the respective hourly rate for each worker
                                    per hour in the event that the overtime work is carried out
                                    between 10:01 p.m. and 5 a.m.


                                    The hourly rate is calculated based on the monthly salary of a
                                    worker and divided by (i) the number of working days during
                                    that month; and (ii) the number of normal working hours per
                                    working day. The overtime charge is determined in accordance
                                    with the statutory requirements for overtime compensation
                                    according to 労働局 (translated as Labour Bureau) in Japan.


                                    The monthly service fee, together with the overtime charge, are
                                    payable within five business days upon receipt of an invoice
                                    from Tsugawa Metal.


Early termination               :   Either party may terminate the service agreement by giving a
                                    15-day prior written notice. However, the parties are still
                                    required to fulfill their obligations and responsibilities under
                                    the service agreement before termination.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   40    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Processed volume                  :   Tsugawa Metal agreed that the volume of scrap materials
  requirements                        processed under the service agreement shall be no less than 1,700
                                      tonnes per month (or on a pro-rata basis based on the number of
                                      working days if the relevant period is less than one month) (the
                                      “Minimum Monthly Volume”). If the scrap materials provided by
                                      Realord EP Japan are less than the agreed volume, leading to the
                                      scrap materials processed being less than such agreed Minimum
                                      Monthly Volume, the monthly service fee will remain as
                                      JPY12,300,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$927,051). Among
                                      the Minimum Monthly Volume required, (i) the copper scrap
                                      materials processed under each of the two copper rice production
                                      lines shall be no less than 350 tonnes each per month and under a
                                      shredding production line shall be no less than 500 tonnes per
                                      month respectively; and (ii) the plastic scrap materials processed
                                      under the other shredding production line shall be no less than
                                      500 tonnes per month. The allocation of the aforesaid minimum
                                      volume of major scrap materials processed and the number of
                                      workers among each of the production lines could be adjusted at
                                      the request of Realord EP Japan.


                                      Tsugawa Metal warrants that the content of processed major
                                      scrap materials in each tonne of processed waste residue shall not
                                      exceed 1%.


                                      In the event that the content in the processed major scrap
                                      materials deviates from the level specified in the processing plan
                                      as previously agreed by both parties by over 1%, Tsugawa Metal
                                      shall compensate such loss in value of processed major scrap
                                      materials to Realord EP Japan according to the respective
                                      prevailing price of processed major scrap materials in the
                                      Japanese market as at the relevant completion date of processing.


Other terms                       :   The 2019 Service Agreement has been superseded by the 2020
                                      Service Agreement and it has been early terminated with effect
                                      from the date of the 2020 Service Agreement on 15 May 2020.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    41    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


ANNUAL CAPS
The Company has set the annual caps in relation to the technical services under the 2020 Service
Agreement as follows:


Period                                                                               Annual Caps
                                                                                              HK$


For the year ended 31 December 2020                                                       8,300,000
  (i.e. from 15 May to 31 December 2020)
For the year ending 31 December 2021                                                     13,300,000

The above annual caps were determined by the Company after having taken into account the term
of the 2020 Service Agreement during the respective financial year, the monthly service fee and the
estimate of overtime charge to be incurred for the technical services. The overtime charge to be
incurred is estimated based on (i) the estimated number of workers’ overtime hours involved to
increase the volume of scrap materials processed from the agreed Minimum Monthly Volume of
1,700 tonnes per month to 1,950 tonnes per month as a result of the potential increase in machines
productivity; and (ii) the average hourly rate per worker for overtime work estimated based on the
monthly service fee for the technical services assuming each worker works eight hours per day and
25 working days per month. The actual service fee charged under the 2020 Service Agreement was
approximately HK$6,102,000 during the year.


Full details of the above continuing connected transactions are set out in the announcements
published by the Company on 15 May 2019 and 15 May 2020 and on the website of the Stock
Exchange.


In accordance with Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, the independent non-executive directors of the
Company reviewed the continuing connected transactions as mentioned above and confirmed that
these transactions were entered into:


(1)   in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;


(2)   on normal commercial terms or better; and


(3)   according to the relevant agreement governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable
      and in the interests of the shareholders of the Group as a whole.


Pursuant to Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Company’s external auditors, Grant Thornton
Hong Kong Limited (“Grant Thornton”) was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing
connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000
(Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial
Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected



                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   42    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants. Grant Thornton has issued an unqualified letter containing findings and
conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed by the Group in the
paragraph above in accordance with rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules. A copy of the auditor’s letter
has been provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange.


Besides, during the year, a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Group, Realord Asia Pacific
Securities Limited (the “Realord APSL”) entered into a financing agreement dated 28 October 2020
with Dr. Lin, Madam Su, Mr. Lin Sen (“Mr. Lin”) and Ms. Lin Na (“Ms. Lin”) (together, the “Lin
Family Members”) in relation to the provision of securities brokerage and margin financing
services (the “Financing Agreement”) from 2021 to 2023. Pursuant to the Financing Agreement,
Realord APSL shall provide the IPO financing services and margin financing services (together, the
“Financing Services”) to the Lin Family Members and their respective majority-owned companies
for a term commencing from 1 January 2021 and ending on 31 December 2023 (both days inclusive).
The annual caps for each of the three financial years ending 31 December 2021, 2022 and 2023 were
set at follows:

                                                           For the year ending 31 December
                                                              2021            2022           2023
                                                        HK$’million     HK$’million    HK$’million

Maximum daily balance of:

– IPO financing
  Dr. Lin                                                      250             250             250
  Madam Su                                                     250             250             250
  Mr. Lin                                                      250             250             250
  Ms. Lin                                                      250             250             250

Total                                                         1,000          1,000            1,000


– Margin financing
  Dr. Lin                                                        20             20              20
  Madam Su                                                        –              –               –
  Mr. Lin                                                        20             20              20
  Ms. Lin                                                        20             20              20

Total                                                            60             60              60


The entering into of the Financing Agreement enables Realord APSL to offer the Financing Services
to the Lin Family Members and their respective majority-owned companies from time to time,
which will allow Realord APSL to retain them as recurrent clients and increase the revenue of
Realord APSL. A larger client portfolio of Realord APSL as a whole would also facilitate Realord
APSL in obtaining more fundings from principal banks to support its business development.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   43   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Dr. Lin and Madam Su are executive Directors and spouse to each other. Dr. Lin and Madam Su
respectively holds 70% and 30% of the equity interests in Manureen Holdings, the controlling
shareholder of the Company. Mr. Lin is a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company
(including Realord APSL), the son of Dr. Lin and Madam Su, and the brother of Ms. Lin. Ms. Lin is
the daughter of Dr. Lin and Madam Su, and the sister of Mr. Lin. By virtue of the aforesaid
relationships of Dr. Lin, Madam Su and Mr. Lin with the Group and Ms. Lin as an associate of each
of them, each of the Lin Family Members is a connected person of the Company under Chapter 14A
of the Listing Rules.


Details of the Financing Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder are set out in the
circular of the Company dated 1 December 2020.


Save as disclosed above and in the section headed “Material Connected Transactions” in this
report, the Company did not have any connected transactions and continuing connected
transactions which were subject to the disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing
Rules during the year. For those related party transactions of the Group during the year as
disclosed in note 46 to the consolidated financial statements, all were connected or continuing
connected transactions (as the case may be) which were fully exempted from the disclosure
requirements for reporting, announcement and independent Shareholders’ approval under Chapter
14A of the Listing Rules. The Company confirmed it has complied with the disclosure requirements
in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the directors,
the Company had maintained a sufficient public float of not less than 25% of the Company’s total
issued shares as required under the Listing Rules throughout the year under review.


AUDITORS
A resolution for the reappointment of Grant Thornton Hong Kong Limited as auditors of the
Company will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting.


For and on behalf of the Board



Lin Xiaohui
Chairman


Hong Kong, 22 March 2021




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   44    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Company is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance practices. In the
opinion of the directors, the Company has complied all code provisions (the “Code Provisions”) in
the Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”) set out in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules for the
year ended 31 December 2020.


DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding directors’ securities transactions on terms
set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
Code”) contained in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules. Having made specific enquiry of all
directors of the Company, they have confirmed compliance with the required standard set out in
the Model Code during the year ended 31 December 2020.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Company is governed by a board of directors (the “Board”) which has the responsibility for
leadership and monitoring of the Company. The directors are collectively responsible for
promoting the success of the Group by directing and supervising the Group’s affairs. The Board set
strategies and directions for the Group’s activities with a view to develop its business and to
enhance shareholders’ value.


The Board met 12 times during the year ended 31 December 2020. Its composition and the
attendance of individual directors at these Board meetings were follows:


                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                  Board meetings
Name                                                                                attended/held


Executive directors
Dr. Lin Xiaohui (Chairman)                                                                  12/12
Madam Su Jiaohua (Chief Executive Officer)                                                  12/12
Mr. Lin Xiaodong                                                                            12/12


Independent non-executive directors
Mr. Yu Leung Fai                                                                            12/12
Mr. Fang Jixin                                                                              12/12
Dr. Li Jue                                                                                  12/12

Dr. Lin Xiaohui and Madam Su Jiaohua are spouses.
Dr. Lin Xiaohui and Mr. Lin Xiaodong are brothers.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   45   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


To the best knowledge of the Company and save as disclosed above, there is no financial, business
and family relationship among members of the Board.


DIRECTORS’ TRAINING
All directors participate in continuous professional development to enhance and refresh their
knowledge and skills. During the year ended 31 December 2020, all directors had provided the
Company their training records. All directors participated in continuous professional development
exercise by way of attending seminars/conferences/forums organised by professional
organisations and keep themselves updates on the roles, functions and duties of a listed company
directors. The trainings attended by the directors are in the area of corporate governance,
regulatory development, financial management or business skills and knowledge. The Company is
of the view that all directors of the Company has compiled with Code Provision A.6.5.


CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
The roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company are separated, with a clear
division of responsibilities to assume a balance of authority and power.


The Chairman is responsible for the leadership of the Board, ensuring its effectiveness in all aspects
of its role and for setting its agenda and taking into account any matters proposed by other
directors for inclusion in the agenda. Through the Board, he is responsible for ensuring that good
corporate governance practices and procedures are followed by the Group.


The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Group’s business.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Group benefits from the experience and expertise of the independent non-executive directors
of the Company. They advise the Company on strategy development and enable the Board to
maintain high standards of compliance of financial and other mandatory requirements. Each
independent non-executive director of the Company gives an annual confirmation of the
independence to the Company and the Company considers them to be independent under Rule
3.13 of the Listing Rules.


All the independent non-executive directors of the Company are not appointed for a specific term
but are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at the Company’s annual general meetings
in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company, which stipulate that one-third of the directors
shall retire from office by rotation so that each director shall be subject to retirement at least once
every three years.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    46    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS
The Board is responsible for the following corporate governance functions:

•    to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and
     make recommendations to the Board;

•    to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors
     and senior management;

•    to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and
     regulatory requirements;

•    to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any)
     applicable to employees and Directors;

•    to review the Company’s compliance with the Code Provisions and disclosure in the
     Corporate Governance Report; and

•    such other corporate governance and functions set out in the Code Provisions (as amended
     from time to time) for which the Board are responsible.

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
During the year ended 31 December 2020, the members of the Remuneration Committee comprised
one executive director and two independent non-executive directors of the Company, namely Dr.
Li Jue (Chairman), Mr. Yu Leung Fai and Dr. Lin Xiaohui. The terms of reference of the
Remuneration Committee have been determined with reference to the Code.

The Remuneration Committee met one time during the year ended 31 December 2020. All members
attended these meetings.

The Remuneration Committee is mainly responsible for making recommendations to the Board on
the Company’s remuneration policy and structure for all directors and senior management. During
the year ended 31 December 2020, the Remuneration Committee has reviewed the Group’s
remuneration policy, including the policy for the remuneration of executive directors in accordance
with Code Provision B.1.2(c)(ii), the levels of remuneration paid to executive directors and senior
management of the Group.

NOMINATION OF DIRECTORS
During the year ended 31 December 2020, the members of the Nomination Committee comprised
one executive director and two independent non-executive directors of the Company, namely Dr.
Lin Xiaohui (Chairman), Mr. Yu Leung Fai and Mr. Fang Jixin. The terms of reference of the
Nomination Committee have been determined with reference to the Code.

The Nomination Committee is mainly responsible for reviewing the structure, size and composition
of the Board at least annually, making recommendations on the procedures and criteria for
appointment of Directors and implementing those that are adopted by the Board.



               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   47    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The nomination policy of the Company specifies the selection criteria of Directors including but not
limited to the following:

•     Character and integrity;

•     Qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience that are
      relevant to the Company’s business and corporate strategy;

•     Diversity in all aspects, including but not limited to gender, age (18 years or above) cultural
      and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length
      of service;

•     Requirements of independent non-executive directors on the Board and independence of the
      proposed independent non-executive directors in accordance with the Listing Rules; and

•     Commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest to discharge duties as a
      member of the Board and/or Board committee(s) of the Company.

AUDIT COMMITTEE
During the year ended 31 December 2020, the members of the Audit Committee comprised three
independent non-executive directors of the Company, namely Mr. Yu Leung Fai (Chairman),
Mr. Fang Jixin and Dr. Li Jue. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee follow the guidelines
set out in the Code.

The Audit Committee met three times during the year ended 31 December 2020, which were
attended by all members.

During the year, the Audit Committee had reviewed the Group’s interim and annual results, risk
management and internal control system and financial reporting matters. The Audit Committee
oversees the overall financial reporting process as well as the adequacy and effectiveness of the
Company’s internal control procedures.

ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
Financial Reporting
The directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the consolidated financial statements
of the Company, which give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group on a going
concern basis. As at 31 December 2020, the directors are not aware of any material uncertainties
relating to events or conditions which may cast significant doubt upon the Company’s ability to
continue as a going concern. Accordingly, the directors have prepared the consolidated financial
statements of the Company on a going-concern basis.

The responsibilities of the external auditors about their financial reporting are set out in the
Independent Auditor’s Report.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   48    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS
The Board acknowledges its responsibility to ensure that an appropriate and effective risk
management and internal control systems are maintained so as to safeguard the Group’s assets and
the interests of the Shareholders. The Board has developed its risk management and internal
control systems, and is also responsible for overseeing the performance of the risk management
and internal control system on an ongoing basis. Such systems, however, are designed to manage
rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide
reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.


During the year, the Board has, through Audit Committee, conducted a review on the adequacy
and effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems of the Group, which covered
financial, compliance and operational controls as well as risk management mechanisms. The Board
also reviewed the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications for those who are responsible for
accounting and financial reporting function and experience, training programmes and budget of
the Group’s accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions. The internal auditor of the
Group has performed an independent review on the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk
management and internal control systems of the Group. The review results has been properly
reported to the Audit Committee.


The Board has established a policy and guideline on the procedures and internal controls for the
handling and dissemination of inside information, which stipulated the duties and responsibilities
of inside information announcement, restriction on sharing non-public information, handling of
rumours, unintentional selective disclosure, exemption and wavier to the disclosure of inside
information, and also compliance and reporting procedures.


Based on the internal control reviews conducted in 2020, no significant control deficiency was
identified.


AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
For the year ended 31 December 2020, fees paid/payable to the Company’s external auditors for
annual audit services totalled HK$3,600,000 (year ended 31 December 2019: HK$3,380,000). For
other audit/review-related services, the fees amounted to HK$630,000 (year ended 31 December
2019: HK$1,500,000).


COMPANY SECRETARY
The Company Secretary is to ensure there is a good information flow within the Board and between
the Board and senior management, provide advice to the Board in relation to directors’ obligations
under the Listing Rules and applicable laws and regulations and assist the Board in implementing
the corporate governance practices. The Company Secretary confirmed that he has taken not less
than 15 hours of relevant professional training during the year ended 31 December 2020 and has
provided training record to the Company indicating his compliance with the training requirement
under the Listing Rules. The Company is of the view that the Company Secretary has compiled
with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.



                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   49    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
The Bye-laws of the Company has been amended at the 2012 annual general meeting held on 10
August 2012 so as to bring the Bye-laws in line with the current revised requirements of the Listing
Rule and certain changes to the laws of Bermuda. The amendments were disclosed in details on
pages 32 to 36 of the Company’s circular to shareholders dated 11 July 2012 published on the
websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.


An updated version of the Bye-laws of the Company is available on the website of the Company
(www.realord.com.hk) and the Stock Exchange (http://www.hkexnews.hk/index.htm).


DIVIDEND POLICY
The payment and the amount of any dividends will be at the discretion of our Directors and will
depend upon our future operations and earnings, acquisitions, capital requirements and surplus,
general financial conditions, contractual restrictions and other factors which our Directors deem
relevant.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Convenes a special general meeting of the Company
Pursuant to Bye-law 58 of the Company, shareholder(s) holding at the date of deposit of the
requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company carrying the right of
voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition
to the Board or the Company Secretary of the Company, to require a special general meeting to be
called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such
meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within twenty-one
days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting the requisitionists
themselves may convene a special general meeting.


Enquiries to the Board
Shareholder(s) may at any time send their enquires to the Board in writing through the Company
Secretary whose contact details are as follows:


Company Secretary
Realord Group Holdings Limited
Suites 2403-2410
24/F, Jardine House
1 Connaught Place
Central, Hong Kong




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    50   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Procedures for putting forward proposals at general meetings
The following shareholder(s) are entitled to put forward a proposal (which may properly be put to
the meeting) for consideration at a general meeting of the Company:


1.    any shareholder(s) representing not less than one-twentieth of the total voting rights of the
      Company on the date of the requisition; or


2.    not less than one hundred shareholders.


The requisition specifying the proposal, duly signed by the shareholders concerned, together with
a statement with respect to the matter referred to in the proposal must be deposited at the
registered office of the Company in the case of:


(1)   a requisition requiring notice of a resolution, not less than six weeks before the meeting; and


(2)   any other requisition, not less than one week before the meeting.


The Company would take appropriate actions and make necessary arrangements, and the
shareholders concerned would be responsible for the expenses incurred in giving effect thereto in
accordance with the requirements under Sections 79 and 80 of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda
(as amended) once valid documents received.


COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
The Company endeavors to develop and maintain continuing relationships and effective
communications with its shareholders and investors. To facilitate and enhance the relationships
and communication, the Company has established, including but not limited to, the following
various channels:


1.    annual general meeting provides a forum for shareholders of the Company to raise comments
      and exchange views with the Board. The Chairman and the directors are available at annual
      general meetings to address shareholders’ queries;


2.    separate resolutions are proposed at general meetings on each substantially separate issue to
      facilitate the enforcement of shareholders’ rights. Pursuant to rule 13.39(4) of the Listing
      Rules, any vote of shareholders at a general meeting must be taken by poll. As such, all
      resolutions set out in the notice of the annual general meeting of the Company will be voted
      by poll;


3.    interim and annual results are announced as early as possible so that the shareholders are
      kept informed of the Group’s performance and operations; and


4.    corporate website www.realord.com.hk contains extensive information and updates on the
      Company’s business.

                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    51   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


OVERVIEW
Realord Group Holdings Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group” or
“we”) is a conglomerate listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
(the “Stock Exchange”), principally engaged in property investment and development, financial
services, environmental protection industry distribution and sales of motor vehicle parts,
commercial printing and hangtag with geographic coverage in Hong Kong, the People’s Republic
of China (the “PRC”) and Japan.


This Environmental, Social and Governance Report (the “ESG Report”) summarises the
environmental, social and governance (the “ESG”) initiatives, plans and performances of the Group
and demonstrates its commitment to sustainable development during the reporting period from 1
January 2020 to 31 December 2020 (the “Reporting Period”).


The ESG Report has been prepared in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance
Reporting Guide (the “ESG Reporting Guide”) as set out in Appendix 27 of the Rules Governing
the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange.


THE ESG GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE
The board of directors (the “Board”) oversees and sets out ESG strategies for the Group. The Board
is also responsible for ensuring the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal
controls through an annual assessment.


The Group has assigned personnel to systematically identify and handle ESG issues. Such
personnel are responsible for collecting and analysing relevant ESG data and identifying the
Group’s ESG issues. In addition, such personnel periodically report to the Board for the evaluation
and subsequent implementation or revision of the Group’s ESG strategies.


REPORTING SCOPE
The reporting scope of this ESG Report covers the Shenzhen office and Japan Recycling Yard (the
“Japan Recycling Yard”). The change of reporting scope from last year mainly due to the shift of
Recycling Yard business from Guangxi, PRC to Japan. The Group will consider enhancing the scope
when the data collection system matures.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED     52   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


REPORTING PRINCIPLES
We have taken the following reporting principles into account in development of this ESG Report:


Materiality
We regularly engage our stakeholders to better understand their concerns relating to sustainability
issues that affect them. We also make regular reference to our peers and both local and regional
sustainability criteria when we review our sustainability context, materiality and disclosures in
order to keep our sustainability priorities and strategy relevant. The Board and the management
regularly review the sustainability issues that are most significant to our business and operations,
and consider the issues discussed in this Report to be material to the Group.


Quantitative
For the quantitative information we report on, we provide explanation on how we collect and
analyse relevant data in appropriate circumstances. The environmental key performance indicators
include the disclosure of comparative data to allow stakeholders to make analysis based on our
performance.


Balance
We aim to keep our report balanced and make fair disclosures on critical aspects of our
performance, both in terms of progress made and continuing challenges that we are dealing with.


Consistency
We have reported in accordance with the ESG Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange, which
allows for year-to-year comparison with our previous performance.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   53    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


COMMUNICATION WITH STAKEHOLDERS
The Group strives to accommodate views and interests of stakeholders (including but not limited
to shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers, regulatory authorities and the public) through
constructive communications with them to determine the direction of the Group’s long-term
development and maintain close relationships with stakeholders. The overall performance of the
Group’s are summarised in the Group’s interim report and annual report and reported to
stakeholders through the Group’s official website (www.realord.com.hk).


Stakeholders               Possible issues of concern            Communication channels

The Board                  •   Corporate governance              •   Board meetings
                           •   Regulatory compliance             •   Committee meetings
                           •   Financial performance             •   Annual general meeting
                           •   Strategic development             •   Emails


Shareholders               • Corporate governance system         • Annual general meeting and other
  and investors            • Business strategies and               shareholder meetings
                             performance                         • Financial reports
                           • Investment returns                  • Announcements and circulars
                                                                 • Company website and email


Customers                  •   Good customer service             • Customer service hotline
                           •   Reasonable prices                 • Interim and annual reports,
                           •   Privacy protection                  corporate websites
                           •   Business integrity and ethics     • Regular meetings and
                                                                   communication


Employees                  •   Remuneration and compensation • Training
                           •   Equal opportunities           • Employee handbook
                           •   Career development            • Staff appraisals
                           •   Health and safety


Suppliers                  • Payment schedule                    • Emails
                           • Stable demand                       • Regular assessment of suppliers’
                           • Fair and open tendering               performance
                                                                 • Supplier management meetings
                                                                   and events




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    54    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Stakeholders                                                                         Possible issues of concern                                                              Communication channels

Regulatory bodies and                                                                • Regulatory compliance                                                                 • Interaction and visits
  government                                                                         • Prevention of tax evasion                                                             • Government inspections
  authorities                                                                        • Social welfare                                                                        • Compliance advisor


Media, community                                                                     • Environmental protection                                                              •     Community activities
 and the public                                                                      • Employment and community                                                              •     Employee voluntary activities
                                                                                       development                                                                           •     ESG reports
                                                                                     • Social welfare                                                                        •     Media

We aim to collaborate with our stakeholders to improve our ESG performance and create greater
value for the wider community continuously.


MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT
The Group’s management and staff in major functions are involved in the preparation of the ESG
Report. They have assisted the Group to review its operations, identify key ESG issues, and
assessed the importance of those relevant matters to our business and stakeholders. The Group has
compiled a survey in accordance with the identified material ESG issues to collect information from
relevant departments, business units, and stakeholders of the Group The following matrix is a
summary of the Group’s material ESG issues:



                                                                                                                  MATERIALITY MATRIX




         LEVEL OF INFLUENCE ON STAKEHOLDERS’ ASSESSMENTS & DECISIONS
                                                                                                                                                                                                  5. Green Operations




                                                                                                                                                                                              14. Privacy Protection



                                                                                                                                                  6. Employment Practices

                                                                                                                                                                                     16. Community Investment
                                                                            12. Product Responsibility


                                                                                                                                                                                                           3. Energy Management
                                                                             8. Development and Training
                                                                                                                       15. Anti-Corruption                                  4. Water Management



                                                                                   11. Sustainable Supply Chain
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 2. Waste Management
                                                                                                                  7. Health and Safety                            9. Prevention of Child and Forced
                                                                                                                                                                                Labour



                                                                                                                           13. Customer Service                                                                  1. Emissions Control


                                                                                                                                                                 10. Supplier Appointment




                                                                                                LEVEL OF SIGNIFICANCE OF ECONOMIC, ENVIRONMENTAL & SOCIAL IMPACTS




During the Reporting Period, the Group confirmed that it has established appropriate and effective
management policies and internal control systems for ESG issues and confirmed that the disclosed
contents comply with the requirements of the ESG Reporting Guide.




                                                                       REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                                        55           ANNUAL REPORT 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


CONTACT US
We treasure your feedback and comments on our sustainability performance. You can provide
valuable advice in respect of the ESG Report or the Group’s performance in sustainable
development by writing us to Suites 2403-10, 24/F, Jardine House, 1 Connaught Place, Central,
Hong Kong.


A.   ENVIRONMENTAL
     A1.   Emissions
           Environmental protection and sustainable development rely on concerted efforts
           from all industries and society. Engaging into various businesses, we strive to
           integrate environmental sustainability into our business operations and are
           committed to reducing our environmental footprint.


           Due to our business nature, we recognise that our day-to-day operations can impact
           both, directly and indirectly, the environment. Therefore, we have formulated the
           Environmental Policy to protect and improve the environment and promote
           sustainability within our business. We constantly uphold the principles of emission
           reduction and resource efficiency in our environmental management approaches by
           implementing measures and adopting best practices that promote energy efficiency,
           wastes reduction, and other green initiatives. The Group is also committed to
           educating our employees in raising their awareness of environmental protection
           and complying with relevant environmental laws and regulations. Within our
           policy framework, we continually look for opportunities to pursue environmentally
           friendly initiatives and enhance our environmental performance by reducing energy
           consumption and the use of other resources.


           During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any material
           non-compliance with environmental related laws and regulations that would have a
           significant impact on the Group, such as the Environmental Protection Law of the
           People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國環境保護法》) and The Basic
           Environment Law in Japan. During the Reporting Period, there was no case of
           prosecution against the Group in relation to the violation of environmental laws.




              REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   56   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     EMISSIONS CONTROL
     Air and Exhaust Gas Emissions
     All our operating locations strictly comply with the Law of the People’s Republic of
     China on the Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution (《中華人民共和國大
     氣污染防治法》) and Air Pollution Control Act in Japan and emission standards
     specified by different provinces and cities, to keep the exhaust emissions within the
     thresholds under relevant laws and regulations, and minimise the impact on
     neighbouring regions.


     The air pollutant we generated is mainly due to automobile emissions of the Group.
     Therefore, we have been focusing on the exhaust emissions of various equipment
     and has implemented a series of emission control such as arranging regular
     repairment and maintenance for the Group’s automobiles, maintaining engines and
     other mechanical systems in proper condition to improve fuel efficiency and reduce
     pollutant emissions. In order to minimise exhaust emissions, the Group has
     prepared to replace traditional diesel vehicles with energy saving vehicles
     gradually amidst the business growth of the Group, expecting to slow down the
     emission.


     In view of the impact of wasted gas produced by waste plastics processing
     machines on the surrounding environment, the Group has installed a gas collecting
     and extracting device at the exhaust outlet of the waste processing machinery in
     our Japan Recycling Yard. The device with the activated carbon fiber adsorption
     technology is to discharge waste gas after it is being collected and processed. In
     addition, the Group also focuses on improving the ventilation in the workshops,
     reducing the concentration of exhaust gas in the workshops effectively through
     air-diluting. After being processed and purified, relevant exhaust gas has already
     met the standards of the Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention
     and Control of Atmospheric Pollution (《中華人民共和國大氣污染防治法》) and Air
     Pollution Control Act in Japan that effectively safeguard employees’ occupational
     health.




        REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   57   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The table below sets out the Group’s exhaust emissions in the last two reporting
     years:


     Types of exhaust gas                     Unit                       Emissions
                                                                     2020            2019


     Nitrogen oxides (NOx)                    kg                     20.94           13.38
     Sulphur oxides (SOx)                     kg                      0.27            0.15
     Particulate Matter (PM)                  kg                      1.53            0.99

     GHG Emissions
     It is an indisputable fact that global warming is becoming more and more serious.
     The Group has been paying attention to climate change issues. In this regard, it
     seeks to take the optimal measures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from
     business operations and combat climate change.


     We also conduct data monitoring to identify and classify sources of greenhouse gas
     emissions in accordance with requirements and guidelines of the Stock Exchange,
     so as to compare the data performance of various sources.


     Through the implementation of such measures, employees’ awareness of reducing
     GHG emissions has been noted to have increased. However, the total GHG
     emissions of the Group in 2020 has increased by approximately 79.52% from 2019
     mainly due to the expansion of scale of Japan Recycling Yard.




        REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   58     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The table below sets out the greenhouse gas’ total emissions and intensity of the
     Group in the last two reporting years:


     Indicators1                                        Unit                             Emissions
                                                                                    2020             2019


     Scope 1 – Direct GHG emissions
     • Fuel consumed by vehicles                        tCO2e                      48.11             25.59
          and machinery
     Scope 2 – Indirect GHG emissions
     • Purchased electricity                            tCO2e                     245.41           137.91
     Total GHG emissions                                tCO2e                     293.52           163.50
     Total GHG emissions intensity       2
                                                        tCO2e/no. of
                                                        employee                     3.26             1.78

     Note:

     1.      GHG emission data is presented in terms of carbon dioxide equivalent and are based on,
             but not limited to, “The Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting
             Standards” issued by the World Resources Institute and the World Business Council for
             Sustainable Development, “How to prepare an ESG Report – Appendix II: Reporting
             Guidance on Environmental KPIs” issued by the HKEX, the “Global Warming Potential
             Values” from the IPCC Fifth Assessment Report, 2014 (AR5), the latest published Baseline
             Emission Factors for Regional Power Grids in China and the latest published emission
             factors of Japan.

     2.      As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, the Group had 90 and 92 employees under
             the specified ESG reporting scope respectively. The data is also used for calculating other
             intensity data.

     3.      The electricity fee for Japan Recycling Yard was included in the rent in the first half of the
             year 2020. Therefore, the figure only includes the purchased electricity from June 2020 to
             December 2020 for Japan.




          REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        59     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     NOISE POLLUTION MANAGEMENT
     In accordance with the standards of the Law of the People’s Republic of China on
     the Prevention and Control of Pollution from Environmental Noise (《中華人民共和
     國環境噪聲污染防治法》) and Noise Regulation Law in Japan, the Group adopted
     enclosed design for its Japan Recycling Yard and set up sound barriers to prevent
     noise and from affecting the surrounding environment during operation.


     SEWAGE DISCHARGE
     Due to the Group’s business nature, the sewage discharge into land is insignificant.
     Similarly, there was no significant and unreasonable amount of sewage water
     discharged; used water was discharged to the municipal sewage network to the
     regional water treatment plant.


     WASTE MANAGEMENT
     The Group develops and implements strict management measures for waste
     generated in the production process in reference to the List of National Hazardous
     Wastes (《國家危險廢物名錄》), the Prevention and Control of Environmental
     Pollution by Solid Waste (《中華人民共和國固體廢物污染環境防治法》) and the
     Management Measures for Transfer Forms of Hazardous Waste (《危險廢物轉移聯單
     管理辦法》), The Basel Law and Waste Management and Public Cleansing Law in
     Japan, to systematically identify environmental factors of production process and
     made detailed guidelines of waste management available.


     Hazardous Waste Management
     The hazardous wastes generated during the operation of the Group’s Japan
     Recycling Yard mainly involve waste machine oil, circuit boards, scrap rubber,
     activated carbon, etc. The Group strictly complies with the regulations and
     requirements in the Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and
     Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste (《中華人民共和國固體廢棄物環
     境污染防治法》) and the Administrative Measures for Hazardous Waste Transfer
     Manifest (《危險廢物轉移聯單管理辦法》) and The Basel Law in Japan on hazardous
     waste disposal in the course of centralised collection and temporary storage
     management of hazardous wastes, and have entered into service agreements with
     qualified waste disposal companies designated by local governments to assist the
     Group in proper disposal of all hazardous wastes. During the Reporting Period, all
     of the hazardous wastes were legally disposed of by a licenced hazardous waste
     collector.




         REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   60   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Non-Hazardous Waste Management
     The Group adopts the 5R (i.e. Refuse, Reduce, Reuse, Repair and Recycle)
     management strategy for the management of non-hazardous waste. The Group’s
     Japan Recycling Yard has set up a recycling center where employees collect, mark
     and separate different types of solid waste in accordance with the Law on
     Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste (《固體廢物污染
     環境防治法》), and the Administrative Measures for Municipal Domestic Waste
     (《城市生活垃圾管理辦法》) and The Basel Law in Japan.


     The reusable waste, including paper, plastic, and metal, will be sent to recycling
     agencies for proper treatment. We endeavour to improve the recycling rate and
     achieve the highest resource efficiency through internal operation management,
     publicity, training, labelling, classification, recycling, and other policy controls. In
     addition, in order to improve the efficiency of energy and resource use, the Group
     regularly engages qualified professional agencies to carry out environmental
     monitoring, and from time to time invites environmental experts to propose
     improvement plans which will be studies and implemented. To effectively control
     the paper usage and its subsequence disposal, the Group has implemented related
     reduction initiatives, which can be found in “A3. The Environment and Natural
     Resources”.


     Through the implementation of such measures, employees’ awareness of reducing
     waste disposal has been noted to have increased. The total amount of
     non-hazardous waste in 2020 has increased by approximately 42.83% from 2019 due
     to the increased waste by Japan Recycling Yard.


     The table below sets out the non-hazardous wastes’ total volume and intensity of
     the Group in the last two reporting years:


     Types of non-hazardous waste             Unit                       Disposal Amount
                                                                         2020           2019


     Total non-hazardous wastes               tonnes                     6.37            4.46
     Total non-hazardous wastes intensity     tonnes/no. of
                                              employees                  0.07            0.05




        REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   61     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


  A2.   Use of Resources
        In order to use all resources including energy, water, and other natural resources
        more effectively and prudently, we continuously invest in the upgradation and
        improvement of technologies and equipment, energy-saving and consumption
        reduction, as well as environmentally friendly facilities, so that it can utilise the
        resources more efficiently and, to some extent, reduce the consumption of various
        resources.


        ENERGY MANAGEMENT
        As a socially responsible company, we advocate the use of energy-saving, efficient
        and environmental-friendly construction equipment, machinery and tools and office
        appliances recommended by the state and the industry. For energy conservation,
        we require contractors to adopt various energy-saving measures during
        construction. Meanwhile, we continuously update the latest environmental news to
        optimise the existing services, so as to reduce environmental pollution.


        The energy conservation measures we have undertaken in 2020 are as follows:


        Energy conservation measures
        (1)     It is planned to gradually replace the existing office and warehouse lighting
                with LED lighting, which can lower power consumption and reduce
                hazardous waste from replacement of short-lived traditional lighting fixtures.


        (2)     All employees are required to participate in energy saving and emission
                reduction actions; employees are educated to properly use office electrical
                equipment including lighting, electric fans, air conditioners and other
                facilities, to turn off the equipment not in use in their responsible areas, and
                to check and ensure that all energy-consuming equipment is turned off before
                leaving work. In addition, the Group disseminates knowledge of energy
                conservation and emission reduction to encourage employees to develop
                energy-saving and environment-friendly work habits.


        (3)     It is required to set the air conditioning temperature at 25 degrees to avoid
                waste of energy.


        (4)     Office equipment (such as refrigerators and air conditioners) is cleaned on a
                regular basis to improve operational efficiency.


        (5)     Environment-friendly and energy-efficient appliances and equipment are
                preferred.




              REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   62   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Through the implementation of such measures, employees’ awareness of reducing
     energy consumption has been noted to have increased. The total energy
     consumption in 2020 has been increased by approximately 140.38% from 2019
     mainly due to the higher electricity consumption in Japan Recycling Yard for
     expansion of scale in Japan Recycling Yard and higher use of petrol in 2020.


     The table below sets out the total energy consumptions and intensity of the Group
     in the last two reporting years:


     Types of energy                                Unit                               Consumption
                                                                                   2020             2019


     Direct energy consumption                      kWh                      175,642.23        97,135.42
          Diesel                                    kWh                        3,466.14             N/A
          Petrol                                    kWh                      172,176.09        97,135.424
     Indirect energy consumption                    kWh                      461,683.00       168,007.00
          Purchased electricity                     kWh                      461,683.00       168,007.00
     Total energy consumption                       kWh                      637,352.23       265,142.42
     Total energy consumption intensity             kWh/No. of
                                                    employees                  7,081.69          2,881.98

     Note:

     4.      Actual petrol consumption was approximately 17,765.94 litres and 10,022.89 litres in 2020 and
             2019 respectively. Actual diesel consumption was 323.84 litres in 2020.




           REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      63      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     WATER MANAGEMENT
     Water is one of our most important natural resources. In order to cherish the
     precious water resources, the Group makes every effort to maximise the water
     resources used in its business operations. We actively promote the concept of
     valuing water to employees and maintain in good condition, so as to achieve our
     goal of water saving. In particular, Japan Recycling Yard has implemented the reuse
     of water resources, as the water used in washing clothes and hands in the staff
     dormitory are collected for flushing toilets.


     Through the implementation of such measures, employees’ awareness of reducing
     water consumption has been noted to have increased. The total water consumption
     in 2020 has been decreased by 43.41% from 2019 due to less water consumption in
     Japan Recycling Yard with the water saving measure adopted.


     The table below sets out the total water consumptions and intensity of the Group in
     the last two reporting years:


     Indicator                                 Unit                         Consumption
                                                                         2020        2019


     Water consumption                         m3                     1,287.60    2,275.20
     Water consumption intensity               m3/no. of
                                               employees                14.31        24.73

     Due to the Group’s business nature, the Group did not encounter any problem in
     sourcing water that is fit for purpose.


     PACKAGING MATERIAL
     Due to the Group’s business nature, the use of packaging material is not considered
     to be a material ESG aspect of the Group. To be specified in detail, Japan Recycling
     Yard mainly uses trucks to deliver goods directly to customers. Under the premise
     of reasonable protection, the Group endeavours to reuse the packaging materials
     which were imported along with raw materials, so as to minimise resource
     consumption in the transportation process without producing large quantity of
     packaging materials wastes.




        REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   64      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


  A3.   The Environment and Natural Resources
        The Group integrates environmental responsibility into its daily business
        operations. Accordingly, the Group promotes green operations and green
        procurement policy to reduce environmental impact and the consumption of natural
        resources.


        NATURAL RESOURCE PROTECTION
        To reduce the consumption of paper, a main type of natural resource consumed by
        the Group, we encourage our employees to transmit information electronically and
        process documents on computers as much as possible, and require them to print on
        both sides as far as possible. The number of company envelopes, portfolios,
        brochures, etc. for internal use is also verified to avoid overprinting. For reusable
        and recyclable resources in waste, such as waste paper and printer ink cartridges,
        we have set up collection bins for classification management to facilitate internal
        recycling or transfer to qualified recyclers for further recycling. We grow vegetables
        in the open space of our Japan Recycling Yard to meet our daily needs and reduce
        purchases of such goods.


        To ensure that employees implement the Group’s environmental protection
        philosophy in their daily work, all new employees will go through the training in
        environmental protection.




           REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   65    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     GREEN OFFICE POLICY
     The Group has implemented a series of measures to reduce the use of office
     supplies:


     •     Implement electronic file management, encouraging employees to process
           documents on computers and transmit information electronically as far as
           possible, and reducing the printing, transmission, sorting and archiving of
           paper files. The number of envelopes, portfolios and brochures issued by the
           Group is also subject to verification and control to minimise the demand for
           paper;


     •     Categorise waste, recycle and transfer recyclable resources to qualified
           recyclers, various collection bins have been placed in the office for the
           recycling of single-sided printed paper and printer cartridges;


     •     Place various green plants in different areas of the office, the green area
           coverage in Japan Recycling Yard has reached 15%, which helps clean air and
           improve indoor and surrounding air quality;


     •     Put up “Save Water” reminders in appropriate places to remind employees to
           reduce water consumption in their daily operations and to close the taps
           immediately after use so as to reduce unnecessary waste; and


     •     Enhance daily maintenance and management of water equipment, including
           regular maintenance of water mains and pipes to reduce hidden leakage.




         REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   66   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


B.   SOCIAL
     B1.   Employment
           The success of our business depends on the untiring efforts and dedicated service
           of all employees. The Group understands that the recruitment, retention and
           cultivation of talents can help maintain its market competitiveness. The Group has
           in place the Employee Handbook to ensure that employees are treated in a fair and
           reasonable manner.


           During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have significant issues relating to
           violations in this respect, including but not limited to the Labour Contract Law of
           t h e P e o p l e ’ s R e p u b l i c o f C h i n a (《中華人民共和國勞動合同法》) a n d L a b o u r
           Standards Law in Japan.


           RECRUITMENT, PROMOTION AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY
           The Group has regular reviews for the demand and requirements for human
           resources with each business function head in order to secure the sufficient staff
           members for the positions required and to keep the normal business operations and
           development. In addition, we have implemented a standardised recruitment system
           with high transparency to ensure the righteousness, openness and fairness upheld
           throughout the recruitment and employment processes. When considering the
           opportunity for promotion of a position, the principle of “appropriateness”, their
           job performance evaluation, experiences and capabilities of the potential are
           considered as conditions for staff promotion.


           WORK-LIFE BALANCE
           Employees are the most important core asset of the Group. The Group attentively
           takes care of the needs of employees pays close attention to employees’ work and
           life balance. Achieving work-life balance can help enhance the overall operational
           efficiency of the Group. As such, the Group strictly abides by the Labour Contract
           Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國勞動合同法》) and Article 7
           of Labour Standards Law in Japan to guarantee appropriate working hours and
           sufficient leave days for employees.


           REMUNERATION AND BENEFITS
           The Group has established a set of objective and fair remuneration guidelines. In
           addition to wage adjustments based on the market practice and conditions, and the
           results of employee assessment, the Group also determines annual bonuses based
           on individual performance to motivate their interest and enthusiasm and share the
           Group’s profits with its employees as a reward for their contributions to the Group.
           Moreover, we review and adjust the remuneration mechanism on a regular basis to
           provide fairer and more competitive remuneration packages.



              REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   67    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


        The Group also develops its benefits policy in accordance with the Labour Law of
        the People’s Republic of China, the Article 11 of Labour Contract Law of the
        People’s Republic of China and Labour Standard Law in Japan, and observes local
        requirements relating to minimum wage, working hours and the overtime limit,
        paid statutory holidays and paid annual leave. In addition, we established the
        Benefits Committee in charge of reviewing matters related to employees’ benefits.
        The Group currently provides comprehensive benefits guarantees for all employees,
        including medical insurance. In order to promote the bilateral communication and
        interaction between employees and employer, the Group also delivers the most
        recent update of the Group to every employee in a timely manner via survey and
        listens to the employees’ opinions and advices actively, taking corresponding
        measures swiftly on issues which employees care about and protecting the interest
        of our employees.


        COMPENSATION, TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT AND RETIREMENT
        The Group initiates compensation and retirement procedures, including relevant
        provisions on indemnification and compensation and the planning of retirement
        arrangements, in accordance with the Article 89 of Labour Law of the People’s
        Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China,
        Labour Standards Law in Japan and other relevant laws and regulations.


        ANTI-DISCRIMINATION
        We strictly follow anti-discrimination policies and will not tolerate harassment of
        any kind. When recruiting and promoting employees, we will only consider
        individual work experience and performance. We provide our employees with fair
        recruitment, compensation, training, transfer and promotion opportunities
        regardless of their race, gender, age or religious, so as to ensure that fair and equal
        opportunities are offered to all job applicants. We strive to create a working
        environment with care, endurance, fairness with no discrimination.


  B2.   Health and Safety
        The Group fully recognises the importance of occupational health and safety to the
        recycling industry. Therefore, we strive to create the best working environment for
        our valued employees. We have advocated and upheld the idea of “Safety First”
        and strived in achieving the goal of zero industrial accident. We have formulated a
        set of suitable safety management plan in accordance with the laws and regulations,
        to reduce and control potential occupational safety and health hazards in business
        operations. The Group strictly implements the legislative requirements on
        occupational health and safety at its operating locations to avoid any injuries of
        employees at work.




           REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   68    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have significant issues relating to
     violations in this respect, including but not limited to Law of the People’s Republic
     of China on the Prevention and Treatment of Occupational Diseases of People’s
     Republic of China (《中華人民共和國職業病防治法》) and Industrial Safety and
     Health Act in Japan.


     OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY
     In order to effectively review our occupational health and safety performance, the
     Group sets up dedicated departments for coordinating and arranging safety checks
     for all operating facilities in accordance with Occupational Health and Safety
     Policies and regular reviews are held at meetings to examine the Group’s
     occupational health and safety performance. Any employee being found of a
     mis-operation or risky operation will be immediately warned. At the same time,
     corrective and preventive measures will be adopted to manage the risks identified
     for assuring the quality and implementation of the safety management measures, so
     as to reduce unsafe behaviours of on-site personnel and accidents.


     WORKPLACE SAFETY MANAGEMENT
     The Group’s office and Recycling Yard are equipped with dust removal, noise
     elimination, gas protection and other equipment, with standards in place for
     dangerous goods identification marks and for the proper use and storage of
     inflammable and explosive materials in order to minimise potential harm to the
     health of employees. To further enhance the safety of the Group’s workplaces, we
     have set up first aid kits, fire extinguishers and exit signs at all operating locations
     and reminded our employees of the need to keep the passage or escapes clean and
     clear at all times. It is forbidden to place too many miscellaneous items in the office
     to ensure a rapid and safe evacuation in case of emergency.


     PERSONAL PROTECTIVE EQUIPMENT
     The Group is committed to providing employees with a legitimate, safe and
     dignified working environment. Apart from displaying notice or label, we also
     provide frontline employees with personal protective equipment such as dust
     masks, noise reduction earplugs and emergency medicines for occasional needs.
     Meanwhile, employees are arranged to attend safety training courses to raise their
     awareness of workplace safety and to ensure the efficiency of the personal
     protective equipment for protecting our employees.




        REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   69     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     WORKPLACE HYGIENE
     The Group has advised employees to maintain cleanliness in the workplace. We set
     up designated areas in offices and plant areas to collect wastes discarded by our
     employees. Hygiene in public areas is regularly managed by dedicated
     departments. Regular cleaning of air conditioning systems and carpets in office
     areas are also arranged to maintain hygiene in the workplace.


     EMPLOYEE WORK SAFETY TRAINING
     We actively promote the culture of workplace safety. The Group provides
     employees with adequate training on occupational health to keep up with
     employees’ awareness against workplace health and safety, in order to ensure the
     safe operation of equipment, the Group has developed appropriate training
     sessions, mainly covering the correct use of protective equipment, knowledge and
     cases of safety production and occupational health, and safe operation of positions
     or equipment. Moreover, we share all the latest information and news of
     occupational health and safety with all our employees.


     INCIDENT RESPONSE PLAN
     To prevent possible accidents and potential risks due to emergencies like fire and
     power failure, the Group has established a set of stringent measures and practice
     fire drills from time to time. All onsite workers are required to be aware of the
     emergency procedures, such as the proper use of personal protective equipment
     and rescue facility.


     STRESS MANAGEMENT
     The Group has complaint and confidential feedback channels in place for all
     employees, allowing them to express any views or concerns to the department
     heads or executives at the higher rank.


     PREVENTATIVE MEASURES ON COVID-19
     In response to the outbreak of the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (“COVID-19”)
     pandemic, the Group has taken certain actions to strengthen the health and safety
     precautionary measures in both our offices and construction sites to ensure the
     health of our employees and workers. The Group has established two sets of
     workplace health and safety plan with regards to COVID-19 separately for office
     and construction site employees. In addition, the Group has conducted a thorough
     hazard assessment of the workplace to identify potential workplace hazards that
     could increase the risks for COVID-19 transmission, which includes all employees,
     including management staff, utility employees, relief employees, etc.




         REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   70   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


  B3.   Development and Training
        CAREER DEVELOPMENT
        To maintain the Group’s competitiveness in the world of rapid development of
        technology, it is important that we keep our skills and knowledge up-to-date.
        Therefore, we promote the spirit of life-long learning and cultivating a continuous
        learning culture. To further improve team values and professionalism of staff, we
        develop career development training for staff and encourage them to actively
        participate in various training workshops and courses.


        PRE-EMPLOYMENT TRAINING
        In order to assist our newly recruited employees to adapt to the Group’s work
        culture and environment, we provide pre-employment training for them, including
        information about our corporate culture, employee handbook, job skills and
        relevant safety knowledge, with an aim of enhancing their understanding of the
        Group, their position and working environment.


        VOCATIONAL SKILLS TRAINING
        We are dedicated to building a professional technical team, so we have arranged
        training courses for our employees to meet the needs of different jobs and ranks to
        improve individual profession knowledge skills and capabilities. For some internal
        key talents, we have developed career paths and defined career ladders for key
        positions, sponsored our staff to attend external training courses, such as
        professional qualification training, workshops or seminars, in order to strengthen
        overall professionalism and individual caliber of employees, and help competent
        employees to pursue excellence and grow together with the Group.




           REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   71   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


  B4.   Labour Standards
        PREVENTION OF CHILD AND FORCED LABOUR
        The Group prohibits the recruitment of child labour and has zero tolerance of
        forced labour. In accordance with the Regulations of the People’s Republic of China
        on Special Protection of Juvenile Workers, Labour Standards Law in Japan and
        relevant foreign laws and regulations, the Group reviews the valid identity
        certificates of job applicants in the employee recruitment, onboarding approval and
        onboarding registration process. If violations are involved, they will be dealt with
        in the light of circumstances.


        During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any material
        non-compliance with related laws and regulations that would have a significant
        impact on the Group, including but not limited to Labour Contract Law of the
        People’s Republic of China and Article 27 of Labour Standard Law in Japan.


        In the process of employment, the Group, in accordance with the Labour Contract
        Law of the People’s Republic of China and Article 27 of Labour Standard Law in
        Japan, respects the right and freedom of every employee to choose jobs, including
        freedom of employment, freedom to resign, freedom to work overtime and freedom
        of movement. The Group strictly prohibits any forms of forced labour, including
        contract labour and bonded labour, and never forces employees to work overtime.
        Employees have the right to form and join trade unions to safeguard their personal
        rights.




            REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   72   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


  B5.   Supply Chain Management
        The steady development of the Group’s business is dependent on the reliable
        support of its suppliers. Suppliers are one of the important stakeholders in the
        Group’s business value chain, and our relationship with them is close and
        inseparable. The Group is also fully committed to building a good partnership with
        our suppliers. To promote the business and cooperation with suppliers, the Group
        stipulates internal rules to regulate the process of procurement, explains the
        Group’s principles and expectations to our partners, and requires suppliers to
        comply with all laws, international conventions, contractual requirements, and all
        codes of the Group. We have also established effective mechanisms to ensure that
        both parties will strictly act in accordance with laws and regulations.


        SUPPLIER APPOINTMENT
        In terms of material procurement, supplier management, and the selection and
        evaluation of administrative supplies and services suppliers, we employ fair,
        impartial and open evaluation criteria. We also require suppliers to declare their
        interests to avoid conflicts of interest or tunnelling of interests. The Group has set
        up a series of evaluation indicators for supplier selection, including supplier’s past
        experience, price, reputation, professional qualifications, ethics, environmental
        protection and corporate social responsibility performance. To ensure that the
        suppliers’ performance continues to meet the Group’s requirements, we assess their
        performance over the past year through an annual assessment to review whether to
        continue cooperation with them.


        SUSTAINABLE SUPPLY CHAIN
        The Group puts great emphasis on the sustainability of value chain. While fulfilling
        our environmental and social responsibilities, we also expect our suppliers to
        operate in the same responsible manner. Accordingly, we incorporate sustainability
        considerations into our procurement and outsourcing process and require suppliers
        to meet basic standards. For example, all suppliers are required to abide by the
        following sustainability principles, and to ensure that their regular and temporary
        employees, suppliers and sub-suppliers confirm and comply with the requirements
        of this these principles.




            REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   73   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


        GREEN OPERATION
        To reduce the emissions and energy consumption due to transportation, the Group
        is encouraged to give priority to products of local suppliers where hardware and
        software conditions so permit, with an aim to prevent additional carbon emissions
        due to long distance of transporting goods. When local suppliers are selected, we
        also adopt a centralised approach to arrange as few deliveries as possible, and
        optimise delivery plans to reduce exhaust emissions during transportation.
        Meanwhile, when it is necessary to acquire or upgrade operating equipment, we
        will make reference to the information on the energy label to select energy-efficient
        models as far as possible in order to achieve better energy management efficiency.


  B6.   Product Responsibility
        The Group stresses heavily on the performance of its products, and has therefore
        formulated an array of policies to facilitate better quality products and services.


        During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have significant issues relating to
        violations in this respect, including but not limited to Law of the People’s Republic
        of China on Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests of the People’s Republic of
        China (《中華人民共和國消費者權益保護法》) and Product Liability Act in Japan.


        QUALITY MANAGEMENT
        The Group values the spirit of contract. The specifications of all products and
        services will be clearly specified in the contract to ensure that the customer
        understands details of the contract and to protect the interests of the buyer and the
        seller. We seek to provide the highest standards of products and services
        throughout our operations, which involve the application of proprietary systems
        and process to ensure compliance with local and international standards. In order
        to strengthen customer confidence in our products, the Group has established a
        quality inspection and evaluation team for incoming and outgoing products, to
        closely monitor the quality of products prior to delivery in accordance with the
        corresponding inspection procedures.


        FAIR PROMOTION
        The Group adheres to the principle of fair promotion to ensure that product
        information on the Group’s publicity website and other promotional materials is
        true and accurate, and does not contain any false, exaggerated or excessive
        statements. In accordance with the Advertising Law of the People’s Republic of
        China and Act Against Unjustifiable Premiums and Misleading Representations in
        Japan, the Group requires sales staff to disseminate information from the Group’s
        recognised product strengths when promoting products, and avoid negative
        representations involving rivals or competing products to prevent customers from
        being misled when purchasing.


           REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   74    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


        CUSTOMER DATA PROTECTION
        According to the importance of protecting customer information, the Group strictly
        manages and keeps confidential information and documents related to customers’
        intellectual property rights in accordance with the requirements of the
        Confidentiality Measures and the Employee Handbook issued within the Group.
        Without permission, employees are not allowed to copy, privately store or take
        away such information and documents from the Group.


        AFTER-SALE SERVICE
        The Group is committed to providing efficient and courteous after-sale service to its
        customers, and has established e-mail boxes and hotlines as channels to maintain
        communication with customers and assist in answering any customer enquiries,
        resolving detail contract problems or other follow-up matters.


  B7.   Anti-corruption
        The Group is committed to building a corporate culture of integrity and business
        ethics. We have the standards of conduct to guide our employees and partners,
        which provide rules and guidelines for dealing with gifts, treats, transactions,
        financial management, etc.


        During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have significant issues relating to
        violations in this respect, including but not limited to Company Law of the People’s
        Republic of China (《中華人民共和國公司法》) and Unfair Competition Prevention
        Act in Japan.


        The Group has followed and complied with all the code provisions of the Corporate
        Governance Code set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules, including
        maintaining good corporate governance practices. To take forward a corporate
        culture of integrity and anti-corruption, we have established the anti-corruption
        practices and the benefit declaration process in our employee handbook. If any
        employee is involved in any corruption and fraud conduct, we will impose
        penalties based on the influence and consequence of such conduct according to the
        corporate rules. If the behaviour violates the law, it will be handled by the judicial
        authority according to law with zero tolerance.


        ANTI-CORRUPTION PRACTICES
        The Group has established Anti-corruption policy to avoid happening of
        corruption. No employee or director may seek or receive any preferential benefits,
        including money, gifts, loans, remuneration, work, contracts, services and
        sponsorship, especially when there is a conflict of interest between such benefits
        and the Group’s business dealings.



           REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    75   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


        CONFLICTS OF INTEREST
        To avoid any conflict of interest during business transactions, all major transactions
        involving conflicts of interest within the Group must be disclosed to the board of
        directors according to the Policy on Declaration of Conflict of Interest, which can be
        found in the Employee Handbook. Board members involved in a conflict of interest
        may not vote on any resolution on such transactions.


        APPROVAL OF SERVICE CONTRACTS
        To maintain close monitoring on potential corruption, all the important service
        contracts are subject to approval by the board of directors. Approved service
        contracts shall be reviewed by the Nomination Committee, which consists of one
        executive director and two independent non-executive directors.


        WHISTLE-BLOWING MECHANISM
        To firmly reject the occurrence of corruption, frauds, etc., the Group has established
        whistle-blowing policy for employees and other stakeholders to report any
        suspected improper or illegal activities through any anonymous ways such as by
        mail, email, telephone, etc. The Group will investigate and handle the case once
        internal corruption related information is received. The investigations are
        administered on a confidential basis and there will be no reprisal against
        employees.


  B8.   Community Investment
        ACTIVE COMMUNITY PARTICIPATION
        As a responsible corporate citizen, the Group is well aware that its responsibility is
        not only to contribute directly to the economy, but also to generate positive impact
        on the society as a whole through our business operations and public welfare
        programs. In the past year, the Group actively participated in community activities
        to give back to the society. The Group is committed to promoting charity, helping
        the disadvantaged, and supporting academic and scientific research for the
        well-being of the next generation in the principle of “From the Community, For the
        Community”. The Group has also set up a team of staff volunteers to participate in
        public welfare activities such as visiting the elderly living alone, supporting needy
        families and helping students in need. In the future, the Group will continue to
        focus its community investment efforts on scientific research and development,
        national development and poverty alleviation to give back to the society.




           REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   76    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




         致同
To the members of Realord Group Holdings Limited
(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)


OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Realord Group Holdings Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 85 to
217, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2020, and
the consolidated statement of profit or loss, consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of
cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a
summary of significant accounting policies.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated
financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2020, and of its consolidated financial
performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong
Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued
by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We
are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were
addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in
forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   77    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Key audit matter                                      How the matter was addressed in our audit


Valuation of investment properties


We identified the valuation of investment             Our procedures in relation to the valuation of
properties as a key audit matter due to the           investment properties included the following:
significance of the balance to the consolidated
financial statements as a whole, combined             •    evaluated the competence, capabilities and
with management judgment associated with                   objectivity of the Valuer;
determining the fair value.
                                                      •    obtained an understanding from the Valuer
The Group’s investment properties are situated in          about the valuation methodologies,
Hong Kong and the People’s Republic of China.              significant unobservable inputs and critical
As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s investment             judgment on key inputs and data used in
properties amounting to HK$11,839,176,000 and              the valuations;
represented 71% of the Group’s total assets. As
disclosed in note 18 to the consolidated financial    •    assessed the reasonableness of valuation
statements, net gain on fair value changes of              methodologies used by the Valuer with the
investment properties of HK$2,463,416,000 was              assistance from our valuation experts;
recognised in profit or loss.
                                                      •    assessed the reasonableness of significant
All of the Group’s investment properties are               unobservable inputs used by the Valuer
stated at fair values based on valuations                  with the assistance from our valuation
performed by a firm of independent qualified               experts by comparing them, on a sample
professional valuers (the “Valuer”). The                   basis, to publicly available information of
valuations are dependent on certain significant            similar comparable properties;
unobservable inputs, including price/gross
development value per square meter/bay/               •    evaluated the reasonableness of adjusting
square feet, which are determined based on                 factors on the conditions and locations of
comparable transactions after applying                     the properties made by the Valuer with the
adjusting factors to reflect the conditions and            assistance from our valuation experts by
locations of the subject properties. Details of            comparing them with historical adjusting
the valuation methodologies and significant                factors applied, comparability and other
unobservable inputs used in the valuations are             market factors for similar properties;
disclosed in note 18 to the consolidated
financial statements.                                 •    obtained government documents and
                                                           supporting evidences for the change of land
                                                           use; and


                                                      •    performed site visit to the major investment
                                                           properties.



                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED     78    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Key audit matter                                    How the matter was addressed in our audit


Impairment assessment of proposed development
project

We identified the impairment assessment of          Our procedures in relation to the impairment
proposed development project as a key audit         assessment of proposed development project
matter due to the significance of the balance to    included the following:
the consolidated financial statements and the
involvement of subjective judgment and              •    obtained an understanding of the progress
management estimates in evaluating the                   of the proposed development project from
recoverable amount of the Group’s proposed               management;
development project at the end of the
reporting period.                                   •    performed site visit to the proposed
                                                         development project;
As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s proposed
development project amounting to                    •    evaluated the competence, capabilities and
HK$1,634,083,000.                                        objectivity of the Valuer;

Management assessed whether proposed                •    obtained an understanding from the Valuer
development project has suffered any                     about the valuation methodology and key
impairment in accordance with the accounting             assumptions used in the value in use
policy stated in note 3.15 to the consolidated           calculation;
financial statements. The recoverable amount
of cash-generating unit has been determined         •    involved our valuation experts to evaluate
by management with assistance from the                   the methodology used to determine the
Valuer based on value in use calculation. The            value in use, and benchmarked the
value in use calculation uses cash flow                  discount rates applied to other comparable
projection based on financial budgets                    companies in the same industry; and
approved by management which involves the
use of judgement applied by management              •    involved our valuation experts to assess the
such as determining discount rate, price per             reasonableness of key assumptions used by
square meter/bay, construction cost and gross            management such as price per square
margin.                                                  meter/bay, construction cost, gross margin
                                                         and discount rate.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED     79   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Key audit matter                                        How the matter was addressed in our audit

Impairment assessment of trade receivables,
receivables arising from securities broking and loan
receivables

We identified the impairment assessment of              Our procedures in relation to the impairment
trade receivables, receivables arising from             assessment of trade receivables, receivables
securities broking and loan receivables as a            arising from securities broking and loan
key audit matter due to the significance of the         receivables included the following:
balances to the consolidated financial
statements and the involvement of subjective            •     obtained an understanding of the internal
judgment and management estimates in                          controls and process over credit risk
evaluating the expected credit losses (“ECL”)                 assessment and how management estimates
of the Group’s trade receivables, receivables                 the credit loss allowance for trade
arising from securities broking and loan                      receivables, receivables arising from
receivables at the end of the reporting period.               securities broking and loan receivables;


As disclosed in note 24 to the consolidated             •     assessed the appropriateness of the credit
financial statements, net trade receivables,                  loss allowance calculation methodology
receivables arising from securities broking and               used by management;
loan receivables amounting to HK$449,409,000,
HK$163,373,000 and HK$157,053,000 as at 31              •     tested the accuracy of the ECL adjustment
December 2020, respectively.                                  made by the Group;


As set out in note 4 to the consolidated                •     involved our valuation experts to test the
financial statements, the Group recognises a                  integrity of information used by
credit loss allowance for trade receivables,                  management in assessing the credit risk of
receivables arising from securities broking                   individual debtors, on a sample basis, by
and loan receivables by adopting the ECL                      checking the loss rates of the debtors to
model individually on each debtor in the                      independent source and comparing
current year. In calculating the credit loss                  historical default rates to the actual losses
allowance, the loss rates are estimated based                 recorded during the current year;
on comparable probability of default and
recovery rate quoted from international
credit-rating agencies; and exposure of default
after consideration of underlying collaterals, if
any, and adjusted for forward-looking
information that is available without undue
cost or effort.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       80    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Key audit matter                                        How the matter was addressed in our audit

Impairment assessment of trade receivables,
receivables arising from securities broking and loan
receivables (Continued)


As disclosed in note 49b to the consolidated            •    challenged management’s basis and judgment
financial statements, the Group recognised net               in determining credit loss allowance on trade
impairment losses of HK$4,682,000, HK$1,947,000              receivables, receivables arising from securities
and HK$20,626,000 on trade receivables,                      broking and loan receivables as at 31
receivables arising from securities broking and              December 2020, including their identification
loan receivables, respectively, for the current              of credit-impaired trade receivables,
year. As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s credit             receivables arising from securities broking
loss allowance on trade receivables, receivables             and loan receivables and the reasonableness
arising from securities broking and loan                     of the basis of estimated loss rates applied
receivables amounting to HK$11,019,000,                      and exposure of default for each individual
HK$1,956,000 and HK$20,626,000, respectively.                debtor with reference to historical default
                                                             rates, forward-looking information and value
                                                             of pledged securities; and


                                                        •    evaluated the disclosures regarding the
                                                             impairment assessment of trade receivables,
                                                             receivables arising from securities broking
                                                             and loan receivables in note 49b to the
                                                             consolidated financial statements.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        81   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information
comprises all the information in the 2020 annual report of the Company, but does not include the
consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we
do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read
the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially
inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or
otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report
that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and
the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control
as the directors of the Company determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible
for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters
related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the
Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.


The directors of the Company assisted by the Audit Committee are responsible for overseeing the
Group’s financial reporting process.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    82   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to
issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body,
in accordance with section 90 of the Bermuda Companies Act 1981, and for no other purpose. We
do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this
report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of
these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•     identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
      whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those
      risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
      opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than
      for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
      misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•     obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
      procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing
      an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.


•     evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of
      accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors of the Company.


•     conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
      and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to
      events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a
      going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
      attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial
      statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are
      based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
      events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    83     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
•     evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial
      statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements
      represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•     obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities
      or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial
      statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group
      audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in
internal control that we identify during our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable,
actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were
of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and
are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances,
we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
such communication.




Grant Thornton Hong Kong Limited
Certified Public Accountants
Level 12
28 Hennessy Road
Wanchai
Hong Kong


22 March 2021


Ng Ka Kong
Practising Certificate No.: P06919



                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   84     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2020




                                                                                          2020        2019
                                                                              Notes   HK$’000      HK$’000


Revenue                                                                         5
  – Goods and services                                                                 834,364      811,196
  – Rental income                                                                       10,888       10,569
  – Interest                                                                            24,089        7,133


Total revenues                                                                         869,341      828,898
Cost of sales                                                                         (668,238)    (640,783)


Gross profit                                                                           201,103      188,115
Other income                                                                   7A       43,317       27,367
Other gains and losses                                                         7B     (343,615)      15,302
(Impairment losses)/Reversal of impairment losses, net                          8       (27,255)      8,591
Gain/(Loss) on fair value changes of
  investment properties, net                                                   18     2,463,416    (202,594)
Loss on early redemption of promissory notes                                   38             –    (439,781)
Gain on re-measurement of previously held interests in
  an associate                                                                 42b            –     709,402
Selling and distribution expenses                                                       (12,110)    (10,806)
Administrative expenses                                                               (244,504)    (191,015)
Share of result of an associate                                                               –      (1,222)
Finance costs                                                                   9     (630,382)    (534,104)


Profit/(Loss) before income tax                                                       1,449,970    (430,745)
Income tax (expense)/credit                                                    10     (557,652)      26,056


Profit/(Loss) for the year                                                     11      892,318     (404,689)


Attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                                  885,185     (415,529)
Non-controlling interests                                                                 7,133      10,840


                                                                                       892,318     (404,689)


Earnings/(Loss) per share
Basic (HK cents)                                                               15         61.55      (28.89)


Diluted (HK cents)                                                             15         61.52      (28.89)


                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       85      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
        OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                          For the year ended 31 December 2020



                                                                                           2020       2019
                                                                                       HK$’000     HK$’000


Profit/(Loss) for the year                                                              892,318    (404,689)


Other comprehensive income/(expense)
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Gain on property revaluation                                                              1,188        725
Income tax relating to gain on property revaluation                                        (297)       (181)


Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign operations:
  – Subsidiaries                                                                        274,776    (119,184)
  – An associate                                                                              –        135


Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year,
  net of income tax                                                                     275,667    (118,505)


Total comprehensive income/(expense) for the year                                      1,167,985   (523,194)


Attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                                  1,160,554   (534,403)
Non-controlling interests                                                                 7,431     11,209


                                                                                       1,167,985   (523,194)




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED         86      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                           As at 31 December 2020




                                                                                      2020         2019
                                                                    Notes         HK$’000      HK$’000

NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                                         16            447,153      488,433
Prepaid lease payments                                                17              4,977        4,842
Investment properties                                                 18         11,839,176    8,863,251
Goodwill                                                              19             87,390       87,390
Other intangible assets                                               20             43,396       46,184
Investment in an associate                                            21                  –            –
Equity instrument at fair value through other
  comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)                                     22             8,899            –
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                           25            14,787       14,562


                                                                                 12,445,778    9,504,662


CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                                           23             36,538       67,062
Trade receivables                                                     24            449,409      321,088
Receivables arising from securities broking                           24            163,373       89,481
Loan receivables                                                      24            157,053            –
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                           25            425,961      368,781
Proposed development project                                          26          1,634,083    1,622,738
Tax recoverable                                                                       4,121        3,661
Financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                                           27             15,297      14,130
Cash held on behalf of clients                                        28            119,538       6,292
Bank balances and cash                                                29          1,268,295     585,052


                                                                                  4,273,668    3,078,285


CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade payables                                                        30            34,819       55,360
Payables arising from securities broking                              30           139,642       16,853
Contract liabilities                                                  31            35,743        5,141
Other payables and accruals                                           32           168,699      100,601
Bank borrowings and overdrafts                                        33           722,366      524,923
Amounts due to related parties                                        34            71,861       69,496
Lease liabilities                                                     35            33,893       29,794
Tax payable                                                                          6,605       17,696


                                                                                  1,213,628     819,864


NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                3,060,040    2,258,421


TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                            15,505,818   11,763,083



               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       87      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                          As at 31 December 2020




                                                                                       2020        2019
                                                                   Notes         HK$’000       HK$’000

EQUITY
Share capital                                                        39            143,821       143,821
Reserves                                                                         3,361,642     2,201,274


Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                     3,505,463     2,345,095
Non-controlling interests                                                          906,111       874,195


                                                                                 4,411,574     3,219,290


NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Deferred tax liabilities                                             36            914,565       339,709
Other payables and accruals                                          32             44,693        42,353
Loans from ultimate holding company                                  37            744,192       687,688
Promissory notes                                                     38                  –             –
Bank borrowings                                                      33          9,385,657     7,444,069
Lease liabilities                                                    35              5,137        29,974


                                                                                11,094,244     8,543,793


                                                                                15,505,818    11,763,083




                  Lin Xiaohui                                              Su Jiaohua
                     Director                                               Director




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED     88      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2020




                                                                                Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                  Shares        Share                               Assets Exchange                                     Non-
                                            Share       Share       to be     options    Statutory     Capital revaluation translation       Retained             controlling      Total
                                           capital   premium      issued      reserve      reserve     reserve     reserve     reserve         profits      Total interests       equity
                                         HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000                HK$’000      HK$’000 HK$’000        HK$’000
                                         (note 39)                           (note 40)     (note a)   (note b)

As at 1 January 2019                      143,571    1,907,379     11,498      15,054        2,949     586,594          30,650   (446,702)    627,455     2,878,448    53,978    2,932,426


(Loss)/Profit for the year                      –           –           –           –            –           –              –           –     (415,529)   (415,529)    10,840    (404,689)
Other comprehensive income/(expense)
  for the year:
Gain on property revaluation                    –           –           –           –            –           –            437           –            –         437        288         725
Income tax relating to gain on
  property revaluation                          –           –           –           –            –           –           (109)          –            –        (109)       (72)       (181)
Exchange differences arising on
  translation of foreign operations
  – Subsidiaries                                –           –           –           –            –           –              –    (119,337)           –    (119,337)       153    (119,184)
  – An associate                                –           –           –           –            –           –              –         135            –         135          –         135


Total comprehensive income/(expense)
  for the year                                  –           –           –           –            –           –            328    (119,202)    (415,529)   (534,403)    11,209    (523,194)


Acquisition of subsidiary (note 41)             –           –           –           –            –           –              –           –            –           –     19,971      19,971
Acquisition of assets through
  acquisition of subsidiary (note 42b)          –           –           –           –            –           –              –         (78)          78           –    774,437     774,437
Issue of shares                               250      11,248     (11,498)          –            –           –              –           –            –           –          –           –
Capital contributions from
  non-controlling interests                     –           –           –           –            –           –              –           –        1,050       1,050     14,600      15,650


Transactions with owners                      250      11,248     (11,498)          –            –           –              –         (78)       1,128       1,050    809,008     810,058


As at 31 December 2019                    143,821    1,918,627          –      15,054        2,949     586,594          30,978   (565,982)    213,054     2,345,095   874,195    3,219,290




                                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                         89           ANNUAL REPORT 2020
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020




                                                                                    Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                       Shares       Share                               Assets Exchange                                    Non-
                                                 Share       Share       to be    options    Statutory     Capital revaluation translation       Retained            controlling      Total
                                                capital   premium      issued     reserve      reserve     reserve     reserve     reserve         profits     Total interests       equity
                                              HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000                HK$’000     HK$’000 HK$’000        HK$’000
                                              (note 39)                          (note 40)     (note a)   (note b)


As at 1 January 2020                           143,821    1,918,627         –      15,054        2,949     586,594          30,978   (565,982)    213,054    2,345,095   874,195    3,219,290


Profit for the year                                  –           –          –           –            –           –              –           –     885,185     885,185      7,133     892,318
Other comprehensive income/(expense)
  for the year:
Gain on property revaluation                         –           –          –           –            –           –            728           –           –         728        460       1,188
Income tax relating to gain on
   property revaluation                              –           –          –           –            –           –           (182)          –           –        (182)      (115)       (297)
Exchange differences arising on translation
  of foreign operations
  – Subsidiaries                                     –           –          –           –            –           –              –    274,823            –     274,823        (47)    274,776


Total comprehensive income for the year              –           –          –           –            –           –            546    274,823      885,185    1,160,554     7,431    1,167,985


Capital contributions from
  non-controlling interests                          –           –          –           –            –           –              –           –        (186)       (186)    24,485      24,299


Transactions with owners                             –           –          –           –            –           –              –           –        (186)       (186)    24,485      24,299


As at 31 December 2020                         143,821    1,918,627         –      15,054        2,949     586,594          31,524   (291,159)   1,098,053   3,505,463   906,111    4,411,574

Notes:

(a)         In accordance with the Articles of Association of all subsidiaries established in the People’s Republic of
            China (the “PRC”), those subsidiaries are required to transfer 5% to 10% of the profit after income tax
            to the statutory reserve until the reserve reaches 50% of the corresponding registered capital. Transfer
            to reserve must be made before the distribution of dividends to equity holders. The statutory reserve
            can be used to make up for previous years’ losses, expand the existing operations or convert into
            additional capital of the subsidiaries.

(b)         Capital reserve of HK$586,594,000 represents the deemed contribution by Dr. Lin Xiaohui (“Dr. Lin”)
            and Madam Su Jiaohua (“Madam Su”) through Manureen Holdings Limited (“Manureen Holdings”) as
            the controlling shareholders of Realord Group Holdings Limited ( the “Company”), in the acquisition
            of assets through acquisition of subsidiaries by the Company from them in 2018. The contribution by
            the controlling shareholders represents the difference between the net assets acquired (net of settlement
            of outstanding debts) of HK$7,909,770,000 and the fair value of total consideration of HK$7,323,176,000.




                                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                              90           ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2020




                                                                                          2020         2019
                                                                              Notes    HK$’000      HK$’000
Operating activities
Profit/(Loss) before income tax                                                       1,449,970     (430,745)
Adjustments for:
Amortisation for other intangible asset                                                   2,788            –
Depreciation
  – Owned assets                                                                         25,517       12,669
  – Right-of-use assets                                                                  33,158       28,191
  – Prepaid lease payments                                                                  112          122
Exchange loss/(gain) on loans from ultimate holding
  company                                                                                14,824      (13,014)
Exchange loss on promissory notes                                                             –       33,749
Exchange loss on bank borrowings                                                        493,916            –
Finance costs                                                                   9       630,382      534,104
Bank interest income                                                           7A       (26,531)     (13,481)
Dividend income                                                                7A          (219)           –
Interest income from margin financing                                                   (13,421)      (7,133)
Interest income on credit-impaired loan receivables                            7A        (7,062)      (5,981)
Gain on re-measurement of previously held interests in an
  associate                                                                    42b             –    (709,402)
(Gain)/Loss on fair value changes of investment properties,
  net                                                                          18     (2,463,416)    202,594
Loss on early redemption of promissory notes                                   38              –     439,781
Impairment losses/(Reversal of impairment losses), net                          8         27,255      (8,591)
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                              7B             58           –
Revaluation deficit on property, plant and equipment                           7B         23,369          31
Unrealised fair value loss/(gain) on financial assets at FVTPL                 7B          4,353      (3,737)
Share of result of an associate                                                                –       1,222

Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                                195,053       60,379
Decrease in inventories                                                                  30,524       78,134
(Increase)/Decrease in trade receivables                                               (133,003)     184,843
Increase in receivables arising from securities broking                                 (75,839)     (26,718)
Increase in loan receivables                                                           (177,679)           –
(Increase)/Decrease in prepayments, deposits and other
  receivables                                                                           (69,184)       9,339
Increase in proposed development project                                                 (8,534)     (11,954)
(Increase)/Decrease in financial assets at FVTPL                                         (5,520)      86,237
(Increase)/Decrease in cash held on behalf of clients                                  (113,246)       2,162
Decrease in trade payables                                                              (20,541)    (167,415)
Increase/(Decrease) in payables arising from securities
  broking                                                                               122,789       (2,792)
Increase in contract liabilities                                                         30,602          218
Increase in other payables and accruals                                                  58,198        1,736

Cash (used in)/generated from operations                                               (166,380)     214,169
Interest received                                                                        13,421        7,133
Income taxes paid                                                                       (14,694)      (2,744)

Net cash (used in)/from operating activities                                           (167,653)     218,558



                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED         91      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2020




                                                                                          2020          2019
                                                                              Notes    HK$’000       HK$’000
Investing activities
Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                   –      (536,042)
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                               (22,961)       (6,026)
Payment for acquisition of an equity investment                                22        (8,899)            –
Additions to investment properties                                             18             –           (39)
Payment for purchased or originated credit-impaired loan
  receivables                                                                                 –       (53,575)
Lending of a loan receivable                                                                  –      (102,346)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                      85             –
Proceeds from disposal of an equity instrument                                                –        30,681
Proceeds from repayment of a loan receivable                                                  –       101,746
Proceeds from repayment of other receivables
  from a local government authority                                                      18,841             –
Bank interest received                                                                   26,531        13,481
Dividend received                                                                           219             –

Net cash from/(used in) investing activities                                             13,816      (552,120)

Financing activities
New bank borrowings raised                                                             1,984,979     3,581,779
Loans from ultimate holding company                                                    3,434,748     2,100,206
Proceeds from related parties                                                                  –         6,738
Repayment of bank borrowings                                                            (553,189)     (876,481)
Repayment of promissory notes                                                  38              –    (2,006,365)
Repayment to ultimate holding company                                                 (3,393,068)   (2,220,964)
Repayment to related parties                                                              (1,549)      (37,938)
Payment of lease liabilities                                                             (33,064)      (27,327)
Proceeds on disposal of partial interests in a subsidiary                                      –        13,000
Proceeds from issue of shares to non-controlling interests                                24,485         2,650
Interest paid                                                                           (628,042)     (492,225)

Net cash from financing activities                                                      835,300        43,073

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                    681,463      (290,489)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                  565,052       876,544
Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates                                              21,780       (21,003)

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                      1,268,295       565,052


Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year,
  represented by
Bank balances and cash                                                                1,268,295       585,052
Bank overdrafts                                                                33             –       (20,000)

                                                                                      1,268,295       565,052




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED         92      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




1.   GENERAL
     The Company is a public limited company incorporated in Bermuda and its shares are listed
     on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). Its
     parent and ultimate holding company is Manureen Holdings, a private limited company
     incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”). The ultimate shareholders of Manureen
     Holdings are Dr. Lin and Madam Su, who own 70% and 30% equity interests of Manureen
     Holdings, respectively. Dr. Lin is also the chairman and an executive director of the
     Company and Madam Su is an executive director of the Company. The addresses of the
     registered office and principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in the
     “Corporate Information” section to the annual report.


     The Company acts as an investment holding company. The principal activities of its principal
     subsidiaries are set out in note 52.


     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollar (“HK$”), which is
     also the functional currency of the Company.


     In these consolidated financial statements, certain English name of the companies referred
     herein represent the management’s best effort to translate the Chinese name of the companies
     as no English name has been registered.


     The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 were approved
     for issue by the board of directors on 22 March 2021.


2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL
     REPORTING STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”)
     Amendments to HKFRSs that are effective for the current year
     The Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by the Hong Kong
     Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) for the first time in the current year:


     Amendments to HKFRS 3                                                 Definition of a Business
     Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39 and HKFRS 7                            Interest Rate Benchmark Reform
     Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKAS 8                                       Definition of Material

     The application of the amendments to HKFRSs in the current year has had no material impact
     on the Group’s financial performance and positions for the current and prior years and/or on
     the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        93      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HKFRSs (Continued)
     New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective
     The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have
     been issued but are not yet effective:


     HKFRS 17                                               Insurance Contracts and related amendments3
     Amendments to HKFRS 3                                  Reference to the Conceptual Framework5
     Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39,                        Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 21
         HKFRS 7, HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16
     Amendments to HKFRS 10                                 Sale or Contribution of Assets between an
         and HKAS 28                                          Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture4
     Amendments to HKFRS 16                                 Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions6
     Amendments to HKAS 1                                   Classification of Liabilities as Current or
                                                              Non-current3
     Amendments to HKAS 16                                  Property, Plant and Equipment – Proceeds
                                                              before Intended Use2
     Amendments to HKAS 37                                  Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a
                                                              Contract2
     Amendments to HKFRSs                                   Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-20202
     Accounting Guideline 5 (Revised)                       Merger Accounting for Common
                                                              Control Combination5

     1
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021
     2
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022
     3
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023
     4
            Effective date not yet determined
     5
            Effective for business combination/common control combination for which the acquisition/
            combination date is on or after the beginning of the first annual period beginning on or after 1
            January 2022
     6
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 June 2020


     The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of the new and amendments to
     HKFRSs will have no material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED         94      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRSs issued
     by the HKICPA. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable
     disclosure requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock
     Exchange (the “Listing Rules”) and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except
     for certain properties and financial instruments that are measured at revalued amounts or
     fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting policies set out
     below.


     Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for
     goods and services.


     Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in
     an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of
     whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In
     estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the
     characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics
     into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for
     measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is
     determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the
     scope of HKFRS 2 “Share-based Payment”, leasing transactions that are accounted for in
     accordance with HKFRS 16 “Leases”, and measurements that have some similarities to fair
     value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in HKAS 2 “Inventories” or value in
     use in HKAS 36 “Impairment of Assets”.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        95      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s
     ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by
     selling it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.


     For financial instruments and properties which are transacted at fair value and a valuation
     technique that unobservable inputs are to be used to measure fair value in subsequent
     periods, the valuation technique is calibrated so that at initial recognition the results of the
     valuation technique equals the transaction price.


     In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into
     Level 1, 2 or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are
     observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety,
     which are described as follows:


     • Level 1:    inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or
                   liabilities that the Group can access at the measurement date;


     • Level 2:    inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are
                   observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, and not using
                   significant unobservable inputs; and


     • Level 3:    inputs are significant unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       96      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     The principal accounting policies are set out below.


     3.1   Basis of consolidation
           The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the
           Company and entities controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is
           achieved when the Company:


           •     has power over the investee;


           •     is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the
                 investee; and


           •     has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.


           The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances
           indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed
           above.


           Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the
           subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically,
           income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are
           included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss from the date the Group gains
           control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.


           Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the
           owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive
           income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the Company and to the
           non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a
           deficit balance.


           When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to
           bring their accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.


           All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating
           to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.


           Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s
           equity therein, which represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a
           proportionate share of net assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        97      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.1   Basis of consolidation (Continued)
           Changes in the Group’s investments in subsidiaries that do not result in a loss of
           control are accounted for as equity transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the
           amounts of controlling interests within consolidated equity to reflect the change in
           relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain or loss is
           recognised.


           In the Company’s statement of financial position, subsidiaries are carried at cost less
           any impairment loss unless the subsidiary is held for sale or included in a disposal
           group. Cost is adjusted to reflect changes in consideration arising from contingent
           consideration amendments. Cost also includes direct attributable costs of investment.


           The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividends
           received and receivable at the reporting date. All dividends whether received out of
           the investee’s pre or post-acquisition profits are recognised in the Company’s profit or
           loss.


     3.2   Business combinations
           Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The
           consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at fair value, which is
           calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred by the
           Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the
           equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree.
           Acquisition-related costs are generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       98      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.2   Business combinations (Continued)
           At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are
           recognised at their fair values, except that:


           •     deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee
                 benefit arrangements are recognised and measured in accordance with HKAS 12
                 “Income Taxes” and HKAS 19 “Employee Benefits”, respectively;


           •     liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of
                 the acquiree or share-based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to
                 replace share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree are measured in
                 accordance with HKFRS 2 at the acquisition date (see the accounting policy
                 below);


           •     assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with
                 HKFRS 5 “Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations” are
                 measured in accordance with that standard; and


           •     lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the
                 remaining lease payments (as defined in HKFRS 16) as if the acquired leases
                 were new leases at the acquisition date, except for leases for which the lease term
                 ends within 12 months of the acquisition date. Right-of-use assets are recognised
                 and measured at the same amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to
                 reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when compared with
                 market terms.


           Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the
           amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the
           acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any) over the net amount
           of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as at acquisition date. If,
           after reassessment, the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
           assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any
           non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously
           held interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit or
           loss as a bargain purchase gain.


           Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders
           to a proportionate share of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of
           liquidation are initially measured at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share
           of the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets or at fair value. The
           choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis.


               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        99      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.2   Business combinations (Continued)
           When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes a
           contingent consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its
           acquisition-date fair value and included as part of the consideration transferred in a
           business combination. Changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration that
           qualify as measurement period adjustments are adjusted retrospectively. Measurement
           period adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional information obtained
           during the “measurement period” (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition
           date) about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.


           The subsequent accounting for the contingent consideration that do not qualify as
           measurement period adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration is
           classified. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured at
           subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within
           equity. Contingent consideration that is classified as an asset or a liability is
           remeasured to fair value at subsequent reporting dates, with the corresponding gain or
           loss being recognised in profit or loss.


     3.3   Acquisition of a subsidiary not constituting a business
           When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a
           business, the Group identifies and recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired
           and liabilities assumed by allocating the purchase price first to financial assets and
           financial liabilities at the respective fair values, the remaining balance of the purchase
           price is then allocated to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis of their
           relative fair values at the date of purchase. Such a transaction does not give rise to
           goodwill or bargain purchase gain.


     3.4   Goodwill
           Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the
           date of acquisition of the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated
           impairment losses, if any.


           For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s
           cash-generating units (“CGUs”) (or groups of CGUs) that is expected to benefit from
           the synergies of the combination, which represent the lowest level at which the
           goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and not larger than an
           operating segment.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       100      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.4   Goodwill (Continued)
           A cash-generating unit (“CGU”) (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill has been
           allocated is tested for impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication
           that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting
           period, the CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for
           impairment before the end of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount is less
           than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying
           amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the
           carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of CGUs). Any impairment loss for
           goodwill is recognised directly in profit or loss. An impairment loss recognised for
           goodwill is not reversed in subsequent periods.

           On disposal of the relevant CGU or any of the CGU within the group of CGUs, the
           attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount of
           profit or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation within the CGU (or
           a CGU within a group of CGUs), the amount of goodwill disposed of is measured on
           the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the CGU) disposed of and the
           portion of the CGU (or the group of CGUs) retained.


           The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate is described
           in note 3.5.


     3.5   Investment in an associate
           An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant
           influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of
           the investee but is not control or joint control over those policies.

           The results and assets and liabilities of an associate are incorporated in these
           consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting. The financial
           statements of an associate used for equity accounting purpose are prepared using
           uniform accounting policies as those of the Group for like transactions and events in
           similar circumstances. Under the equity method, an investment in an associate is
           initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost and
           adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other
           comprehensive income of the associate. Changes in net assets of the associate other
           than profit or loss and other comprehensive income are not accounted for unless such
           changes resulted in changes in ownership interest held by the Group. When the
           Group’s share of losses of an associate exceeds the Group’s investment in that associate
           (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net
           investment in the associate), the Group discontinues recognising its share of further
           losses. Additional losses are recognised only to the extent that the Group has incurred
           legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.



              REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      101      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.5   Investment in an associate (Continued)
           An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date
           on which the investee becomes an associate. On acquisition of the investment in an
           associate, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair
           value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill,
           which is included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the
           Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost
           of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the
           period in which the investment is acquired.


           The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the investment in an
           associate may be impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying
           amount of the investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance
           with HKAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value
           in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment
           loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the
           carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised
           in accordance with HKAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the
           investment subsequently increases.


           When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate, it is accounted
           for as a disposal of the entire interest in the investee with a resulting gain or loss being
           recognised in profit or loss. The difference between the carrying amount of the
           associate and the fair value of any retained interest and any proceeds from disposing of
           the relevant interest in the associate is included in the determination of the gain or loss
           on disposal of the associate. In addition, the Group accounts for all amounts previously
           recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that associate on the same
           basis as would be required if that associate had directly disposed of the related assets
           or liabilities. Therefore, if a gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive
           income by that associate would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the
           related assets or liabilities, the Group reclassifies the gain or loss from equity to profit
           or loss (as a reclassification adjustment) upon disposal/partial disposal of the relevant
           associate.


     3.6   Revenue
           The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e.
           when control of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation
           is transferred to the customer.


           A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or
           services) that is distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially
           the same.



               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      102      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.6   Revenue (Continued)
           Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to
           the progress towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if
           one of the following criteria is met:


           •     the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the
                 Group’s performance as the Group performs;


           •     the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls
                 as the Group performs; or


           •     the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the
                 Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance
                 completed to date.


           Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control
           of the distinct good or service.


           A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or
           services that the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is
           assessed for impairment in accordance with HKFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable
           represents the Group’s unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of
           time is required before payment of that consideration is due.


           A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a
           customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of
           consideration is due) from the customer.


           A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for
           and presented on a net basis.


           For over time revenue recognition, the progress towards complete satisfaction of a
           performance obligation is measured based on output method, which is to recognise
           revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of the goods or services
           transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services
           promised under the contract, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring
           control of goods or services.


           Dividend income is recognised when the right to receive payment is established.


           The Group’s accounting policy for rental income is described in note 3.7.


               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        103      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.7   Leases
           Definition of a lease and the Group as a lessee
           At inception of a contract, the Group considers whether a contract is, or contains a
           lease. A lease is defined as “a contract, or part of a contract, that conveys the right to
           use an identified asset (the underlying asset) for a period of time in exchange for
           consideration”. To apply this definition, the Group assesses whether the contract meets
           three key evaluations which are whether:


           •     the contract contains an identified asset, which is either explicitly identified in
                 the contract or implicitly specified by being identified at the time the asset is
                 made available to the Group;


           •     the Group has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from
                 use of the identified asset throughout the period of use, considering its rights
                 within the defined scope of the contract; and


           •     the Group has the right to direct the use of the identified asset throughout the
                 period of use. The Group assess whether it has the right to direct “how and for
                 what purpose” the asset is used throughout the period of use.


           For contracts that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or
           non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each
           lease and non-lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone prices.


           Measurement and recognition of leases as a lessee
           At lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease
           liability on the consolidated statement of financial position. The right-of-use asset is
           measured at cost, which is made up of the initial measurement of the lease liability,
           any initial direct costs incurred by the Group, an estimate of any costs to dismantle and
           remove the underlying asset at the end of the lease, and any lease payments made in
           advance of the lease commencement date (net of any lease incentives received).


           Except for those right-of-use assets meeting the definition of investment properties and
           those relating to a class of property, plant and equipment to which revaluation model
           was applied, the Group depreciates the right-of-use assets on a straight-line basis from
           the lease commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the
           right-of-use asset or the end of the lease term unless the Group is reasonably certain to
           obtain ownership at the end of the lease term. The Group also assesses the right-of-use
           asset (except for those meeting the definition of investment properties) for impairment
           when such indicator exists.



               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       104      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.7   Leases (Continued)
           Definition of a lease and the Group as a lessee (Continued)
           Measurement and recognition of leases as a lessee (Continued)
           At the commencement date, the Group measures the lease liability at the present value
           of the lease payments unpaid at that date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in
           the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group’s incremental
           borrowing rate.


           Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability are made up of fixed
           payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable,
           variable payments based on an index or rate, and amounts expected to be payable
           under a residual value guarantee. The lease payments also include the exercise price of
           a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payment of
           penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the
           option to terminate.


           Subsequent to initial measurement, the liability will be reduced for lease payments
           made and increased for interest cost on the lease liability. It is remeasured to reflect
           any reassessment or lease modification, or if there are changes in in-substance fixed
           payments.


           The Group remeasures lease liabilities whenever:


           •     there are changes in lease term or in the assessment of exercise of a purchase
                 option, in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the
                 revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.


           •     the lease payments changes due to changes in market rental rates following a
                 market rent review, in which cases the related lease liability is remeasured by
                 discounting the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate.


           For lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group
           remeasures the lease liability based on the lease term of the modified lease by
           discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective
           date of modification.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       105      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.7   Leases (Continued)
           Definition of a lease and the Group as a lessee (Continued)
           Measurement and recognition of leases as a lessee (Continued)
           When the lease is remeasured, the corresponding adjustment is reflected in the
           right-of-use asset, or profit and loss if the right-of-use asset is already reduced to zero.


           The Group has elected to account for short-term leases using the practical expedients.
           Instead of recognising a right-of-use asset and lease liability, the payments in relation
           to these leases are recognised as an expense in profit or loss on a straight-line basis
           over the lease term. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 month or less.


           On the consolidated statement of financial position, right-of-use assets that do not meet
           the definition of investment property have been included in “Property, plant and
           equipment”. Right-of-use assets that meet the definition of investment property are
           presented within “Investment properties”. The prepaid lease payments for leasehold
           land are presented as “Prepaid lease payments” under non-current assets.


           Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted for under HKFRS 9 and initially
           measured at fair value. Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered
           as additional lease payments and included in the cost of right-of-use assets.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       106      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.7   Leases (Continued)
           The Group as a lessor
           As a lessor, the Group classifies its leases as either operating or finance leases.


           A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and
           rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset, and classified as an operating
           lease if it does not.


           The Group also earns rental income from operating leases of its investment properties.
           Rental income is recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.


           Prepaid lease payments
           “Prepaid lease payments” (which meet the definition of right-of-use assets) represent
           the upfront payment for long-term land lease in which the payment can be reliably
           measured. It is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated
           impairment losses. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the term of
           the lease/right-of-use except where an alternative basis is more representative of the
           time pattern of benefits to be derived by the Group from use of the land.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       107      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.8   Foreign currencies
           In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in
           currencies other than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are
           recognised at the rates of exchanges prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the
           end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are
           retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair
           value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing
           on the date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are
           measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.


           Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the
           retranslation of monetary items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which
           they arise.


           For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and
           liabilities of the Group’s operations are translated into the presentation currency of the
           Group (i.e. HK$) using exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period.
           Income and expenses items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period,
           unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly during that period, in which case the
           exchange rates at the date of transactions are used. Exchange differences arising, if any,
           are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the
           heading of exchange translation reserve (attributed to non-controlling interests as
           appropriate).


           On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group’s entire interest
           in a foreign operation, or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that
           includes a foreign operation, or a partial disposal of an interest in a joint arrangement
           or an associate that includes a foreign operation of which the retained interest becomes
           a financial asset), all of the exchange differences accumulated in equity in respect of
           that operation attributable to the owners of the Company are reclassified to profit or
           loss.


           Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an
           acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of that foreign
           operation and translated at the rate of exchange prevailing at the end of each reporting
           period. Exchange differences arising are recognised in other comprehensive income.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      108      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.9    Borrowing costs
            Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of
            qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to
            get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets until such
            time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.


            Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending
            their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for
            capitalisation.


            All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they
            are incurred.


     3.10   Employee benefits
            Retirement benefit costs
            Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are recognised as an expense
            when employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.


            Short-term employee benefits
            Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the
            benefits expected to be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All
            short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense unless another HKFRS
            requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.


            A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries,
            annual leave and sick leave) after deducting any amount already paid.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        109      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.10   Employee benefits (Continued)
            Share-based payment arrangements
            Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar
            services are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.


            The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date
            without taking into consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a
            straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity
            instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (share
            options reserve). At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of
            the number of equity instruments expected to vest based on assessment of all relevant
            non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if
            any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised
            estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the share options reserve.


            When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share options
            reserve will be transferred to share premium. When the share options are forfeited after
            the vesting date or are still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously
            recognised in share options reserve will be transferred to retained profits.


     3.11   Taxation
            Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.


            The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs
            from profit/(loss) before income tax because of income or expense that are taxable or
            deductible in other years and items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s
            liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or
            substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

            Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of
            assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax
            bases used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally
            recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally
            recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that
            taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences
            can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the
            temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business
            combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable
            profit nor the accounting profit. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised
            if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      110      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.11   Taxation (Continued)
            Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with
            investments in subsidiaries and an associate, except where the Group is able to control
            the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary
            difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from
            deductible temporary differences associated with such investments are only recognised
            to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against
            which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to
            reverse in the foreseeable future.


            The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting
            period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable
            profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.


            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to
            apply in the period in which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax
            rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the
            reporting period.


            The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that
            would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting
            period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.


            For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for investment properties that are
            measured using the fair value model, the carrying amounts of such properties are
            presumed to be recovered entirely through sale, unless the presumption is rebutted.
            The presumption is rebutted when the investment property is depreciable and is held
            within a business model whose objective is to consume substantially all of the
            economic benefits embodied in the investment property over time, rather than through
            sale.


            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to
            set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income
            taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the same taxation authority.


            Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to
            items that are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which
            case, the current and deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income
            or directly in equity respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the
            initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the
            accounting for the business combination.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      111      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.12   Property, plant and equipment
            Property, plant and equipment (other than cost of right-of-use assets as described in
            note 3.7) including leasehold land and buildings held for use in the production or
            supply of goods or services, or for administrative purposes are stated in the
            consolidated statement of financial position at cost or revalued amount less subsequent
            accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.


            Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost or valuation of assets less their
            residual values, if any, over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line basis.
            The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at
            the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted
            for on a prospective basis.


            Any revaluation increase arising from revaluation of leasehold land and buildings is
            recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in assets revaluation
            reserve, except to the extent that it reverses a revaluation decrease of the same asset
            previously recognise in profit or loss, in which case the increase is credited to profit or
            loss to the extent of the decrease previously charged. A decrease in net carrying
            amount arising on revaluation of property, plant and equipment is recognised in profit
            or loss to the extent that it exceeds the balance, if any, on the assets revaluation reserve
            relating to a previous revaluation of that asset. On the subsequent sale or retirement of
            a revalued asset, the attributable revaluation surplus is transferred to retained profits.


            An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no
            future economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any
            gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and
            equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying
            amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      112      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.13   Investment properties
            Investment properties are properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital
            appreciation. Investment properties include land held for undetermined future use,
            which is regarded as held for capital appreciation purpose.


            Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including any directly attributable
            expenditure. Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are measured at
            fair value, adjusted to exclude any prepaid or accrued operating lease income. Gains or
            losses arising from changes in the fair value of investment properties are included in
            profit or loss for the period in which they arise.


            An investment property is derecognised upon disposal or when the investment
            property is permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefits are
            expected from its disposal. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the property
            (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying
            amount of the asset) is included in profit or loss in the period in which the property is
            derecognised.


            When the use of a property changes such that it is reclassified as property, plant and
            equipment, its fair value at the date of reclassification becomes its cost for subsequent
            accounting.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       113      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.14   Intangible assets
            Intangible assets acquired in a business combination
            Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from
            goodwill and are initially recognised at their fair values at the acquisition date (which
            is regarded as their costs).


            Intangible asset acquired in a business combination with finite useful life is carried at
            cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses.
            Amortisation for intangible asset with finite useful life is recognised on straight-line
            basis over its estimated useful life. Amortisation commences when the intangible asset
            is available for use. The following useful life is applied:


            Trademark                        10 years


            Licenses acquired in a business combination with indefinite useful lives are carried at
            cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.


            The licenses have a legal life of one year but is renewable every one year at minimal
            cost. The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the Group would renew the
            licenses continuously and has the ability to do so. Licenses have been considered to
            have an indefinite life because they are expected to contribute to the net cash flows of
            the Group indefinitely, and are not amortised.


            At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the amortisation method of an
            intangible asset with finite useful life and the useful life of an intangible asset that is
            not being amortised to determine whether events and circumstances continue to
            support an indefinite useful life assessment of that asset.


            An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits
            are expected from use or disposal. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an
            intangible asset, measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the
            carrying amount of the asset, are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is
            derecognised.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       114      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.15   Impairment on tangible and intangible assets other than goodwill
            At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its
            tangible assets (including property, plant and equipment (including right-of-use assets)
            and prepaid lease payments), proposed development project, intangible assets with
            finite useful lives and the Company’s investments in subsidiaries to determine whether
            there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such
            indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to
            determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). Intangible assets with indefinite
            useful lives are tested for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an
            indication that they may be impaired.

            The recoverable amount of these tangible and intangible assets are estimated
            individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an asset
            individually, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the CGU to which the
            asset belongs.

            In testing a CGU for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant CGU
            when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise
            they are allocated to the smallest group of CGUs for which a reasonable and consistent
            allocation basis can be established. The recoverable amount is determined for the CGU
            or group of CGUs to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the
            carrying amount of the relevant CGU or group of CGUs.

            Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use.
            In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their
            present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of
            the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a CGU) for which the
            estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

            If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a CGU) is estimated to be less than its
            carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a CGU) is reduced to its
            recoverable amount. For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot
            be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis to a CGU, the Group compares the
            carrying amount of a group of CGUs, including the carrying amounts of the corporate
            assets or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group of CGUs, with the
            recoverable amount of the group of CGUs. In allocating the impairment loss, the
            impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if
            applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying
            amount of each asset in the unit or the group of CGUs. The carrying amount of an asset
            is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable),
            its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that
            would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other
            assets of the unit or the group of CGUs. An impairment loss is recognised immediately
            in profit or loss.


                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      115      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.15   Impairment on tangible and intangible assets other than goodwill (Continued)
            Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or
            CGU or a group of CGUs) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable
            amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying
            amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for
            the asset (or a CGU or a group of CGUs) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment
            loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.


     3.16   Inventories
            Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories
            are determined on a weighted average method. Net realisable value represents the
            estimated selling price for inventories less all estimated costs of completion and costs
            necessary to make the sale.


     3.17   Provisions
            Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or
            constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required
            to settle that obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the
            obligation.


            The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required
            to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account
            the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured
            using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is
            the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is
            material).


            When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected
            to be recovered from a third party, a receivable is recognised as an asset if it is virtually
            certain that reimbursement will be received and the amount of the receivable can be
            measured reliably.


     3.18   Financial instruments
            Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a
            party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or
            sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular
            way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of
            assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market
            place.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       116      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.18   Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for
            trade receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in
            accordance with HKFRS 15. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the
            acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial
            assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL) are added to or deducted from the fair value of
            the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.
            Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial
            liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or loss.


            The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a
            financial asset or financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest
            expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly
            discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points
            paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction
            costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset
            or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying
            amount on initial recognition.


            Interest income which are derived from the Group’s ordinary course of business are
            presented as revenue.


            For purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, a credit-adjusted effective
            interest rate is calculated by discounting the estimated future cash flows, including
            expected credit losses (“ECL”), to the amortised cost on initial recognition.


            Financial assets
            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
            Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at
            amortised cost:


            •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect
                  contractual cash flows; and


            •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
                  payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       117      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.18   Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial assets (Continued)
            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)
            Financial assets (debt investments) that meet the following conditions are subsequently
            measured at FVTOCI:


            •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by
                  both selling and collecting contractual cash flows; and


            •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
                  payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.


            All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial
            recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent
            changes in fair value of an equity investment in other comprehensive income if that
            equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised
            by an acquirer in a business combination to which HKFRS 3 “Business Combinations”
            applies.


            A financial asset is held for trading if:


            •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or


            •     on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments
                  that the Group manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term
                  profit-taking; or


            •     it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.


            In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to
            be measured at the amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so
            eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       118      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                         For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.18   Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial assets (Continued)
            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)
            (i)      Amortised cost and interest income
                     Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial
                     assets measured subsequently at amortised cost and debt instruments/
                     receivables subsequently measured at FVTOCI. For financial instruments other
                     than purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, interest income is
                     calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of
                     a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become
                     credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have subsequently become
                     credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest
                     rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If
                     the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the
                     financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by
                     applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial
                     asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that
                     the asset is no longer credit-impaired.


                     For purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, the Group
                     recognises interest income by applying the credit-adjusted effective interest rate
                     to the amortised cost of the financial asset from initial recognition. The
                     calculation does not revert to the gross basis even if the credit risk of the
                     financial asset subsequently improves so that the financial asset is no longer
                     credit-impaired.


            (ii)     Equity instruments designated at FVTOCI
                     Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair
                     value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other
                     comprehensive income and accumulated in reserve; and are not subject to
                     impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to
                     profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to
                     retained profits.


                     Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit
                     or loss when the Group’s right to receive the dividends is established, unless the
                     dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the investment.
                     Dividends are included in the “Other income” line item in profit or loss.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       119      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                         For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.18   Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial assets (Continued)
            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)
            (iii)     Financial assets at FVTPL
                      Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised
                      cost or FVTOCI or designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.


                      Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
                      period, with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net
                      gain or loss recognised in profit or loss includes any dividend or interest earned
                      on the financial asset and is included in the “Other gains and losses” line item.


            Impairment of financial assets
            The Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on financial assets
            which are subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (including trade and other
            receivables, receivables arising from securities broking, loan receivables, cash held on
            behalf of clients and bank balances). The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting
            date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.


            Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over
            the expected life of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”)
            represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that
            are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessments are done based on
            the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the
            debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions
            at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.


            The Group recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables, receivables arising from
            securities broking and loan receivables. The ECL on these assets are assessed
            individually for each debtor and those balances that are credit-impaired.




                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      120      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.18   Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial assets (Continued)
            Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
            For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL,
            unless there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in
            which case the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL
            should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a
            default occurring since initial recognition.


            (i)     Significant increase in credit risk
                    In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial
                    recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial
                    instrument at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the
                    financial instrument at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment,
                    the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is
                    reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking
                    information that is available without undue cost or effort.


                    In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing
                    whether credit risk has increased significantly:


                    •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s
                          external (if available) or internal credit rating;


                    •     significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a
                          significant increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for
                          the debtor;




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       121      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.18   Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial assets (Continued)
            Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
            (i)      Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)
                     •     existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic
                           conditions that are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s
                           ability to meet its debt obligations;


                     •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of
                           the debtor; or


                     •     an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory,
                           economic, or technological environment of the debtor that results in a
                           significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.


                     Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that
                     the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition when
                     contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has
                     reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.


                     The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify
                     whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as
                     appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant
                     increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.


            (ii)     Definition of default
                     For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default
                     occurs when information developed internally or obtained from external sources
                     indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in
                     full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).


                     Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a
                     financial asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable
                     and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion
                     is more appropriate.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      122      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.18   Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial assets (Continued)
            Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
            (iii)     Credit-impaired financial assets
                      A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a
                      detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have
                      occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable
                      data about the following events:


                      (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;


                      (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;


                      (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating
                            to the borrower’s financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a
                            concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider;


                      (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other
                            financial reorganisation; or


                      (e)   the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of
                            financial difficulties.


            (iv)      Write off policy
                      The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that
                      the counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect
                      of recovery, for example, when the counterparty has been placed under
                      liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings whichever occurs sooner.
                      Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under
                      the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where
                      appropriate. A write off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent
                      recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.




                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       123      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.18   Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial assets (Continued)
            Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
            (v)     Measurement and recognition of ECL
                    The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given
                    default (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at
                    default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is
                    based on historical data and forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL
                    reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with
                    the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.


                    Generally, the ECL is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash
                    flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash
                    flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate
                    determined at initial recognition.


                    Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial
                    asset unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is
                    calculated based on amortised cost of the financial asset.


                    The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial
                    instruments and the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss
                    allowance account.


            Derecognition of financial assets
            The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash
            flows from the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all
            the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity.


            On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference
            between the asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and
            receivable is recognised in profit or loss.


            On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected
            on initial recognition to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously
            accumulated in reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to retained
            profits.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      124      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.18   Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial liabilities and equity
            Classification as debt or equity
            Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in
            accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a
            financial liability and an equity instrument.

            Equity instruments
            An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of
            an entity after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the
            Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

            Financial liabilities
            All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective
            interest method or at FVTPL.

            Derecognition of financial liabilities
            The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s
            obligations are discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the
            carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and
            payable is recognised in profit or loss.

            Offsetting a financial asset and a financial liability
            A financial asset and a financial liability are offset and the net amount is presented in
            the consolidated statement of financial position when, and only when, the Group
            currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts; and intends
            either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability
            simultaneously.

     3.19   Government grants
            Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a
            reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and the Group will comply with
            all attached conditions. Government grants are deferred and recognised in profit or
            loss over the period necessary to match them with the costs that the grants are
            intended to compensate. Government grants relating to the purchase of assets are
            included in liabilities as “Other payables and accruals” in the consolidated statement of
            financial position and are recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the
            expected lives of the related assets/deducted from the carrying amount of the asset
            and consequently are effectively recognised in profit or loss over the useful life of the
            asset by way of reduced depreciation expense.

            Government grants relating to income is presented in gross under “Other income” in
            the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED         125      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                           For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.20   Related parties
            For the purposes of these consolidated financial statements, a party is considered to be
            related to the Group if:


            (a)     the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and if that person:


                    (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;


                    (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or


                    (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent
                            of the Group.


            (b)     the party is an entity and if any of the following conditions applies:


                    (i)     the entity and the Group are members of the same group.


                    (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate
                            or joint venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a
                            member).


                    (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party.


                    (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an
                            associate of the third entity.


                    (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of
                            either the Group or an entity related to the Group.


                    (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).


                    (vii) a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a
                            member of the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of
                            the entity).


                    (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key
                            management personnel services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.


            Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be
            expected to influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED          126      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.21   Cash and cash equivalents
            Cash and cash equivalents include cash at bank and in hand, demand deposits with
            banks and short term highly liquid investments with original maturities of three
            months or less that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and which are
            subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. For the purpose of the consolidated
            statement of cash flows presentation, cash and cash equivalents include bank
            overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s
            cash management.


     3.22   Share capital
            Ordinary shares are classified as equity.


4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the
     directors of the Company are required to make judgments, estimates and assumptions about
     the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
     sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and
     other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these
     estimates.


     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to
     accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the
     revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the
     revision affects both current and future periods.


     4.1    Critical judgments in applying accounting policies
            The following are the critical judgments, apart from those involving estimations (see
            below), that the directors of the Company have made in the process of applying the
            Group’s accounting policies and that have the most significant effect on the amounts
            recognised in the consolidated financial statements.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      127      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020




4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
     4.1   Critical judgments in applying accounting policies (Continued)
           Deferred taxation on investment properties
           For the purposes of measuring deferred taxes arising from investment properties that
           are using the fair value model, the directors of the Company have reviewed the
           Group’s investment property portfolios and concluded that certain of the Group’s
           investment properties situated in the PRC are held under a business model whose
           objective is to consume substantially all of the economic benefits embodied in the
           investment properties over time rather than through sale whereas those remaining
           properties situated in the PRC and Hong Kong are not held under such a business
           model. Therefore, the presumption that the carrying amounts of investment properties
           are recovered entirely through sale is rebutted for certain properties situated in the
           PRC but is not rebutted for the remaining properties situated in the PRC and Hong
           Kong. The Group has not recognised any deferred taxes on changes in fair value of the
           investment properties situated in Hong Kong as the Group is not subject to any income
           taxes on disposal of these investment properties. Deferred tax on the changes in fair
           value relating to those investment properties in the PRC in which their carrying
           amounts are not recovered entirely through sales is recognised according to the
           relevant tax rules.


     4.2   Key sources of estimation uncertainty
           The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation
           uncertainty at the end of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a
           material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next
           financial year, are described below.


           Valuation of investment properties
           The Group’s investment properties are situated in Hong Kong and the PRC. As at 31
           December 2020, the Group’s investment properties amounted to HK$11,839,176,000
           (2019: HK$8,863,251,000) and represented 71% (2019: 70%) of the Group’s total assets.
           As disclosed in note 18, net gain on fair value changes of investment properties of
           HK$2,463,416,000 (2019: net loss on HK$202,594,000) was recognised in profit or loss.
           All of the Group’s investment properties are stated at fair values based on valuations
           performed by a firm of independent qualified professional valuers. The valuations are
           dependent on certain significant unobservable inputs, including price/gross
           development value (“GDV”) per square meter/bay/square feet, which are determined
           based on comparable transactions after applying adjusting factors to reflect the
           conditions and locations of the subject properties. Details of the valuation
           methodologies and significant unobservable inputs used in the valuations are disclosed
           in note 18.




              REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       128      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020




4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
     4.2   Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
           Impairment assessment on proposed development project
           As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s proposed development project amounted to
           HK$1,634,083,000 (2019: HK$1,622,738,000). The Group assesses whether proposed
           development project has suffered any impairment in accordance with accounting policy
           stated in note 3.15 to the consolidated financial statements. The recoverable amount of
           CGU has been determined based on value in use calculation or its fair value less cost of
           disposal, whichever is higher, and both bases require the Group to estimate the future
           cash flows expected to arise from CGU and a suitable discount rate in order to
           calculate the present value. Where the actual future cash flows are less than expected, a
           material impairment loss may arise.


           Management expects that any reasonable possible change in the key assumptions on
           which the recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of
           proposed development project to exceed its recoverable amount.


           Impairment assessment on trade receivables, receivables arising from securities
           broking and loan receivables
           The Group recognises a credit loss allowance for trade receivables, receivables arising
           from securities broking and loan receivables by adopting the ECL model individually
           on each debtor in the current year. In calculating the credit loss allowance, the loss
           rates are estimated based on comparable probability of default and recovery rate
           quoted from international credit-rating agencies; and exposure of default after
           consideration of underlying collaterals, if any, and adjusted for forward-looking
           information that is available without undue cost or effort. Such calculation of ECL has
           involved subjective judgment and management estimates.


           As at 31 December 2020, net trade receivables, receivables arising from securities
           broking and loan receivables amounted to HK$449,409,000 (2019: HK$321,088,000),
           HK$163,373,000 (2019: HK$89,481,000) and HK$157,053,000 (2019: Nil), respectively.
           The information about the ECL and the Group’s trade receivables, receivables arising
           from securities broking and loan receivables are disclosed in notes 24 and 49b,
           respectively.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      129      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
     4.2     Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
             Impairment assessment on goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful
             lives in relation to Financial Services Segment and Environmental Protection Segment
             (as defined in note 6)
             Determining whether goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives
             are impaired requires an estimation of the recoverable amounts of the respective CGUs
             to which goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives have been
             allocated, which is the higher of the value in use or fair value less costs of disposal. The
             value in use calculation requires the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected
             to arise from the respective CGUs and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the
             present value of the cash flows of the respective CGUs. Where the actual future cash
             flows are less than expected, or change in facts and circumstances which results in
             downward revision of future cash flows, a material impairment loss would arise.

             Details of impairment assessment of goodwill and other intangible assets with
             indefinite useful lives are disclosed in notes 19 and 20, respectively.

5.   REVENUE
     The Group recognises revenue from the following major sources:

     (i)     Revenue from sale of motor vehicle parts is recognised at a point in time when the
             control of goods has been transferred to customers upon delivery;

     (ii)    Revenue from dismantling and trading of scrap materials is recognised at a point in
             time when the control of the specific type of scrap materials, either dismantled or not,
             as requested by the customers, has been transferred to them upon delivery;

     (iii)   Revenue from sale of other goods including hangtags, labels, shirt paper boards and
             plastic bags is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the
             distinct goods;

     (iv)    Revenue from rendering of financial printing, digital printing and other related services
             is recognised over time using the output method because the customer simultaneously
             receives and consumes the benefits as the Group performs;

     (v)     Revenue from commission income from securities broking is recognised at a point in
             time upon execution of orders for purchase or sale of securities on behalf of clients;

     (vi)    Revenue from rendering of corporate finance advisory, asset management and other
             related services is recognised over time using the output method because the customer
             simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits as the Group performs or the
             Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and
             the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date; and

     (vii) Revenue from interest income from margin financing and money lending is recognised
           on a time proportion basis using the effective interest method.


                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      130      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2020




5.   REVENUE (Continued)
     (a)   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
                                                              Commercial                 Motor vehicle   Financial              Environmental
           Type of goods and services                            printing    Hangtag             parts    services   Property       protection     Total
                                                                 HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000          HK$’000    HK$’000

           Year ended 31 December 2020

           Sales of goods
             – Motor vehicle parts                                      –           –          159,287          –           –                –    159,287
             – Scrap materials                                          –           –                –          –           –          544,070    544,070
             – Hangtags, labels, shirt paper boards
                 and plastic bags                                       –         223                –          –           –                –       223


                                                                        –         223          159,287          –           –          544,070    703,580
           Rendering of services
             – Printing services                                   72,732           –                –           –          –                –     72,732
             – Financial services                                       –           –                –      51,518          –                –     51,518
             – Commission income from securities broking                –           –                –       6,534          –                –      6,534

           Revenue from contracts with customers                   72,732         223          159,287      58,052          –          544,070    834,364
           Revenue from gross rental income                             –           –                –           –     10,888                –     10,888
           Revenue from interest income from
             margin financing                                           –           –                –      13,421          –                –     13,421
           Revenue from interest income from
             money lending business                                     –           –                –      10,668          –                –     10,668

           Total                                                   72,732         223          159,287      82,141     10,888          544,070    869,341


           Geographical markets
           The PRC                                                      –           –           72,373           –     10,184          344,993    427,550
           Hong Kong                                               72,732         223           86,914      82,141        704           98,153    340,867
           Japan                                                        –           –                –           –          –           98,484     98,484
           Other countries                                              –           –                –           –          –            2,440      2,440

           Total                                                   72,732         223          159,287      82,141     10,888          544,070    869,341


           Timing of revenue recognition
           A point in time                                              –         223          159,287       6,534          –          544,070    710,114
           Over time                                               72,732           –                –      51,518          –                –    124,250

           Revenue out of the scope of HKFRS 15
           Rental income                                                –           –                –           –     10,888                –     10,888
           Interest income                                              –           –                –      24,089          –                –     24,089

           Total                                                   72,732         223          159,287      82,141     10,888          544,070    869,341




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                           131         ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2020




5.   REVENUE (Continued)
     (a)   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
                                                              Commercial                 Motor vehicle   Financial              Environmental
           Type of goods and services                            printing    Hangtag             parts    services   Property       protection     Total
                                                                 HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000          HK$’000    HK$’000

           Year ended 31 December 2019

           Sales of goods
             – Motor vehicle parts                                      –           –          107,013          –           –                –    107,013
             – Scrap materials                                          –           –                –          –           –          592,217    592,217
             – Hangtags, labels, shirt paper boards
                 and plastic bags                                       –         349                –          –           –                –       349


                                                                        –         349          107,013          –           –          592,217    699,579
           Rendering of services
             – Printing services                                   77,878           –                –           –          –                –     77,878
             – Financial services                                       –           –                –      33,190          –                –     33,190
             – Commission income from securities broking                –           –                –         549          –                –        549


           Revenue from contracts with customers                   77,878         349          107,013      33,739          –          592,217    811,196
           Revenue from gross rental income                             –           –                –           –     10,569                –     10,569
           Revenue from interest income from
             margin financing                                           –           –                –       7,133          –                –      7,133


           Total                                                   77,878         349          107,013      40,872     10,569          592,217    828,898


           Geographical markets
           The PRC                                                  1,365           –           66,130           –      9,907          494,429    571,831
           Hong Kong                                               76,513         349           40,883      40,872        662           71,687    230,966
           Japan                                                        –           –                –           –          –           25,689     25,689
           Other countries                                              –           –                –           –          –              412        412


           Total                                                   77,878         349          107,013      40,872     10,569          592,217    828,898


           Timing of revenue recognition
           A point in time                                              –         349          107,013         549          –          592,217    700,128
           Over time                                               77,878           –                –      33,190          –                –    111,068

           Revenue out of the scope of HKFRS 15
           Rental income                                                –           –                –           –     10,569                –     10,569
           Interest income                                              –           –                –       7,133          –                –      7,133


           Total                                                   77,878         349          107,013      40,872     10,569          592,217    828,898




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                           132         ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




5.   REVENUE (Continued)
     (b)   Performance obligations for contracts with customers
           (i)     Sales of goods
                   The Group sells motor vehicle parts directly to customers. Revenue from sale of
                   motor vehicle parts is recognised at a point in time when the control of goods has
                   been transferred to customers upon the goods have been delivered to the location
                   designated by the customers (delivery) as agreed in the sales contracts. Following
                   delivery, the customer has full discretion over the manner of distribution and
                   price to sell the goods, has the primary responsibility on selling the goods and
                   bears the risks of obsolescence and loss in relation to the goods. The normal
                   credit term is 90 days upon delivery.


                   The Group sells scrap materials directly to customers. Revenue from dismantling
                   and trading of scrap materials is recognised at a point in time when the control
                   of the specific type of scrap materials, either dismantled or not, as requested by
                   the customers, has been transferred to them upon the goods have been delivered
                   to the specific location (delivery) as agreed in the sales contracts. Following
                   delivery, the customer has full discretion over the manner of distribution and
                   price to sell the goods, has the primary responsibility on selling the goods and
                   bears the risks of obsolescence and loss in relation to the goods. The normal
                   credit term is 45 to 90 days upon delivery. A contract liability is recognised for
                   advance from customers in which the revenue has yet been recognised.


                   The Group sells other goods including hangtags, labels, shirt paper boards and
                   plastic bags directly to customers and those revenues are recognised at a point in
                   time when the customer obtains control of the distinct goods upon the goods
                   have been delivered to the specific location (delivery) as agreed in the sales
                   contracts. Following delivery, the customer has full discretion over the manner of
                   distribution and price to sell the goods, has the primary responsibility on selling
                   the goods and bears the risks of obsolescence and loss in relation to the goods.
                   The normal credit term is 45 to 90 days upon delivery.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      133      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2020




5.   REVENUE (Continued)
     (b)   Performance obligations for contracts with customers (Continued)
           (ii)      Rendering of brokerage transaction services
                     The Group’s commission income from securities broking is recognised at a point
                     in time upon execution of orders for purchase or sale of securities on behalf of
                     clients. Such commission income is calculated as a percentage of the transacted
                     amount of securities purchased or sold. The commission income would be paid
                     out of the cash held on behalf of clients upon purchase of securities or deducted
                     from the proceeds received on behalf of clients upon disposal of securities.


                     The Group applies the practical expedient of expensing all incremental costs to
                     obtain a contract if these costs would otherwise have been fully amortised to
                     profit or loss within one year.


           (iii)     Rendering of financial printing, digital printing, corporate finance advisory, asset
                     management and other related services
                     Revenue from rendering of printing services is recognised over time on the
                     progress of work that the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the
                     benefits performed by the Group.


                     Revenue from rendering of financial services is recognised over time on the
                     progress of work that the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the
                     benefits performed by the Group or the Group’s performance does not create an
                     asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has a right to payment
                     at an amount that reasonably compensates it for its performance completed to
                     date at all times throughout the contract.


                     The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is
                     measured based on output method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of
                     direct measurements of the value of the services rendered to date. When the
                     Group receives a deposit before the services rendered, this will give rise to
                     contract liabilities until the revenue is recognised. The payment term is generally
                     one month.


     (c)   Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contracts
           with customers
           All printing services, brokerage services, financial services and sales of goods are for
           periods of one year or less. As permitted under HKFRS 15, the transaction price
           allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      134      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2020




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION
     Information reported to the executive directors of the Company, being the chief operating
     decision maker (“CODM”), for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of
     segment performance focuses on types of goods or services delivered or provided.


     The Group is organised into business units based on their products and services and has six
     operating segments as follows:


     (i)     provision of financial printing, digital printing and other related services (“Commercial
             Printing Segment”);


     (ii)    sales of hangtags, labels, shirt paper boards and plastic bags principally to
             manufacturers of consumer products (“Hangtag Segment”);


     (iii)   distribution and sale of motor vehicle parts (“Motor Vehicle Parts Segment”);


     (iv)    provision of corporate finance advisory, asset management, securities brokerage
             services, margin financing and money lending (“Financial Services Segment”);


     (v)     property investment, development and commercial operation (“Property Segment”);
             and


     (vi)    environmental protection industry, mainly dismantling and trading of scrap materials
             (“Environmental Protection Segment”).


     Hangtag Segment does not meet any quantitative thresholds for reportable segment but this
     segment is separately disclosed as the CODM considers that the information about the
     segment would be useful to users of the consolidated financial statements.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      135      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     (a)   Segment revenues and results
           The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by operating and
           reportable segments:


                                           Commercial                  Motor vehicle     Financial               Environmental
                                              printing      Hangtag            parts      services   Property        protection      Total
                                              HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000


           Year ended
             31 December 2020


           Segment revenue
           Sales to external customers          72,732          223          159,287        82,141     10,888           544,070    869,341
           Inter-segment sales                    914             –                –         1,034      2,520                –        4,468


                                                73,646          223          159,287        83,175     13,408           544,070    873,809
           Elimination of
             inter-segment sales                                                                                                     (4,468)


           Revenue                                                                                                                 869,341


           Segment results                        442          (207)           6,430         6,058   2,050,788           13,019   2,076,530
           Bank interest income                                                                                                     26,531
           Other income                                                                                                               1,089
           Net foreign exchange loss                                                                                              (318,632)
           Unrealised fair value loss on
             financial assets at FVTPL                                                                                               (4,353)
           Revaluation deficit on
             property, plant and
             equipment                                                                                                              (23,369)
           Realised gain on disposal of
             financial assets at FVTPL                                                                                                2,797
           Compensation for legal case                                                                                              (13,840)
           Corporate expenses                                                                                                       (64,638)
           Finance costs                                                                                                          (232,145)


           Profit before income tax                                                                                               1,449,970




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                   136       ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2020




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     (a)   Segment revenues and results (Continued)


                                          Commercial                  Motor vehicle     Financial              Environmental
                                             printing     Hangtag             parts      services   Property       protection     Total
                                             HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000


           Year ended
            31 December 2019


           Segment revenue
           Sales to external customers         77,878         349           107,013        40,872     10,569          592,217    828,898
           Inter-segment sales                   607             –                –           13        630                –       1,250


                                               78,485         349           107,013        40,885     11,199          592,217    830,148
           Elimination of
            inter-segment sales                                                                                                   (1,250)


           Revenue                                                                                                               828,898


           Segment results                       678           (76)          10,052        12,622     73,305           44,735    141,316
           Bank interest income                                                                                                   13,481
           Other income                                                                                                            4,953
           Net foreign exchange gain                                                                                             104,609
           Unrealised fair value gain
            on financial assets at
            FVTPL                                                                                                                  3,737
           Revaluation deficit on
            property, plant and
            equipment                                                                                                                (31)
           Realised loss on disposal of
            financial assets at FVTPL                                                                                            (79,986)
           Loss on early redemption of
            promissory notes                                                                                                    (439,781)
           Corporate expenses                                                                                                    (69,529)
           Finance costs                                                                                                        (109,514)


           Loss before income tax                                                                                               (430,745)




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                  137         ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               For the year ended 31 December 2020




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     (a)   Segment revenues and results (Continued)
           Inter-segment sales are charged at prevailing market rates.


           The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s
           accounting policies described in note 3. Segment profit/loss represents the profit
           earned by/loss from each segment without allocation of bank interest income, certain
           other income, net foreign exchange gain/loss, unrealised fair value gain/loss on
           financial assets at FVTPL, revaluation deficit on property, plant and equipment,
           realised gain/loss on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL, compensation for legal case,
           loss on early redemption of promissory notes, corporate expenses and certain finance
           costs. This is the measurements reported to the CODM for the purposes of resource
           allocation and performance assessment.


     (b)   Segment assets and liabilities


                                       Commercial                 Motor vehicle      Financial                Environmental
                                          printing      Hangtag           parts       services    Property        protection      Total
                                          HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000           HK$’000     HK$’000

           As at 31 December 2020

           Segment assets                   23,133          127         122,295        647,175   13,706,570          528,257   15,027,557
           Corporate and unallocated
             assets                                                                                                             1,691,889

           Total assets                                                                                                        16,719,446


           Segment liabilities              30,882           25          21,746        155,443    7,232,905          127,289    7,568,290
           Corporate and unallocated
             liabilities                                                                                                        4,739,582

           Total liabilities                                                                                                   12,307,872


           As at 31 December 2019

           Segment assets                   39,061          266         110,481        229,309   10,982,609          439,056   11,800,782
           Corporate and unallocated
             assets                                                                                                              782,165

           Total assets                                                                                                        12,582,947


           Segment liabilities              41,946           42           9,430         32,221    4,876,898          107,287    5,067,824
           Corporate and unallocated
             liabilities                                                                                                        4,295,833

           Total liabilities                                                                                                    9,363,657




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED             138       ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2020




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     (b)   Segment assets and liabilities (Continued)
           Segment assets exclude equity instrument at FVTOCI, tax recoverable, bank balances
           and cash, financial assets at FVTPL and other unallocated head office and corporate
           assets as these assets are managed on a group basis.


           Segment liabilities exclude certain bank borrowings and overdrafts, tax payable,
           deferred tax liabilities, loans from ultimate holding company and other unallocated
           head office and corporate liabilities as these liabilities are managed on a group basis.


     (c)   Other segment information
                                              Commercial                     Motor vehicle       Financial                  Environmental
                                                 printing          Hangtag           parts        services     Property         protection   Unallocated       Total
                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000      HK$’000            HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000

           Year ended 31 December 2020

           Amounts included in the measure
             of segment profit or loss or
             segment assets:
           Depreciation
             – Owned assets                           884              156             548             709       11,343              4,208         7,669       25,517
             – Right-of-use assets                 10,393                –           2,277           5,903            –              4,598         9,987       33,158
           Gain on fair value changes of
             investment properties, net                 –                –               –               –    (2,463,416)                –             –    (2,463,416)
           Impairment losses/(Reversal of
             impairment losses), net                1,496                1              98          22,537         (146)             3,269             –       27,255
           Revaluation deficit on property,
             plant and equipment                        –                –               –               –       23,833                  –          (464)      23,369
           Loss on disposal of property,
             plant and equipment                        –                –              –                –            –                 58             –           58
           Capital expenditure (note)                 458                –              –              907        1,223             28,675         1,570       32,833
           Interest expense                           394                –            277            3,933      281,849              3,140       340,789      630,382
           Interest income                              –                –              –           (7,081)           –                  –       (26,512)     (33,593)
           Income tax expense                           –                –            261                –      558,910              2,630             –      561,801
           Income tax credit                         (247)               –              –           (3,786)           –                  –          (116)      (4,149)




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                            139             ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2020




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     (c)   Other segment information (Continued)


                                               Commercial                      Motor vehicle        Financial                Environmental
                                                  printing          Hangtag            parts         services    Property        protection   Unallocated      Total
                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000        HK$’000           HK$’000     HK$’000           HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000

           Year ended 31 December 2019

           Amounts included in the measure
             of segment profit or loss or
             segment assets:
           Depreciation
             – Owned assets                          1,060              182              615              469        122              1,684         8,537      12,669
             – Right-of-use assets                  10,816                –            2,466            3,935          –                987         9,987      28,191
           Loss on fair value changes of
             investment properties, net                  –                –                –                –     202,594                 –             –     202,594
           (Reversal of impairment losses)/
             Impairment losses, net                   (673)              (1)          (7,040)          (2,851)          –             1,974             –      (8,591)
           Loss on early redemption of
             promissory notes                            –                –                –                –           –                 –       439,781     439,781
           Gain on re-measurement of
             previously held interests in an
             associate                                   –                –                –                –    (709,402)                –             –    (709,402)
           Capital expenditure (note)                   78                –              705               68         576             5,814         3,057      10,298
           Interest expense                            659                –            1,332            1,728     187,254             3,374       339,757     534,104
           Interest income                               –                –                –           (5,981)          –                 –       (13,481)    (19,462)
           Income tax expense                          400                –            1,781            5,702          31             9,624             –      17,538
           Income tax credit                             –                –              (20)            (345)    (43,221)                –            (8)    (43,594)


           Note: Capital expenditure consists of additions to property, plant and equipment and
                 investment properties.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                              140              ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     (d)   Geographical information
           (i)      Revenue from external customers
                                                                                        2020        2019
                                                                                     HK$’000     HK$’000

                    The PRC                                                           427,550     571,831
                    Hong Kong                                                         340,867     230,966
                    Japan                                                              98,484      25,689
                    Other countries                                                     2,440         412


                                                                                      869,341     828,898


                    The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers.


           (ii)     Non-current assets
                                                                                        2020        2019
                                                                                     HK$’000     HK$’000

                    The PRC                                                         11,362,377   8,341,685
                    Hong Kong                                                        1,032,046   1,146,185
                    Japan                                                               27,669       2,459


                                                                                    12,422,092   9,490,329


                    The non-current assets information above is based on the locations of the assets
                    and excludes non-current portion of financial instruments and certain deposits.


     (e)   Information about major customers
           Revenue from customers of the corresponding years contributing over 10% of the
           Group’s total revenues are as follows:


                                                                                        2020        2019
                                                                                     HK$’000     HK$’000

           Customer A1                                                                192,010     152,386
           Customer B1                                                                   N/A*     129,908

           1
                    Revenue from Environmental Protection Segment
           *        Less than 10% of the Group’s total revenues




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      141      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




7A. OTHER INCOME
                                                                                      2020        2019
                                                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000

      Bank interest income                                                           26,531      13,481
      Dividend income                                                                   219           –
      Interest income on credit-impaired loan receivables                             7,062       5,981
      Government grants (note)                                                        6,921         103
      Rebate from bank borrowing                                                          –       2,400
      Others                                                                          2,584       5,402


                                                                                     43,317      27,367


      Note: During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group received funding support amounting to
            approximately HK$6,768,000 from the Employment Support Scheme under the Anti-epidemic
            Fund, set up by the Hong Kong Government. The purpose of the funding is to provide financial
            support to enterprises to retain their employees who would otherwise be made redundant.
            Under the terms of the grant, the Group is required not to make redundancies during the
            subsidy period and to spend all the funding on paying wages to the employees.


7B.   OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES
                                                                                      2020        2019
                                                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000

      Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                 (58)          –
      Unrealised fair value (loss)/gain on financial assets at FVTPL                 (4,353)      3,737
      Realised gain/(loss) on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                   2,797     (79,986)
      Net foreign exchange (loss)/gain                                             (318,632)     91,582
      Revaluation deficit on property, plant and equipment                          (23,369)        (31)


                                                                                   (343,615)     15,302




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       142      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020




8.   (IMPAIRMENT LOSSES)/REVERSAL OF IMPAIRMENT LOSSES, NET
                                                                                    2020        2019
                                                                                 HK$’000     HK$’000

     (Impairment losses)/Reversal of impairment losses, net,
       recognised on:
       – trade receivables                                                         (4,682)      4,760
       – receivables arising from securities broking                               (1,947)      2,640
       – loan receivables                                                         (20,626)          –
       – purchased or originated credit-impaired loan receivables                       –        (578)
     Recovery of amounts written off in prior years:
       – trade receivables                                                              –         739
       – receivables arising from securities broking                                    –       1,030


                                                                                  (27,255)      8,591


     Details of impairment assessment for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 are set out
     in note 49b.


9.   FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                    2020        2019
                                                                                 HK$’000     HK$’000

     Interest on bank borrowings and overdrafts                                   541,618     434,514
     Interest on loans from ultimate holding company                               85,233      55,958
     Interest on promissory notes (note 38)                                             –      40,375
     Finance charges on lease liabilities                                           1,191       1,753
     Imputed interest on deferred consideration                                     2,340       1,504


                                                                                  630,382     534,104




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      143      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




10.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE/(CREDIT)
      Hong Kong
      Hong Kong Profits Tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% on the estimated assessable
      profits arising in Hong Kong during the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.


      The PRC
      Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation
      Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% for both years.


      Japan
      Pursuant to the rules and regulations of Japan, the subsidiary incorporated in Japan is subject
      mainly to corporate tax, inhabitant tax and enterprise tax, and the effective statutory tax rate
      for these taxes is 29% for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.


                                                                                     2020         2019
                                                                                  HK$’000      HK$’000

      Current tax
      Hong Kong
       – Charge for the year                                                         2,850        6,654
       – Over provision in prior years                                                (269)        (345)

      The PRC
        – Charge for the year                                                            1           38
        – (Over)/Under provision in prior years                                         (3)       2,173

      Japan
        – Charge for the year                                                        1,268          39


                                                                                     3,847        8,559
      Deferred tax
       – Charge/(Credit) for the year (note 36)                                    553,805      (34,615)


      Income tax expense/(credit)                                                  557,652      (26,056)




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      144      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




10.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE/(CREDIT) (Continued)
      A reconciliation of the tax expense/(credit) applicable to profit/(loss) before income tax at
      applicable tax rates:

                                                                                     2020        2019
                                                                                  HK$’000     HK$’000

      Profit/(Loss) before income tax                                             1,449,970   (430,745)


      Income tax calculated at the rates applicable in the tax
        jurisdictions concerned                                                    407,187     (59,735)
      – Tax effect of non-taxable income                                           (74,198)   (198,356)
      – Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                       86,889     110,740
      – Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                    143,257     116,809
      – Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised                         (2,555)     (1,453)
      – Tax arising from fair value changes of investment properties                  (819)     (1,173)
      – (Over)/Under provision in prior years                                         (272)      1,828
      – Tax effect of share of result of an associate                                    –         306
      – Others                                                                      (1,837)      4,978

      Income tax expense/(credit)                                                  557,652     (26,056)


11.   PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR
      The Group’s profit/(loss) for the year is arrived at after charging:

                                                                                     2020        2019
                                                                                  HK$’000     HK$’000

      Depreciation
        – Owned assets                                                              25,517      12,669
        – Right-of-use assets                                                       33,158      28,191
        – Prepaid lease payments                                                       112         122
      Amortisation of other intangible asset                                         2,788           –
      Direct operating expenses (including repair and maintenance):
        – Arising from leased investment properties                                    137       1,720
        – Arising from vacant investment properties                                  1,065         994
      Short-term leases and leases with lease term shorter than
        12 months as at initial application of HKFRS 16
        on 1 January 2019                                                            1,888       2,558
      Auditor’s remuneration                                                         3,681       4,419
      Employee benefits expense (including directors’ emoluments)
        – Wages and salaries                                                       109,379      84,669
        – Discretionary bonuses                                                     13,110      10,037
        – Pension scheme contributions                                               3,978       3,417
      Cost of inventories recognised as expenses                                   643,159     622,341
      Compensation for legal case (note 32)                                         13,840           –




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      145      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2020




12A. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS
   Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Listing
   Rules and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance are as follows:

                                                                                              2020              2019
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000

   Fees                                                                                          432              426

   Other emoluments:
     – Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                               12,120         10,230
     – Discretionary bonuses                                                                       36             36
     – Pension scheme contributions                                                                54             54

                                                                                               12,120         10,320

                                                                                               12,642         10,746


   (a)    Executive directors
                                                                      Salaries,
                                                                   allowances                     Pension
                                                                  and benefits Discretionary       scheme
                                                          Fees         in kind      bonuses contributions        Total
                                                      HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000


          Year ended 31 December 2020


          Executive directors:
          Dr. Lin                                            –           6,120             –            18        6,138
          Madam Su                                           –           2,400             –            18        2,418
          Mr. Lin Xiaodong                                   –           3,600             –            18        3,618


                                                             –          12,120             –            54      12,174


          Year ended 31 December 2019


          Executive directors:
          Dr. Lin                                            –           4,230             –            18        4,248
          Madam Su                                           –           2,400             –            18        2,418
          Mr. Lin Xiaodong                                   –           3,600             –            18        3,618


                                                             –          10,230             –            54       10,284




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED          146       ANNUAL REPORT 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                           For the year ended 31 December 2020




12A. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
    (b)   Independent non-executive directors
                                                                         Salaries,
                                                                      allowances                     Pension
                                                                     and benefits Discretionary      scheme
                                                            Fees          in kind      bonuses contributions     Total
                                                         HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000

          Year ended 31 December 2020

          Independent non-executive directors:
          Mr. Yu Leung Fai                                    144                –          12             –       156
          Mr. Fang Jixin                                      144                –          12             –       156
          Dr. Li Jue                                          144                –          12             –       156

                                                              432                –          36             –       468


          Year ended 31 December 2019

          Independent non-executive directors:
          Mr. Yu Leung Fai                                    142                –          12             –       154
          Mr. Fang Jixin                                      142                –          12             –       154
          Dr. Li Jue                                          142                –          12             –       154

                                                              426                –          36             –       462


    Included in the financial assets at FVTPL is a school debenture amounted to HK$5,560,000
    (2019: HK$6,000,000) for the use by Dr. Lin’s dependant.

    The executive directors’ emoluments shown above for both years were for their services in
    connection with the management of the affairs of the Company and the Group.

    The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above for both years were for
    their services as directors of the Company.

    There was no arrangement under which a director waived or agreed to waive any emolument
    during both years.

    There was no emolument paid by the Group to any of the directors as an inducement to join
    or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office for both years.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED             147       ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2020




12A. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
      Madam Su is also the chief executive of the Company and her emoluments disclosed above
      included those services rendered by her as the chief executive during both years.

      Discretionary bonuses were determined with reference to the Group’s operating results and
      individual performance.


12B. TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS IN WHICH DIRECTORS
     OF THE COMPANY HAVE MATERIAL INTERESTS
      Details of the material connected transactions and related party transactions are set out in the
      “Report of the Directors” and note 46 to the consolidated financial statements.


      Save for the above, no other transaction, arrangement or contract that is significant in relation
      to the Group’s business to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in
      which a person who at any time in 2020 was a director of the Company or his or her
      connected entity had, directly or indirectly, a material interest subsisted at any time during
      the year or at the end of 2020.


13.   FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
      The five highest paid employees during the year included two (2019: two) directors, details
      of whose emoluments are set out in note 12A above.


      Details of the emoluments for the current year of the remaining three (2019: three) highest
      paid employees who are not directors of the Company are as follows:


                                                                                        2020       2019
                                                                                     HK$’000    HK$’000

      Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                         8,317     7,380
      Discretionary bonuses                                                             9,500     6,000
      Pension scheme contributions                                                        230       245


                                                                                       18,047    13,625




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED         148      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




13.   FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (Continued)
      The number of the highest paid employees who are not the directors of the Company whose
      emolument fell within the following bands is as follows:


                                                                                  Number of employees
                                                                                      2020         2019


      HK$3,000,001 to HK$3,500,000                                                       –              1
      HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                       –              1
      HK$4,500,001 to HK$5,000,000                                                       1              –
      HK$6,000,001 to HK$6,500,000                                                       1              1
      HK$6,500,001 to HK$7,000,000                                                       1              –


                                                                                         3              3


14.   DIVIDEND
      No dividend was paid or proposed for ordinary shareholders of the Company during the
      years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, nor has any dividend been proposed since the end
      of the reporting period.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      149      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




15.   EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE
      The calculations of the basic and diluted earnings/(loss) per share are based on:


                                                                                       2020            2019
                                                                                   HK$’000         HK$’000


      Earnings/(Loss)
      Earnings/(Loss) for the purposes of basic and
        diluted earnings/(loss) per share calculation
        (profit/(loss) attributable to owners of the Company)                       885,185        (415,529)


                                                                                   Number of shares
                                                                                       2020            2019


      Number of shares
      Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
        for the purpose of basic earnings/(loss) per share calculation         1,438,209,880   1,438,209,880
      Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
        – Share options                                                             683,171               –


      Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue for the
        purpose of diluted earnings/(loss) per share calculation               1,438,893,051   1,438,209,880


      Diluted loss per share for the year ended 31 December 2019 is the same as basic loss per
      share. The calculation does not assume the exercise of share options granted under the
      Company’s share option scheme as it would have an anti-dilutive effect.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       150      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2020




16.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                           Leasehold
                                           Right-of-use     land and    Plant and       Furniture        Office     Leasehold     Motor
                                                 assets    buildings    machinery     and fixtures    equipment improvements     vehicles      Yacht       Total
                                               HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000


      As at 31 December 2018 and
        1 January 2019
      Cost                                            –            –        6,607            3,960         6,211        7,675      17,213     21,680       63,346
      Valuation                                       –       68,242             –               –             –            –           –           –      68,242
      Accumulated depreciation and
        impairment                                    –            –        (6,270)         (2,868)       (3,041)      (6,509)     (6,959)     (5,420)    (31,067)


      Net carrying amount as at
        31 December 2018                              –       68,242          337            1,092         3,170        1,166      10,254     16,260      100,521
      Adjustment from the application of
        HKFRS 16                                 66,086            –             –               –             –            –           –           –      66,086


      Net carrying amount as at
        1 January 2019, restated                 66,086       68,242          337            1,092         3,170        1,166      10,254     16,260      166,607



      Year ended 31 December 2019
      Opening net carrying amount as at
        1 January 2019, restated                 66,086       68,242          337            1,092         3,170        1,166      10,254     16,260      166,607
      Additions                                   4,233            –             –            687           676         1,085       3,578           –      10,259
      Acquisitions of subsidiaries               16,915            –             –            137           236           380        699            –      18,367
      Depreciation for the year                 (28,191)      (3,423)        (113)           (652)        (1,152)        (967)     (4,194)     (2,168)    (40,860)
      Transfer from investment property
        (note 18)                                     –      335,000             –               –             –            –           –           –     335,000
      Gain on revaluation, net                        –          694             –               –             –            –           –           –        694
      Exchange realignment                          (28)      (1,568)           (4)            (10)            6           (8)        (22)          –      (1,634)


      Closing net carrying amount                59,015      398,945          220            1,254         2,936        1,656      10,315     14,092      488,433



      As at 31 December 2019 and
        1 January 2020
      Cost                                       87,234            –        5,961            4,226       13,436        12,213      30,464     21,680      175,214
      Valuation                                       –      398,945             –               –             –            –           –           –     398,945
      Accumulated depreciation
        and impairment                          (28,219)           –        (5,741)         (2,972)      (10,500)     (10,557)    (20,149)     (7,588)    (85,726)


      Net carrying amount                        59,015      398,945          220            1,254         2,936        1,656      10,315     14,092      488,433




                           REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                       151          ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020




16.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

                                                     Leasehold
                                     Right-of-use     land and    Plant and       Furniture        Office     Leasehold     Motor
                                           assets    buildings    machinery     and fixtures    equipment improvements     vehicles      Yacht       Total
                                         HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000
      Year ended 31 December 2020
      Opening net carrying amount          59,015      398,945          220            1,254         2,936        1,656      10,315     14,092      488,433
      Additions                             9,872            –       18,070             493          1,142        1,391       1,865           –      32,833
      Disposals                                 –            –           (65)            (71)           (7)           –           –           –        (143)
      Depreciation for the year           (33,158)     (14,875)       (1,632)            (81)        (854)       (1,537)     (4,370)     (2,168)    (58,675)
      Lease modification                    2,327            –             –               –             –            –           –           –       2,327
      Lease termination                       (97)           –             –               –             –            –           –           –         (97)
      Loss on revaluation, net                  –      (22,181)            –               –             –            –           –           –     (22,181)
      Exchange realignment                   272         3,790          350              50            66            81         47            –       4,656


      Closing net carrying amount          38,231      365,679       16,943            1,645         3,283        1,591       7,857     11,924      447,153



      As at 31 December 2020
      Cost                                 97,106       27,814       24,261            4,854       18,466        13,831      30,783     21,680      238,795
      Valuation                                 –      379,021             –               –             –            –           –           –     379,021
      Accumulated depreciation and
        impairment                        (58,875)     (41,156)       (7,318)         (3,209)      (15,183)     (12,240)    (22,926)     (9,756)   (170,663)


      Closing net carrying amount          38,231      365,679       16,943            1,645         3,283        1,591       7,857     11,924      447,153




                           REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                 152          ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




16.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
      The above items of property, plant and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis at
      the following rates per annum:


      Right-of-use assets                    Over the lease terms
      Leasehold land and buildings           3.3% or over the lease terms, whichever is shorter
      Plant and machinery                    10%
      Furniture and fixtures                 20%
      Office equipment                       20%
      Leasehold improvements                 20% or over the lease terms, whichever is shorter
      Motor vehicles                         25%
      Yacht                                  10%

      Accounting policy for depreciation of right-of-use assets is set out in note 3.7.


      The Group’s leasehold land and buildings were revalued individually at the end of the
      reporting period by Roma Appraisals Limited, a firm of independent qualified professional
      valuers, at an aggregate market value of HK$363,840,000 (2019: HK$397,173,000) based on
      their fair values. A revaluation deficit of HK$23,369,000 (2019: HK$31,000) resulting from the
      above valuations has been recognised in profit or loss.


      Fair value measurement
      The fair value measurements of the leasehold land and buildings are categorised in Level 3.


      The fair values of the commercial and residential properties were determined using the direct
      comparison approach by making reference to comparable transactions as available in the
      relevant market after applying adjusting factors to reflect the conditions and locations of the
      subject properties.


      The fair value of the industrial property was determined using the depreciation replacement
      cost approach, which considers the cost to reproduce or replace in new condition the
      property appraised in accordance with current construction costs for similar properties in the
      locality, with allowance for accrued depreciation as evidenced by observed condition or
      obsolescence percent, whether arising from physical, functional or economic causes.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       153      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




16.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
      Fair value measurement (Continued)
      Below is a summary of the key inputs used to the valuations of leasehold land and buildings:

      Leasehold land and
      building held by the Group      Significant unobservable input                     Range
                                                                                       2020           2019

      Commercial property             Adopted price per square                    43,700 to      44,800 to
       (2020: HK$44,021,000            meter determined based on                     48,500         50,100
       (2019: HK$42,793,000))          comparable transactions
                                       (Renminbi (“RMB”))                         adjusting      adjusting
                                                                                     factors        factors
                                      Adjusting factors for variable                  range          range
                                       conditions and locations                   from 95%       from 98%
                                                                                     to 97%        to 100%

      Industrial property             Estimated construction cost for                 2,080          2,200
        (2020: HK$19,819,000            replacement (per square
        (2019: HK$19,380,000))          meter) (RMB)                              adjusting      adjusting
                                                                                     factor         factor
                                                                                    of 80%         of 84%

      Residential property            Adopted price per square feet               64,600 to      69,100 to
        (2020: HK$300,000,000          determined based on                           78,900       101,800
        (2019: HK$335,000,000))        comparable transactions (HK$)
                                                                                  adjusting      adjusting
                                      Adjusting factors for variable                 factors        factors
                                       conditions and locations                       range          range
                                                                                  from 70%       from 99%
                                                                                    to 132%        to 101%


      The fair values of the leasehold land and buildings were based on the highest and best use of
      leasehold land and buildings in the PRC and Hong Kong, which did not differ from their
      actual use.


      An increase/(decrease) in the adopted price per square meter/square feet would result in the
      same level of increase/(decrease) in the fair values of the commercial and residential
      properties. An increase/(decrease) in the estimated construction cost for replacement per
      square meter would result in the same level of increase/(decrease) in the fair value of the
      industrial property.


      As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, certain leasehold land and buildings of the Group were
      pledged to secure general banking facilities granted to the Group, details of which are set out
      in note 33.


      There were no transfers amongst different levels of fair value measurements during both
      years.



                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      154      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




16.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
      Fair value measurement (Continued)
      Had the leasehold land and buildings been carried at historical cost less accumulated
      depreciation and impairment losses, their carrying amount would have been approximately
      HK$393,922,000 (2019: HK$408,713,000).


      As at 31 December 2020, included in the net carrying amount of property, plant and
      equipment are right-of-use assets as follows:


                                                                                          Depreciation for
                                                             Net carrying amount          the year ended
                                                              as at 31 December            31 December
                                                                   2020        2019         2020        2019
                                                              HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000


      Land and buildings carried at cost                         37,920      58,601        33,054     28,122
      Office equipment                                               311           414       104             69


      Total                                                      38,231      59,015        33,158     28,191


      The details in relation to these leases are set out in note 35.


17.   PREPAID LEASE PAYMENTS
      The carrying amount of prepaid lease payments represents the land use rights situated in the
      PRC. The prepaid lease payments fall into the scope of HKFRS 16 as it meets the definition of
      right-of-use assets.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       155      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020




18.   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                        2020        2019
                                                                                     HK$’000     HK$’000


      As at 1 January                                                                8,863,251   9,081,879
      Additions                                                                             –          39
      Acquisition of assets through acquisition
        of subsidiaries (note 42a)                                                          –     513,000
      Transfer to property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                   –    (335,000)
      Gain/(Loss) on fair value changes recognised
        in profit or loss, net                                                       2,463,416   (202,594)
      Exchange realignment                                                            512,509    (194,073)


      As at 31 December                                                             11,839,176   8,863,251


      The Group’s investment properties consist of six (2019: six) residential apartments and two
      (2019: two) car parking spaces in Hong Kong, and three (2019: three) commercial buildings,
      two (2019: two) industrial properties, 1,327 (2019: 1,327) car parking spaces and one (2019:
      one) shopping arcade in the PRC. The directors of the Company have determined that the
      investment properties consist of four classes of asset, i.e., commercial buildings, car parking
      spaces, industrial properties and residential apartments, based on the nature, characteristics
      and risks of each property.


      The Group’s investment properties were revalued on 31 December 2020 and 2019 based on
      valuations performed by Roma Appraisals Limited, a firm of independent qualified
      professional valuers, at HK$11,839,176,000 (2019: HK$8,863,251,000).


      As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, certain investment properties of the Group were pledged
      to secure general banking facilities granted to the Group, details of which are set out in note
      33.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      156      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




18.   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
      Fair value measurement
      The fair value measurements of the investment properties are categorised in Level 3. During
      both years, there were no transfers amongst different levels of fair value measurements.


      The fair values of the completed investment properties were determined using the direct
      comparison approach by making reference to comparable transactions as available in the
      relevant market after applying adjusting factors to reflect the conditions and locations of the
      subject properties. The approach rests on the wide acceptance of the market transactions as
      the best indicator.


      As at 31 December 2020, the fair value of Qiankeng Property (as defined below) was
      determined on the basis that it will be redeveloped and completed in accordance with the
      Group’s latest redevelopment plan. The valuation was determined by the residual method.
      The residual method involved calculating the GDV and deducting the estimated development
      costs and developer’s profit.


      Below is a summary of the valuation techniques and key inputs used to the valuations of
      investment properties:

      Investment property          Valuation           Significant
      held by the Group            technique           unobservable input                      Range
                                                                                             2020         2019

      A residential apartment in   Direct comparison Adopted price per square feet      16,900 to    17,600 to
        Festival City, Shatin,       approach         determined based on                  18,200       17,700
        Hong Kong                                     comparable transactions
        (2020: HK$12,800,000                          (HK$)                             adjusting    adjusting
        (2019: HK$13,100,000))                                                             factors      factors
                                                       Adjusting factors for variable       range        range
                                                        conditions and locations        from 96%     from 95%
                                                                                          to 106%      to 118%

      A residential apartment in   Direct comparison Adopted price per square feet      16,000 to    16,700 to
        Festival City, Shatin,       approach         determined based on                  17,200       17,900
        Hong Kong                                     comparable transactions
        (2020: HK$13,000,000                          (HK$)                             adjusting    adjusting
        (2019: HK$13,600,000))                                                             factors      factors
                                                       Adjusting factors for variable       range        range
                                                        conditions and locations        from 98%     from 95%
                                                                                          to 106%      to 114%




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      157      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




18.   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
      Fair value measurement (Continued)
      Investment property          Valuation           Significant
      held by the Group            technique           unobservable input                       Range
                                                                                              2020         2019

      A residential apartment in   Direct comparison Adopted price per square feet        21,000 to   20,400 to
        Parc Oasis, Kowloon,         approach         determined based on                    22,000      22,600
        Hong Kong                                     comparable transactions
        (2020: HK$14,400,000                          (HK$)                              adjusting    adjusting
        (2019: HK$14,500,000))                                                              factors      factors
                                                       Adjusting factors for variable        range        range
                                                        conditions and locations        from 102%     from 96%
                                                                                           to 106%      to 101%

      A residential apartment in   Direct comparison Adopted price per square feet        18,000 to   17,200 to
        The Riverpark, Shatin,       approach         determined based on                    18,500      17,700
        Hong Kong                                     comparable transactions
        (2020: HK$17,100,000                          (HK$)                              adjusting    adjusting
        (2019: HK$16,200,000))                                                              factors      factors
                                                       Adjusting factors for variable        range        range
                                                        conditions and locations         from 97%     from 95%
                                                                                           to 105%      to 101%

      A residential apartment in   Direct comparison Adopted price per square feet        24,000 to   24,000 to
        Bel-Air, Island South,       approach         determined based on                    27,700      32,200
        Hong Kong                                     comparable transactions
        (2020: HK$31,000,000                          (HK$)                              adjusting    adjusting
        (2019: HK$36,000,000))                                                              factors      factors
                                                       Adjusting factors for variable        range        range
                                                        conditions and locations         from 92%     from 93%
                                                                                            to 99%      to 103%

      A residential apartment in   Direct comparison Adopted price per square feet        67,600 to   71,300 to
        Bel-Air, Island South,       approach         determined based on                    81,800    105,100
        Hong Kong                                     comparable transactions
        (2020: HK$460,000,000                         (HK$)                              adjusting    adjusting
        (2019: HK$497,000,000))                                                             factors      factors
        (note a)                                       Adjusting factors for variable        range        range
                                                        conditions and locations         from 74%     from 97%
                                                                                           to 135%      to 105%

      A car parking space in       Direct comparison Adopted price per bay                 2,180 to     2,100 to
        Festival City, Shatin,       approach         determined based on                     2,465        2,600
        Hong Kong                                     comparable transactions
        (2020: HK$2,300,000                           (HK$ thousand)                     adjusting    adjusting
        (2019: HK$2,400,000))                                                             factor of    factor of
                                                       Adjusting factors for variable        100%         100%
                                                        conditions and locations




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      158      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




18.   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
      Fair value measurement (Continued)
      Investment property         Valuation            Significant
      held by the Group           technique            unobservable input                      Range
                                                                                             2020         2019

      A car parking space in      Direct comparison Adopted price per bay                 1,330 to     1,700 to
        Parc Oasis, Kowloon,        approach         determined based on                     1,720        2,200
        Hong Kong                                    comparable transactions
        (2020: HK$1,500,000                          (HK$ thousand)                     adjusting    adjusting
        (2019: HK$2,000,000))                                                            factor of    factor of
                                                       Adjusting factors for variable       100%         100%
                                                        conditions and locations

      Commercial building in      Direct comparison Adopted price per square meter      66,800 to    72,000 to
        Shenzhen, Guangdong         approach         determined based on                   79,100       76,400
        Province, the PRC                            comparable transactions
        (2020: HK$86,025,000                         (RMB)                              adjusting    adjusting
        (2019: HK$84,244,000))                                                             factors      factors
                                                       Adjusting factors for variable       range        range
                                                        conditions and locations        from 95%     from 97%
                                                                                          to 105%      to 102%

      Industrial property in      Direct comparison Adopted price per square meter        7,400 to     7,700 to
        Shenzhen, Guangdong         approach         determined based on                     9,500       10,500
        Province, the PRC                            comparable transactions
        (2020: HK$189,848,000                        (RMB)                              adjusting    adjusting
        (2019: HK$183,237,000))                                                             factor    factor of
                                                       Adjusting factors for variable        from          95%
                                                        conditions and locations              75%
                                                                                           to 95%

      Industrial property in      Residual method      GDV per square meter (RMB)       28,500 to        N/A
        Shenzhen, Guangdong                                                              117,000
        Province, the PRC
        (“Qiankeng Property”)                          GDV per bay (RMB)                  300,000        N/A
        (2020: HK$2,895,187,000
        (2019: HK$570,939,000))                        Estimated costs to completion          750        N/A
        (note b)                                         (RMB)                            million

                                                       Developer’s profit margin             15%         N/A

                                  Direct comparison Adopted price per square meter           N/A     10,800 to
                                    approach         determined based on                                13,700
                                                     comparable transactions
                                                     (RMB)                                           adjusting
                                                                                                        factors
                                                       Adjusting factors for variable        N/A         range
                                                        conditions and locations                     from 95%
                                                                                                       to 110%




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      159      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020




18.   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
      Fair value measurement (Continued)
      Investment property           Valuation           Significant
      held by the Group             technique           unobservable input                      Range
                                                                                              2020         2019

      Commercial building in        Direct comparison Adopted price per square meter     61,900 to    51,500 to
        Shenzhen, Guangdong           approach         determined based on                  66,600       61,600
        Province, the PRC                              comparable transactions
        (2020: HK$2,948,000,000                        (RMB)                             adjusting    adjusting
        (2019: HK$2,592,131,000))                                                           factors      factors
                                                        Adjusting factors for variable       range        range
                                                         conditions and locations        from 86%     from 95%
                                                                                            to 95%       to 97%

      A shopping arcade in          Direct comparison Adopted price per square meter     41,600 to    77,300 to
        Shenzhen, Guangdong           approach         determined based on                128,800      152,000
        Province, the PRC                              comparable transactions
        (2020: HK$1,414,000,000                        (RMB)                             adjusting    adjusting
        (2019: HK$1,273,720,000))                                                           factors      factors
                                                        Adjusting factors for variable       range        range
                                                         conditions and locations        from 85%     from 90%
                                                                                            to 92%      to 100%

      1,012 car parking spaces in   Direct comparison Adopted price per bay                300,000      400,000
         Shenzhen, Guangdong          approach         determined based on
         Province, the PRC                             comparable transactions           adjusting    adjusting
         (2020: HK$360,477,000                         (RMB)                                factors      factors
         (2019: HK$446,919,000))                                                             range        range
                                                        Adjusting factors for variable   from 85%     from 90%
                                                         conditions and locations           to 90%       to 95%

      Commercial building in        Direct comparison Adopted price per square meter     50,900 to    41,800 to
        Shenzhen, Guangdong           approach         determined based on                  51,900       58,600
        Province, the PRC                              comparable transactions
        (2020: HK$3,282,500,000                        (RMB)                             adjusting    adjusting
        (2019: HK$2,983,186,000))                                                           factors      factors
                                                        Adjusting factors for variable       range        range
                                                         conditions and locations        from 85%     from 97%
                                                                                            to 93%      to 100%

      315 car parking spaces in     Direct comparison Adopted price per bay                300,000      380,000
        Shenzhen, Guangdong           approach         determined based on
        Province, the PRC                              comparable transactions           adjusting    adjusting
        (2020: HK$111,039,000                          (RMB)                                factors      factors
        (2019: HK$134,075,000))                                                              range        range
                                                        Adjusting factors for variable   from 85%     from 90%
                                                         conditions and locations           to 90%       to 95%




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       160      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          For the year ended 31 December 2020




18.   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
      Fair value measurement (Continued)
      Notes:

      (a)      The investment property is acquired through acquisition of a subsidiary during the year ended
               31 December 2019. Details of which are set out in note 42a.

      (b)      During the year ended 31 December 2020, the valuation technique for Qiankeng Property was
               changed from direct comparison approach to residual method as the land use of Qiankeng
               Property was changed from industrial use to residential use under commodity housing project.
               The redevelopment plan of Qiankeng Property was principally agreed by the relevant urban
               renewal bureau in the PRC in August 2020. The Group had become the authorised developer of
               the redevelopment plan in January 2021.

      Relationships of significant unobservable inputs to fair value are as follows:

      •        An increase/(decrease) in the adopted price per square meter/bay/square feet would result in
               the same level of increase/(decrease) in the fair values of the completed investment properties;

      •        The higher the adjusting factor, the higher the fair values of the completed investment properties;

      •        The higher GDV per square meter/bay, the higher the fair value of Qiankeng Property;

      •        The higher the estimated costs to completion, the lower the fair value of Qiankeng Property; and

      •        The higher the developer’s profit margin, the lower the fair value of Qiankeng Property.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        161      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020




19.   GOODWILL
                                                                                          2020              2019
                                                                                       HK$’000           HK$’000

      As at 1 January                                                                       87,390         28,497
      Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 41)                                                      –         58,893


      As at 31 December                                                                     87,390         87,390


      The carrying amounts of goodwill and other intangible assets allocated to the CGUs as at 31
      December 2020 and 2019 are as follows:

                                                    2020                                     2019
                                                    Other                                     Other
                                                intangible                               intangible
                                       Goodwill     assets            Total     Goodwill     assets        Total
                                        HK$’000 HK$’000             HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000

      Financial Services Segment
        – Type 1 license business          2,100          4,400         6,500       2,100        4,400      6,500
        – Type 4 and Type 9 licenses
          business                              –         8,969         8,969          –         8,969      8,969
        – Type 1, Type 4 and Type 6
          licenses business               58,893        30,027         88,920     58,893        32,815     91,708
      Environmental Protection
        Segment                           26,397              –        26,397     26,397             –     26,397

                                          87,390        43,396        130,786     87,390        46,184    133,574


      Impairment testing of goodwill and other intangible assets
      Goodwill and other intangible assets acquired through business combination is allocated to
      the Financial Services Segment CGUs (i.e. (i) Type 1 license business, (ii) Type 4 and Type 9
      licenses business, and (iii) Type 1, Type 4 and Type 6 licenses business) and Environmental
      Protection Segment CGU for impairment testing. The directors of the Company consider that
      the assets (including goodwill and other intangible assets allocated) of respective CGUs of
      Financial Services Segment for Type 1 license business and Type 4 and Type 9 licenses
      business are insignificant to the Group. Accordingly, the details of the impairment test are
      not presented below.

      The basis of the recoverable amount of the relevant CGUs and major underlying assumptions
      are summarised below:




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        162      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020




19.   GOODWILL (Continued)
      Financial Services Segment (Type 1, Type 4 and Type 6 licenses business)
      The recoverable amount of this CGU has been determined based on a value in use calculation
      using cash flow projections based on financial budgets covering a five-year period approved
      by senior management. The pre-tax discount rate applied to the cash flow projections was
      13.5% (2019: 14.7%), and the cash flows beyond the five-year period were extrapolated using
      a growth rate of 3.0% (2019: 3.0%). Other key assumptions for the value in use calculation
      relate to the estimation of cash inflows/outflows which include budgeted revenue and gross
      margin, such estimation is based on the CGU’s past performance and management’s
      expectations for the market development.


      Based on the result of the above impairment testing, the estimated recoverable amount
      exceeded the carrying amount of the CGU by approximately 27.4% (2019: 45.2%) as at 31
      December 2020. Management believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these
      assumptions would not cause the carrying amount to exceed the recoverable amount of this
      CGU.


      Environmental Protection Segment
      The recoverable amount of this CGU has been determined based on a value in use calculation
      using cash flow projections based on financial budgets covering a five-year period approved
      by senior management. The pre-tax discount rate applied to the cash flow projections was
      18.3% (2019: 17.6%), and the cash flows beyond the five-year period were extrapolated using
      a growth rate of 2.6% (2019: 3.0%). Other key assumptions for the value in use calculation
      relate to the estimation of cash inflows/outflows which include budgeted revenue and gross
      margin, such estimation is based on the CGU’s past performance and management’s
      expectations for the market development.


      Based on the result of the above impairment testing, the estimated recoverable amount
      exceeded the carrying amount of the CGU by approximately 6.2% (2019: 3.6%) as at 31
      December 2020. Management believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these
      assumptions would not cause the carrying amount to exceed the recoverable amount of this
      CGU.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      163      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




20.   OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                  Trademark           Licenses     Total
                                                                      HK$’000         HK$’000    HK$’000


      As at 1 January 2019                                                       –      13,369    13,369
      Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 41)                                 25,089       7,726    32,815


      As at 31 December 2019 and 1 January 2020                             25,089      21,095    46,184
      Amortisation for the year                                             (2,788)          –     (2,788)


      As at 31 December 2020                                                22,301      21,095    43,396


      The other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment at least
      annually or when there is impairment indicator. Details of impairment testing are set out in
      note 19.


21.   INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE
      The movements in the Group’s investment in an associate during the year are analysed as
      follows:

                                                                                         2020       2019
                                                                                      HK$’000    HK$’000

      As at 1 January                                                                        –    66,122
      Share of result                                                                        –    (1,087)
      Deemed disposal of an associate and become
        a subsidiary (note 42b)                                                              –    (65,035)

      As at 31 December                                                                      –          –




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      164      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




22.   EQUITY INSTRUMENT AT FVTOCI

                                                                                     2020       2019
                                                                                  HK$’000    HK$’000


      Equity investment:
        – Unlisted security in the PRC                                               8,899         –


      On 10 August 2020, the Group entered into an agreement with an independent party to
      incorporate a private company in the PRC (the “Investee”). The Group held 15% equity
      interests of the Investee at a cash consideration of RMB7,500,000 (equivalent to
      approximately HK$8,899,000).


23.   INVENTORIES
                                                                                     2020       2019
                                                                                  HK$’000    HK$’000


      Raw materials                                                                 28,315    21,736
      Finished goods                                                                 8,223    45,326


                                                                                    36,538    67,062




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       165      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




24.   TRADE RECEIVABLES/RECEIVABLES ARISING FROM SECURITIES
      BROKING/LOAN RECEIVABLES
                                                                                     2020        2019
                                                                                  HK$’000     HK$’000


      Trade receivables, goods and services                                        460,428     327,425
      Less: allowance for credit losses                                            (11,019)     (6,337)


                                                                                   449,409     321,088


      Receivables arising from securities broking conducted in the
        ordinary course of business:
        – Cash clients accounts receivable                                          26,871      10,287
        – Loans to margin clients                                                  138,458      79,203
      Less: allowance for credit losses                                             (1,956)         (9)


                                                                                   163,373      89,481


      Receivables arising from money lending business:
        – Loan receivables                                                         177,679           –
      Less: allowance for credit losses                                            (20,626)          –


                                                                                   157,053           –


                                                                                   769,835     410,569


      Trade receivables
      The credit periods are generally one to three months. Each customer has a maximum credit
      limit. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables to minimise
      credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior management.


      At the end of the reporting period, 36% (2019: 26%) and 65% (2019: 55%) of the Group’s trade
      receivables were due from the Group’s largest customer and the five largest customers
      respectively. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its
      trade receivables.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      166      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




24.   TRADE RECEIVABLES/RECEIVABLES ARISING FROM SECURITIES
      BROKING/LOAN RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      Receivables arising from securities broking
      With regard to receivables arising from securities broking, the Group seeks to maintain tight
      control over its outstanding accounts receivable and has procedures and policies to assess its
      clients’ credit quality and define credit limits for each client. All client acceptances and credit
      limits are approved by designated approvers according to the clients’ credit quality.


      The normal settlement term of cash clients accounts receivable arising from the ordinary
      course of business of securities broking is two trading days after the trade date.


      Loans to margin clients are secured by the underlying pledged securities, repayable on
      demand or agreed dates of repayment and bear interest at commercial rates. As at 31
      December 2020, the total market value of securities pledged as collateral in respect of the
      loans to margin clients was HK$586,020,000 (2019: HK$244,113,000). Securities are assigned
      with specific margin ratios for calculating their margin values. Additional funds or collaterals
      are required if the amount of accounts receivable outstanding exceeds the eligible margin
      value of securities deposited. As at 31 December 2020, 95% (2019: 99%) of the balance were
      secured by sufficient collaterals on an individual basis. Management has assessed the market
      value of the pledged securities of each individual customer that has margin shortfall as at the
      year end. The collaterals held cannot be repledged by the Group. The corresponding
      collaterals held can be sold at the Group’s discretion to settle any outstanding amounts owed
      by the margin clients in the event of default.


      Loan receivables
      Loan receivables are unsecured, repayable on agreed dates of repayment within one year and
      bear interest at commercial rates.

      The following is an ageing analysis of trade receivables, net of allowance for credit losses
      presented based on the invoice dates/date of rendering of services:


                                                                                      2020          2019
                                                                                   HK$’000      HK$’000


      Current to 30 days                                                            196,304      116,691
      31 to 60 days                                                                  58,342       80,947
      61 to 90 days                                                                  23,079        7,264
      Over 90 days                                                                  171,684      116,186


                                                                                    449,409      321,088




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       167      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020




24.   TRADE RECEIVABLES/RECEIVABLES ARISING FROM SECURITIES
      BROKING/LOAN RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      No ageing analysis of cash clients accounts receivable, loans to margin clients and loans to
      money lending clients is disclosed as in the opinion of the directors of the Company, the
      ageing analysis is not meaningful in view of the nature of the cash clients accounts receivable
      arising from securities broking, the revolving margin loans and the money lending loans.


      Details of impairment assessment of trade receivables, receivables arising from securities
      broking and loan receivables for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 are set out in
      note 49b.


25.   PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES


                                                                                       2020       2019
                                                                                    HK$’000    HK$’000


      Prepayments for purchase of inventories                                         90,312    117,217
      Deposit paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                    4,484      4,483
      Refundable rental deposits                                                      12,879     11,924
      Other prepayments, deposits and receivables                                    104,413     19,537
      Other receivables from a local government authority (note a)                   132,776    144,021
      Purchased or originated credit-impaired
        loan receivables (note b)                                                     95,884     86,161


                                                                                     440,748    383,343


      Classified as:
        – Current assets                                                             425,961    368,781
        – Non-current assets                                                          14,787     14,562


                                                                                     440,748    383,343




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      168      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                           For the year ended 31 December 2020




25.   PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      Notes:

      (a)      The amounts represent receivables due from a local government authority in the PRC in respect
               of sales of properties before the acquisition of subsidiaries in 2018. Management believes that no
               impairment loss is necessary in respect of this balance as the amount is still considered to be
               fully recoverable taken into account of the repayment history and the current creditworthiness of
               the debtor.

      (b)      The amounts represent three (2019: three) credit-impaired loan receivables purchased from a
               bank in the PRC at cash consideration of RMB72,827,000. Legal proceeding had been entered into
               between the bank and the original debtors regarding the recoverability of the credit-impaired
               loan receivables and it was judged that the pledged properties could be used for auctions to
               repay the outstanding loans and interests. The loan receivables are carried at contractual interest
               rate from 8.5% to 9.3% (2019: 8.5% to 9.3%) per annum and the Group has applied the
               credit-adjusted effective interest rate from 8.5% to 9.3% (2019: 8.5% to 9.3%) to the amortised cost
               of the financial assets from initial recognition. It only recognises the cumulative changes in
               lifetime ECL since initial recognition as a loss allowance. During the year ended 31 December
               2020, no impairment loss (2019: HK$578,000) is recognised in profit or loss for the lifetime ECL.

26.   PROPOSED DEVELOPMENT PROJECT
      The carrying amount of proposed development project represents the difference between the
      consideration paid and the net assets acquired in the acquisition of assets through acquisition
      of 深圳市友盛地產有限公司 (Shenzhen Yousheng Real Estate Co., Ltd. or “Shenzhen
      Yousheng”) in 2019. Further details of the proposed development project are disclosed in
      note 42b.


      The amount would be converted into properties under development upon obtain the land use
      right.


27.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL


                                                                                            2020             2019
                                                                                        HK$’000          HK$’000


      Club and school debentures                                                          10,108           10,720
      Equity investments, listed in Hong Kong                                               5,189            3,410


                                                                                          15,297           14,130


      The fair values of the Group’s financial assets at FVTPL have been measured as described in
      note 49b.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED         169      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020




28.   CASH HELD ON BEHALF OF CLIENTS
      The Group maintains segregated trust accounts with licensed banks to hold securities clients’
      monies arising from its securities brokerage business. The Group has classified the clients’
      monies as “Cash held on behalf of clients” under the current assets and recognised the
      corresponding liabilities to respective clients on grounds that the Group is liable for any loss
      or misappropriation of clients’ monies. The Group is not allowed to use the clients’ monies to
      settle its own obligations.


29.   BANK BALANCES AND CASH
      Bank balances carry interest at prevailing market rates which range from 0.01% to 0.35%
      (2019: 0.01% to 1.4%) per annum. Short-term time deposits are made for few days period to
      meet the immediate cash requirements of the Group, and earn interest at the respective
      short-term time deposit rates of 0.17% (2019: 1.4%) per annum. The bank balances and
      deposits are deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.


30.   TRADE PAYABLES/PAYABLES ARISING FROM SECURITIES BROKING
                                                                                       2020       2019
                                                                                    HK$’000    HK$’000


      Trade payables                                                                  34,819    55,360
      Payables arising from securities broking conducted in the
        ordinary course of business:
        – Cash clients accounts payable                                              139,642    16,853


                                                                                     174,461    72,213


      The following is an ageing analysis of trade payables based on invoice dates:


                                                                                       2020       2019
                                                                                    HK$’000    HK$’000


      Current to 30 days                                                              14,684    34,465
      31 to 60 days                                                                     694      6,301
      61 to 90 days                                                                     327        945
      Over 90 days                                                                    19,114    13,649


                                                                                      34,819    55,360




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        170      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          For the year ended 31 December 2020




30.   TRADE PAYABLES/PAYABLES ARISING FROM SECURITIES BROKING
      (Continued)
      The credit period of trade payables ranges from 60 to 90 days (2019: 60 to 90 days). The
      normal settlement terms of payables arising from securities broking are two trading days
      after the trade date.


      Included in cash clients accounts payable arising from dealing in securities conducted in the
      ordinary course of business is cash held on behalf of clients amounted to HK$119,538,000
      (2019: HK$6,292,000) representing those clients’ undrawn monies/excess deposits placed
      with the Group. As at 31 December 2020, the cash clients accounts payable included an
      amount of HK$112,000 (2019: HK$116,000) in respect of certain directors’ undrawn monies/
      excess deposits placed with the Group. The cash clients accounts payable are repayable on
      demand and non interest-bearing. No ageing analysis is disclosed as, in the opinion of the
      directors of the Company, an ageing analysis is not meaningful in view of the nature of the
      business of dealing in securities.


31.   CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                          2020             2019
                                                                                       HK$’000        HK$’000


      Current
      Printing services contract (note a)                                                 3,950           2,400
      Receipts in advance from customers (note b)                                        31,793           2,741


                                                                                         35,743           5,141


      Notes:

      (a)      When the Group receives a deposit before the printing activity commences, this will give rise to
               contract liabilities at the inception of a contract, until the revenue recognised on the relevant
               contract exceeds the amount of the deposit. The Group typically receives a 20% deposit on
               acceptance of provision for certain printing services. At contract inception, performance
               obligation is expected to be satisfied within one year.

      (b)      The amount represents receipts in advance from customers of Environmental Protection Segment
               for unsatisfied performance obligations and are recognised as revenue when the Group performs
               its obligations under the contracts. At contract inception, performance obligation is expected to
               be satisfied within one year.


               The increase of contract liabilities as at 31 December 2020 is mainly due to the increase in the
               deposits received as a result of more orders received from customers during the reporting
               period.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        171      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020




32.   OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                       2020            2019
                                                                                    HK$’000       HK$’000


      Deferred consideration for acquisition of a subsidiary (note 41)                44,693         42,353
      Accrued expenses                                                                37,657         29,480
      Other payables                                                                  15,427          8,931
      Provision (note)                                                                42,843              –
      Deposits received                                                                2,690          3,391
      Other tax payables                                                              70,082         58,799


                                                                                     213,392        142,954


      Classified as:
        – Current liabilities                                                        168,699        100,601
        – Non-current liabilities                                                     44,693         42,353


                                                                                     213,392        142,954


      Note: The amount represents a provision for a legal claim brought against the Group by third party in
            relation to the outstanding agency fee and interests accrued thereon for the acquisition of a
            subsidiary in 2016. The Group is eligible for reimbursement of approximately HK$28,200,000 by
            third party in this regard. Further details are set out in the announcement of the Company dated
            31 December 2020.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        172      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




33.   BANK BORROWINGS AND OVERDRAFTS
                                                                                       2020        2019
                                                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000


      Bank borrowings
        – Secured                                                                  6,613,627   4,630,617
        – Unsecured                                                                3,494,396   3,318,375
      Secured bank overdrafts                                                             –      20,000


                                                                                  10,108,023   7,968,992


      The contractual maturity dates of the bank borrowings and overdrafts are as follows:


                                                                                       2020        2019
                                                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000


      Carrying amount of bank borrowings are repayable (note d):
        – Within one year                                                           503,874     235,204
        – More than one year but not more than two years                            542,961     242,679
        – More than two years but not more than five years                         7,297,142   6,990,435
        – Over five years                                                          1,545,554    210,955


                                                                                   9,889,531   7,679,273


      Carrying amount of bank borrowings and overdrafts
        that contain a repayment on demand clause:
        – Within one year                                                           218,492     289,719


                                                                                  10,108,023   7,968,992
      Less: amounts due within one year shown
        under current liabilities                                                  (722,366)   (524,923)


      Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                                  9,385,657   7,444,069




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      173      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               For the year ended 31 December 2020




33.   BANK BORROWINGS AND OVERDRAFTS (Continued)
      Notes:


      (a)      As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s bank borrowings and overdrafts of HK$218,492,000 (2019:
               HK$289,719,000) bear interest rates from 1.25% to 2.20% (2019: 1.25% to 1.75%) over Hong Kong
               Interbank Offered Rate (“HIBOR”) per annum.

      (b)      As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s bank borrowing of HK$234,482,000 (2019: HK$240,000,000)
               bears interest rate of 2.85% (2019: 2.85%) below Prime Rate per annum.

      (c)      As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s bank borrowings of HK$9,655,049,000 (2019:
               HK$7,439,273,000) bear interest rates from 5.62% to 7.60% (2019: 5.62% to 7.6%) per annum.

      (d)      The amounts due are based on scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreements.

      (e)      The Group’s available banking facilities amounted to HK$11,083,840,000 (2019:
               HK$8,745,791,000), of which HK$10,108,023,000 (2019: HK$7,968,992,000) had been utilised at the
               end of the reporting period.

      (f)      Certain bank borrowings and overdrafts of the Group were guaranteed by the Company up to
               HK$9,860,203,000 (2019: HK$7,720,082,000), the Group companies up to HK$9,271,279,000 (2019:
               HK$7,090,203,000) and secured by mortgages over the Group’s investment properties with a
               c a r r y i n g a m o u n t a t t h e e n d o f t h e r e p o r t i n g p e r i o d o f H K $11,839,176,000 (2019:
               HK$8,024,831,000), mortgages over the Group’s leasehold land and buildings with a carrying
               amount at the end of the reporting period of HK$363,840,000 (2019: HK$354,380,000), secured by
               securities collateral pledged to the Group by margin clients with market value of HK$9,529,000
               (2019: Nil) and shares of two (2019: two) investment properties owing subsidiaries.

      (g)      Certain bank borrowings and overdrafts of the Group were guaranteed by the directors and
               controlling shareholders of the Company up to HK$9,880,694,000 (2019: HK$7,670,363,000) and
               the related parties of the Group up to HK$8,837,000 (2019: HK$8,910,000).

      (h)      Except for bank borrowings of HK$9,655,049,000 (2019: HK$7,439,273,000) which are
               denominated in RMB, all other bank borrowings and overdrafts are denominated in HK$.




                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED            174      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                         For the year ended 31 December 2020




34.   AMOUNTS DUE TO RELATED PARTIES
                                                                                         2020            2019
                                                                                      HK$’000       HK$’000


      Amount due to a related party, who has significant influence
        over a subsidiary of the Company (note a)                                       36,646         35,671
      Amounts due to related parties, who have significant influence
        over a subsidiary of the Company (note b)                                       35,215         33,825


                                                                                        71,861         69,496


      Notes:

      (a)      Amount due is unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.


      (b)      Amounts due are unsecured, interest-free (2019: interest-bearing at 5% per annum) and repayable
               on demand.


35.   LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                         2020          2019
                                                                                      HK$’000       HK$’000

      Total minimum lease payments:
        – Due within one year                                                           34,413         30,689
        – Due in the second to the fifth years                                           5,170         31,408


                                                                                        39,583         62,097
      Future finance charges on lease liabilities                                         (553)        (2,329)


      Present value of lease liabilities                                                39,030         59,768


      Present value of minimum lease payments:
        – Due within one year                                                           33,893         29,794
        – Due in the second to the fifth years                                           5,137         29,974


                                                                                        39,030         59,768
      Less: portion due within one year included
        under current liabilities                                                      (33,893)       (29,794)


      Portion due after one year included under non-current liabilities                  5,137         29,974




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       175      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              For the year ended 31 December 2020




35.   LEASE LIABILITIES (Continued)
      Note:

      During the year ended 31 December 2020, the total cash outflows for the leases are HK$36,143,000
      (2019: HK$31,638,000).


      Details of the lease activities
      As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Group has entered into leases for office equipment and
      certain office premises and warehouse.


                               Consolidated financial                                      Number of    Number of    Number of
                               statements item of                           Range of       lease with   lease with   lease with
      Type of right-of-use     right-of-use asset               Number      remaining       extension    option to termination
      asset                    included in                       of lease   lease term        option     purchase       option


      As at 31 December 2020


      Land and buildings       Property, plant and equipment          11    1 to 3 years            6           2            9
        carried at cost


      Office equipment         Property, plant and equipment           1    3 years                 –           –            –


      As at 31 December 2019


      Land and buildings       Property, plant and equipment          11    1 to 4 years            5           3            8
        carried at cost


      Office equipment         Property, plant and equipment           1    4 years                 –           –            –


      The Group considered that no extension option or termination option would be exercised at
      the lease commencement date.




                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED             176     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              For the year ended 31 December 2020




36.   DEFERRED TAXATION
      The following are the deferred tax liabilities/(assets) recognised and movements thereon
      during the current and prior years:


                                              Depreciation
                                                allowance
                                                 in excess
                                                of related        Revaluation
                                              depreciation       of properties      Tax losses     Others       Total
                                                  HK$’000             HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000


      As at 1 January 2019                             911            386,556           (1,109)     (8,916)    377,442
      Deferred tax (credited)/charged to
        profit or loss (note 10)                        (54)           (43,219)           180       8,478      (34,615)
      Charged to other comprehensive income               –                181              –           –          181
      Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 41)               –                  –              –       5,415        5,415
      Exchange realignment                                –             (8,712)             –          (2)      (8,714)


      As at 31 December 2019 and
        1 January 2020                                 857            334,806             (929)     4,975      339,709
      Deferred tax (credited)/charged to
        profit or loss (note 10)                         (2)          558,110             459       (4,762)    553,805
      Charged to other comprehensive income               –               297               –            –         297
      Exchange realignment                                –            20,588               –          166      20,754


      As at 31 December 2020                           855            913,801             (470)       379      914,565


      At the end of the reporting period, the Group has estimated tax losses arising in Hong Kong
      of HK$354,266,000 (2019: HK$324,334,000) that are available indefinitely for offsetting against
      future taxable profits of the companies in which the losses arose. The Group also has
      estimated tax losses arising in the PRC of HK$1,097,569,000 (2019: HK$504,150,000) that will
      expire in one to five years for offsetting against future taxable profits. A deferred tax asset
      has been recognised in respect of tax losses of HK$2,850,000 (2019: HK$5,640,000) as at 31
      December 2020. Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the remaining tax
      losses as they have arisen in subsidiaries that have been loss-making for some time and in the
      opinion of the directors of the Company, it is not considered probable that taxable profits
      will be available against which the tax losses can be utilised due to the unpredictability of
      future profit streams.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED              177     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




36.   DEFERRED TAXATION (Continued)
      Under the EIT Law of the PRC, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect
      of profits earned by the PRC subsidiaries from 1 January 2008 onwards. Deferred taxation
      has not been provided in the consolidated financial statements in respect of the temporary
      difference attributable to the accumulated profits of the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC
      amounted to HK$29,043,000 (2019: HK$31,568,000) as the Group is able to control the timing
      of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that these temporary difference
      will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


37.   LOANS FROM ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY
                                                                                      2020         2019
                                                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000


      Loans from ultimate holding company                                           744,192     687,688


      Loans from ultimate holding company were unsecured, interest-bearing at 8.2% (2019: 8.2%)
      per annum and will be repayable in June 2022 (2019: June 2021).


38.   PROMISSORY NOTES
                                                                                               HK$’000


      As at 1 January 2019                                                                    1,492,460
      Effective interest charged (note 9)                                                        40,375
      Repayment                                                                               (2,006,365)
      Loss on early redemption charged to profit or loss                                        439,781
      Exchange realignment                                                                       33,749


      As at 31 December 2019, 1 January 2020 and 31 December 2020                                      –




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       178      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020




38.   PROMISSORY NOTES (Continued)
      On 19 April 2018, the Group issued two tranches of promissory notes with principal amounts
      of RMB1,517,321,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$1,897,801,000) and RMB140,543,000
      (equivalent to approximately HK$175,784,000) respectively as part of the consideration for
      the acquisition of assets through acquisition of subsidiaries. The promissory notes are
      unsecured, interest-bearing at 3.86% per annum and repayable on 18 April 2023. The effective
      interest rate of the promissory notes is 13.05% per annum, which is valued by B.I. Appraisals
      Limited and it resulted in a fair value at the inception date of HK$1,496,949,000.

      Pursuant to the agreements, the Group has the right to redeem the promissory notes at the
      sum of (a) the principal amount outstanding on the promissory notes; and (b) the
      outstanding interests up to the date of early redemption.

      The promissory notes were early redeemed by the Group on 20 March 2019.

39.   SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                         2020          2019
                                                                                      HK$’000     HK$’000


      Authorised:
      20,000,000,000 ordinary shares of HK$0.10 each                                 2,000,000    2,000,000


      Issued and fully paid:
      1,438,209,880 ordinary shares of HK$0.10 each                                    143,821      143,821


      A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:


                                                                                    Number of
                                                                                     ordinary
                                                                                       shares        Share
                                                                                      in issue      capital
                                                                                                  HK$’000


      As at 1 January 2019                                                      1,435,709,880       143,571
      Issue of shares (note)                                                         2,500,000          250


      As at 31 December 2019, 1 January 2020 and 31 December 2020               1,438,209,880       143,821


      Note:   On 10 June 2019, the Company issued 2,500,000 shares at HK$4.60 per share, for a consideration
              of HK$11,498,000. The issuance of shares was pursuant to the terms and conditions under the
              acquisition agreement for the acquisition of 60% equity interests in Realord Environmental
              Protection Industrial Company Limited (“Realord Environmental Protection”) and its
              subsidiaries in 2017. The new shares rank pari passu with existing shares in all respects.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        179      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020




40.   SHARE OPTION SCHEME
      The Company operates a share option scheme (the “Scheme”) for the purpose of providing
      incentives and rewards to eligible participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s
      operations. Eligible participants of the Scheme include the Company’s directors and full time
      employees of the Group. The Scheme became effective on 10 August 2012 and, unless
      otherwise cancelled or amended, will remain in force for ten years from that date.


      The maximum number of unexercised share options currently permitted to be granted under
      the Scheme is an amount equivalent, upon their exercise, to 10% of the shares of the
      Company in issue at the date of approval of the Scheme on 10 August 2012. The maximum
      number of shares issuable under share options to each eligible participant in the Scheme
      within any 12-month period is limited to 1% of the shares of the Company in issue at any
      time. Any further grant of share options in excess of this limit is subject to shareholders’
      approval in a general meeting.


      Share options granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the
      Company, or to any of their associates, are subject to approval in advance by the independent
      non-executive directors. In addition, any share options granted to a substantial shareholder
      or an independent non-executive director of the Company, or to any of their associates, in
      excess of 0.1% of the shares of the Company in issue at any time or with an aggregate value
      (based on the price of the Company’s shares at the date of grant) in excess of HK$5,000,000,
      within any 12-month period, are subject to shareholders’ approval in advance in a general
      meeting.


      The offer of a grant of share options may be accepted within 21 days from the date of offer,
      upon payment of a nominal consideration of HK$1 in total by the grantee. The exercise
      period of the share options granted is determinable by the directors of the Company, and
      commences after a vesting period of two years and ends on a date which is not later than 10
      years from the date of the grant of the option but subject to the provisions for early
      termination of the Scheme. Unless otherwise determined by the directors of the Company at
      their sole discretion, there is no requirement of a minimum period for which an option must
      be held before it can be exercised.


      The exercise price of share options is determinable by the directors of the Company, but may
      not be less than the higher of (i) the Stock Exchange closing price of the Company’s shares on
      the date of offer of the share options; and (ii) the average Stock Exchange closing price of the
      Company’s shares for the five trading days immediately preceding the date of offer.


      Share options do not confer rights to the holders to dividends or to vote at shareholders’
      meetings.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      180      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




40.   SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)
      The following share options were outstanding under the Scheme during the year:


                                                                                   Weighted
                                                                                    average
                                                                              exercise price    Number
                                                                                   per share   of options
                                                                                       HK$           ’000


      As at 1 January 2019, 31 December 2019, 1 January 2020
        and 31 December 2020                                                            4.11        7,800


      No share options were exercised during the year ended 31 December 2020 (2019: Nil).

      At the end of the reporting period and the date of approval of these consolidated financial
      statements, the Company had 7,800,000 (2019: 7,800,000) share options outstanding under the
      Scheme, which represented approximately 0.5% (2019: 0.5%) of the Company’s shares in issue
      as at that date.

41.   BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
      On 30 April 2019, the Group completed an acquisition of 60% equity interests in Optima
      Capital Limited (“Optima Capital”) from Ms. Leung Mei Han, a spouse of a director of a
      subsidiary of the Company and two independent third parties, for total consideration of
      HK$96,000,000. The acquisition has been accounted for using the purchase method.

      Optima Capital is a licensed corporation under the Securities and Futures Ordinance to carry
      out corporate finance advisory services in Hong Kong. The acquisition was made as part of
      the Group strategy to expand its financial services business in Hong Kong.

      Consideration transferred
                                                                                                HK$’000

      Cash                                                                                         48,000
      Deferred consideration (note)                                                                40,849


                                                                                                   88,849


      Note: Based on the acquisition agreement dated 27 December 2018, part of the consideration amounting
            to HK$48,000,000 (the “deferred consideration”) will be paid on the third anniversary of the
            completion date of the acquisition. The fair value of the deferred consideration approximates
            HK$40,849,000 at the acquisition date.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       181      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020




41.   BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (Continued)
      The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of Optima Capital at the acquisition
      date were as follows:


                                                                                            HK$’000

      Property, plant and equipment                                                           18,240
      Other intangible assets (note 20)                                                       32,815
      Trade receivables                                                                        7,540
      Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                              1,845
      Bank balances and cash                                                                  13,616
      Other payables and accruals                                                               (581)
      Contract liabilities                                                                        (92)
      Lease liabilities                                                                      (16,946)
      Tax payable                                                                              (1,095)
      Deferred tax liabilities (note 36)                                                       (5,415)


      Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                             49,927


      Goodwill arising on acquisition
                                                                                            HK$’000

      Consideration transferred                                                               88,849
      Add: non-controlling interests                                                          19,971
      Less: fair value of identifiable net assets acquired                                   (49,927)


                                                                                              58,893




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       182      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020




41.   BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (Continued)
      Net cash outflow on acquisition
                                                                                        HK$’000

      Bank balances and cash acquired                                                      13,616
      Cash consideration paid                                                             (48,000)


                                                                                          (34,384)


      The non-controlling interests arising from the acquisition of non-wholly owned subsidiary
      are measured by reference to the proportionate share of the fair value of the acquiree’s
      identifiable net assets at the acquisition date and amounted to HK$49,927,000.


      Goodwill arose in the acquisition of Optima Capital because the cost of the combination
      included a control premium. In addition, the consideration paid for the combination
      effectively included amount in relation to the assembled workforce of Optima Capital. Such
      benefit is not recognised separately from goodwill because it does not meet the recognition
      criteria for identifiable intangible assets.


      Since the acquisition, Optima Capital contributed HK$25,241,000 to the Group’s revenue and
      generated a profit of HK$739,000 which was included in the Group’s results for the year
      ended 31 December 2019.


      Had the combination taken place at the beginning of the year ended 31 December 2019, the
      revenue and the loss of the Group would have been HK$841,759,000 and HK$406,193,000,
      respectively.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        183      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




42.   ACQUISITION OF ASSETS THROUGH ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES
      (a)   Bright Success Inc.
            On 27 March 2019, the Group acquired 100% equity interests in Bright Success Inc. and
            its subsidiary (“Bright Success Group”), from an independent third party at a cash
            consideration of HK$513,114,000. Bright Success Group is engaged in property
            investment business.


            The above transaction was accounted for as acquisition of assets rather than as business
            combinations because Bright Success Group did not carry out any significant business
            transactions prior to the date of acquisition.


            Further details are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 15 February
            2019.


            The assets acquired at the completion date were as follows:


                                                                                           HK$’000


            Investment property (note 18)                                                   513,000
            Deposits and prepayments                                                            114
            Shareholder’s loan                                                             (470,220)


                                                                                             42,894
            Settlement of shareholder’s loan                                                470,220


            Net assets acquired                                                             513,114


            Net cash outflow on acquisition
                                                                                           HK$’000


            Cash consideration paid (note)                                                  461,814


            Note: Part of the consideration of HK$513,114,000 for the acquisition was satisfied by a
                  prepayment of HK$51,300,000 made in 2018.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       184      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




42.   ACQUISITION OF ASSETS THROUGH ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES
      (Continued)
      (b)   Shenzhen Yousheng
            Shenzhen Yousheng was an associate of the Group as at 31 December 2018 of which the
            Group held 49% equity interests. On 22 May 2019, the Group acquired addition 2%
            equity interests in Shenzhen Yousheng at a cash consideration of RMB40,000,000
            (equivalent to approximately HK$45,475,000). Shenzhen Yousheng became a 51%
            subsidiary of the Group. Shenzhen Yousheng is engaged in property development.


            Shenzhen Yousheng did not carry out any significant business transactions prior to the
            date of acquisition and only had proposed development project. Therefore, the Group
            considered this would be an acquisition of assets in substance and the difference
            between the consideration paid and the net assets acquired would be recognised as
            adjustments to the carrying amount of proposed development project.


            The non-controlling interests recognised at the acquisition date are measured by
            reference to the fair value.


            The assets acquired at the completion date were as follows:


                                                                                         HK$’000


            Property, plant and equipment                                                     127
            Proposed development project                                                 1,610,783
            Deposits and other receivables                                                    171
            Bank balances and cash                                                           5,631
            Other payables and accruals                                                    (22,363)


                                                                                         1,594,349
            Less: non-controlling interests                                               (774,437)


            Net assets acquired                                                           819,912




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       185      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2020




42.   ACQUISITION OF ASSETS THROUGH ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES
      (Continued)
      (b)   Shenzhen Yousheng (Continued)
                                                                                         HK$’000


            Total consideration satisfied by:
              – Fair value of previously held interests in
                    an associate at the acquisition date                                  774,437
              – Cash                                                                       45,475


                                                                                          819,912


            Net cash outflow on acquisition
                                                                                         HK$’000


            Bank balances and cash acquired                                                  5,631
            Cash consideration paid                                                        (45,475)


                                                                                           (39,844)


            Re-measurement on investment in an associate
                                                                                         HK$’000


            Fair value of previously held interests in an associate
              at the acquisition date                                                     774,437
            Less: investment in an associate (note 21)                                     (65,035)


            Gain on re-measurement of previously held interests in an associate           709,402


43.   PLEDGE OF ASSETS
      Details of the Group’s bank borrowings and overdrafts which are secured by the assets of the
      Group, are included in note 33.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED         186      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




44.   LEASE COMMITMENTS
      (a)   As lessor
            The Group leases certain investment properties (note 18) under operating lease
            arrangements, with leases negotiated for terms ranging from one to ten years (2019:
            one to three years). The terms of the leases generally also require the tenants to pay
            security deposits.


            The Group had total future minimum lease rental receivables under non-cancellable
            operating leases with its tenants as follows:


                                                                                     2020       2019
                                                                                  HK$’000    HK$’000


            Within one year                                                          7,569     2,525
            After one year but within two years                                      1,443       746
            After two years but within three years                                    911          –
            After three years but within four years                                   694          –
            After four years but within five years                                    685          –
            After five years                                                         2,609         –


                                                                                    13,911     3,271


      (b)   As lessee
            As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Group had lease commitments for short-term
            leases as follows:


                                                                                     2020       2019
                                                                                  HK$’000    HK$’000


            Within one year                                                          2,646     1,659
            In the second to fifth years                                                –          5


                                                                                     2,646     1,664


            As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Group leases certain office premises and office
            equipment with a lease period of 12 months, which are qualified to be accounted for
            under short-term lease exemption under HKFRS 16.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      187      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




45.   CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
      The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                     2020       2019
                                                                                  HK$’000    HK$’000



      Contracted, but not provided for:
       – Capital injection in a joint venture engaged in securities
            brokerage business                                                     415,293    391,054
       – Leasehold improvements                                                      1,471      2,474


                                                                                   416,764    393,528


46.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      In addition to the transactions and balances detailed elsewhere in these consolidated
      financial statements, the Group had the following material transactions with related parties
      during the year:


      (a)   Related party transactions
                                                                                     2020       2019
                                                                                  HK$’000    HK$’000



            Interest expense on promissory notes to the directors and
              controlling shareholders                                                  –      40,375


            Interest expense on loans from ultimate holding company                 85,233     55,958


            Management fee paid to a related company controlled
             by a director of the Company in the PRC                                  839        205


            Rental expense paid to the directors and controlling
              shareholders                                                              –        110


            Securities service fee received from the directors and
              controlling shareholders                                                 40          6




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      188      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020




46.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (b)   Other transactions with related parties
            During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group received loans from and repaid to
            ultimate holding company of HK$3,434,748,000 (2019: HK$2,100,206,000) and
            HK$3,393,068,000 (2019: HK$2,220,964,000), respectively.


      (c)   Compensation of key management personnel of the Group


                                                                                    2020       2019
                                                                                 HK$’000    HK$’000



            Short-term employee benefits                                           12,588    10,692
            Post-employment benefits                                                  54         54


                                                                                   12,642    10,746


            Further details of directors’ emoluments are included in note 12A.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      189      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2020




47.   RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
      The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities,
      including both cash and non-cash changes.


                                                        Bank         Loans from
                                                   borrowings           ultimate Amounts due
                                        Promissory        and           holding    to related     Interest        Lease
                                             notes overdrafts          company        parties     payable     liabilities      Total
                                           HK$’000    HK$’000           HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000

      As at 1 January 2019                1,492,460     5,360,999        821,460        78,524           –        66,086     7,819,529
      Financing cash flows               (2,006,365)    2,705,298       (120,758)      (31,200)   (490,472)      (29,080)       27,423
      Non-cash transactions:
        – Acquisition of subsidiaries            –              –              –       22,363            –        16,946       39,309
        – Finance costs                     40,375              –              –            –      490,472         1,753      532,600
        – Loss on early redemption         439,781              –              –            –            –             –      439,781
        – Entering into new leases               –              –              –            –            –         4,191        4,191
        – Exchange loss/(gain)
             recognised in profit
             or loss                        33,749              –        (13,014)            –           –             –       20,735
        – Exchange gain recognised
             in other comprehensive
             income                               –       (97,305)             –         (191)           –          (128)      (97,624)


      As at 31 December 2019 and
        1 January 2020                            –     7,968,992       687,688        69,496            –        59,768     8,785,944
      Financing cash flows                        –     1,431,790        41,680        (1,549)    (626,851)      (34,255)      810,815
      Non-cash transactions:
        – Finance costs                           –             –              –             –     626,851         1,191      628,042
        – Lease modification                      –             –              –             –           –         2,327        2,327
        – Lease termination                       –             –              –             –           –           (97)         (97)
        – Entering into new leases                –             –              –             –           –         9,872        9,872
        – Exchange loss recognised
           in profit or loss                      –      493,916         14,824              –           –             –      508,740
        – Exchange loss recognised
           in other comprehensive
          income                                  –      213,325               –         3,914           –           224      217,463


      As at 31 December 2020                      –    10,108,023       744,192        71,861            –        39,030    10,963,106




                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED               190      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




48.   CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
      The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s
      ability to continue as a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to
      support its business and maximise shareholders’ value.


      The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in
      economic conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or
      adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders,
      return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. No changes were made in the objectives,
      policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended 31 December 2020 and
      2019.


      The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is the total of interest-bearing bank
      borrowings and overdrafts and loans from ultimate holding company divided by equity
      attributable to owners of the Company. The Group’s policy is to maintain the gearing ratio at
      an appropriate level. The gearing ratios at the end of the reporting periods are as follows:


                                                                                       2020        2019
                                                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000



      Bank borrowings and overdrafts                                              10,108,023   7,968,992
      Loans from ultimate holding company                                           744,192     687,688


                                                                                  10,852,215   8,656,680
      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                 3,505,463   2,345,095


      Gearing ratio                                                                   310%        369%




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      191      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020




49.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      (a)   Categories of financial instruments


                                                                                         2020        2019
                                                                                     HK$’000     HK$’000


            Financial assets
            Financial assets at amortised cost                                       2,485,061   1,250,672
            Financial assets at FVTPL                                                  15,297      14,130
            Financial asset at FVTOCI (non-recycling)                                    8,899          –


            Financial liabilities
            Financial liabilities at amortised cost                                 11,238,034   8,939,608


      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies
            The Group’s financial instruments include trade receivables, other receivables,
            receivables arising from securities broking, loan receivables, cash held on behalf of
            clients, bank balances and cash, financial assets at FVTPL/FVTOCI, trade payables,
            other payables, payables arising from securities broking, bank borrowings and
            overdrafts, amounts due to related parties, lease liabilities and loans from ultimate
            holding company. The risks associated with these financial instruments include market
            risk (including currency risk, interest rate risk and other price risk), credit risk and
            liquidity risk. Management manages and monitors these exposures to ensure
            appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.


            Market risk
            (i)     Currency risk
                    The Group is subject to foreign exchange rate risk arising from assets and
                    liabilities which are denominated in currency other than the functional currencies
                    of the relevant group entity. The Group’s foreign currency transactions and
                    balances are principally denominated in United States dollars (“US$”), Japanese
                    Yen (“JPY”), RMB and HK$. The Group is exposed to the foreign exchange rate
                    risk mainly arising from changes in the exchange rate of HK$ against RMB. The
                    Group currently does not have a currency hedging policy. However,
                    management monitors foreign currency exposure and will consider hedging
                    significant currency exposure should the need arises.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      192      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020




49.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Market risk (Continued)
            (i)     Currency risk (Continued)
                    The Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities
                    include trade receivables, other receivables, bank balances and cash, trade
                    payables, other payables and loans from ultimate holding company at the end of
                    respective reporting period and the carrying amounts are as follows:


                                                                                        2020        2019
                                                                                    HK$’000     HK$’000


                    Assets
                    RMB against HK$                                                 1,085,132    671,119
                    US$ against HK$                                                  199,116     137,422
                    JPY against HK$                                                   35,741      17,456
                    HK$ against RMB                                                        –      11,765
                    Others                                                               193         976


                    Liabilities
                    RMB against HK$                                                  154,371    7,538,691
                    US$ against HK$                                                        –      27,221
                    JPY against HK$                                                   15,671      13,291
                    HK$ against RMB                                                        –       4,432
                    Others                                                                 –          15




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      193      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                           For the year ended 31 December 2020




49.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Market risk (Continued)
            (i)     Currency risk (Continued)
                    Sensitivity analysis
                    The Group’s foreign currency risk is concentrated on the fluctuation of HK$,
                    RMB and JPY against foreign currency. The exposure of US$ against HK$ is
                    considered insignificant as HK$ is pegged to US$, therefore is excluded from the
                    sensitivity analysis below.


                    The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% increase and decrease
                    in HK$ against RMB and JPY. The sensitivity rates used represent management’s
                    assessment of the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. A
                    positive number below indicates an increase/a decrease in profit/(loss) for the
                    year where HK$ strengthens 5% against RMB and JPY. For a 5% weakening of
                    HK$ against RMB and JPY, there would be an equal and opposite impact on
                    profit/(loss) for the year and the balance below would be negative.


                                                                                           2020       2019
                                                                                        HK$’000    HK$’000


                    RMB                                                                   34,904   (257,228)
                    JPY                                                                     783        162




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED          194      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                           For the year ended 31 December 2020




49.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Market risk (Continued)
            (ii)      Interest rate risk
                      The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate bank
                      borrowings and loans from ultimate holding company. The Group is also
                      exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank balances
                      (note 29) and variable-rate bank borrowings and overdrafts (note 33).

                      The Group’s cash flow interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation
                      of interest rates on bank balances and HIBOR and Prime Rate arising from the
                      Group’s HK$ denominated bank borrowings and overdrafts. Management
                      monitors interest rate exposure and will consider hedging significant interest rate
                      exposure should the need arise.

                      As at 31 December 2020, if interest rates had been 50 basis points higher/lower
                      with all other variables held constant, the Group’s profit/(loss) for the year
                      ended 31 December 2020 would have been HK$1,706,000 (2019: HK$1,947,000)
                      lower/higher.

            (iii)     Other price risk
                      The Group is exposed to equity price risk arising from equity investments
                      classified as financial assets at FVTPL (note 27) as at 31 December 2020 and 2019.
                      The Group’s listed investments are listed on the Stock Exchange and are valued
                      at quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period.

                      The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to every 10% change in the fair
                      value of the equity investments, with all other variables held constant, based on
                      their carrying amounts at the end of the reporting period.

                                                                                         Increase/Decrease in
                                                                                        profit/(loss) for the year
                                                                                              2020            2019
                                                                                           HK$’000         HK$’000

                      Equity investments, listed in Hong Kong:
                        – Financial assets at FVTPL                                             433             285




                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        195      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2020




49.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risk and impairment assessment
            The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk for the components of the consolidated
            statement of financial position as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 is the carrying
            amounts as disclosed in note 49a. The Group does not hold any collateral or other
            credit enhancements to cover its credit risks associated with its financial assets, except
            for the credit risks associated with receivables arising from securities broking are
            mitigated because they are secured by listed securities in Hong Kong.


            (i)     Trade receivables
                    In order to minimise the credit risk, management of the Group has delegated a
                    team responsible for determination of credit limits and credit approvals. Other
                    monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to
                    recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment
                    under ECL model on trade balances individually.


                    Trade receivables consist of a large number of customers, spread across diverse
                    industries and geographical areas. Accordingly, the Group’s concentration of
                    credit risk is considered minimal. As part of the Group’s credit risk management,
                    trade debtors are assessed individually by reference to any historical default or
                    delay in payments, historical settlements record and current past due exposure of
                    the debtor. The Group then applies an internal credit rating for each debtor and
                    the average loss rates for the year ended 31 December 2020 ranged from 0.1% to
                    4.4% (2019: 0.1% to 4.3%).




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       196      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                         For the year ended 31 December 2020




49.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
            (ii)      Receivables arising from securities broking
                      In order to manage the credit risk in the receivables from clients arising from
                      securities broking, individual credit evaluation are performed on all clients
                      including cash clients and margin clients. Cash clients accounts receivable are
                      generally settled in two trading days after trade date. Hence, credit risk arising
                      from the cash clients accounts receivable is considered minimal. For margin
                      clients, the Group normally obtains liquid securities as collateral based on the
                      margin requirements. The Group has not granted any committed facility amount
                      to each of the margin clients and the margin loan is granted by the Group
                      depending on the assessment of the quality of the collateral and credit risk of the
                      respective client. The margin requirement is closely monitored on a daily basis
                      by the designated team. In addition, the Group reviews the recoverable amount
                      of each individual receivable at the end of each reporting period to ensure that
                      adequate impairment losses are made for irrecoverable amounts. In this regard,
                      the directors of the Company consider that the credit risk is significantly
                      reduced. Market conditions and adequacy of securities collateral and margin
                      deposits of each margin account are monitored by management on a daily basis.
                      Margin calls and forced liquidation are made where necessary. In this regard, the
                      directors of the Company consider that the credit risk is significantly reduced.

                      As part of the Group’s credit risk management, management estimates
                      impairment loss on loans to margin clients individually on each debtor by
                      reference to any historical default or delay in payments, historical settlements
                      record and current past due exposure of the debtor. The Group then applies an
                      internal credit rating for each debtor and the average loss rate for not
                      credit-impaired margin clients for the year ended 31 December 2020 is
                      approximately 0.8% (2019: 0.6%).

            (iii)     Loan receivables
                      In order to minimise the credit risk, management has delegated a team
                      responsible for determination of credit limits and credit approvals. Other
                      monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to
                      recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment
                      under ECL model on balances individually.

                      The Group manages and analyses the credit risk for each of their new and
                      existing clients before standard payment terms and conditions are offered. If
                      there is no independent rating, the Group assesses the credit quality of the
                      customer based on the customer’s financial position, past experience and other
                      factors. The Group then applies an internal credit rating for each debtor and the
                      average loss rates for the year ended 31 December 2020 is approximately 0.8% to
                      23.1%.



                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      197      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                         For the year ended 31 December 2020




49.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
            (iv)     Bank balances and cash held on behalf of clients
                     The Group mainly transacts with banks with high credit ratings. The credit risk
                     for bank balances and cash held on behalf of clients as at 31 December 2020 and
                     2019 is considered as not material as such amounts are placed in reputable banks
                     with high credit ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies.


                     The Group assessed 12-month ECL on these balances by reference to probability
                     of default and recovery rate by credit rating grades published by international
                     credit-rating agencies and concluded that the ECL are insignificant as at 31
                     December 2020 and 2019 and thus no impairment loss was recognised.


            (v)      Other receivables
                     For the purposes of internal credit risk management, the Group uses past due
                     information to assess whether credit risk has increased significantly since initial
                     recognition.

                                                                                  Not past due/
                                                                                      No fixed
                                                                         Past due   repayment       Total
                                                                         HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000

                     2020                                                      70,493   161,016    231,509
                     2019                                                      38,660   122,360    161,020


                     Management of the Company has taken into account the past due information as
                     above and comparable external credit rating assigned by international
                     credit-rating agencies on debtor of similar type to review the recoverable amount
                     of other receivables at the end of the reporting period to ensure that adequate
                     impairment losses was recognised for irrecoverable debts, if applicable.


                     The Group assessed the ECL on other receivables from a local government
                     authority in the PRC by reference to the probability of default and recovery rate
                     by credit rating grades published by international credit-rating agencies and
                     concluded that the ECL are insignificant at initial recognition and as at 31
                     December 2020 and 2019 and thus no impairment loss was recognised.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       198      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             For the year ended 31 December 2020




49.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
            (vi)     Purchased or originated credit-impaired loan receivables
                     The Group has undertaken an internal approval process before executing the
                     decision of acquisition of investments including purchased or originated
                     credit-impaired financial assets. The loss rate of which at initial recognition is
                     approximately 1.8% (2019: 1.8%).


            The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:

                                                                                 Trade receivables/
                                                                                 Receivables arising
            Internal credit                                                      from securities broking/ Other financial assets/
            rating            Description                                        Loan receivables         Other items

            Low risk          The counterparty has a low risk of default and     Lifetime ECL (not        12-month ECL
                                                                                    credit-impaired)
                                does not have any past-due amounts

            Watch list        Debtor frequently repays after due dates but       Lifetime ECL (not        12-month ECL
                                usually settle after due date                      credit-impaired)

            Doubtful          There have been significant increase in credit     Lifetime ECL (not        Lifetime ECL (not
                                risk since initial recognition through             credit-impaired)          credit-impaired)
                                information developed internally or
                                external resources

            Loss              There is evidence indicating the asset is          Lifetime ECL             Lifetime ECL
                                credit-impaired                                    (credit-impaired)         (credit-impaired)

            Write off         There is evidence indicating that the debtor is    Amount is written off    Amount is written off
                                in severe financial difficulty and the Group
                                has no realistic prospect of recovery




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED               199       ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          For the year ended 31 December 2020




49.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
            The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets at
            amortised cost, which are subject to ECL assessment:

                                             External      Internal      12-month/                     Gross carrying
                                       Notes credit rating credit rating Lifetime ECL                      amount
                                                                                                      HK$’000 HK$’000

            As at 31 December 2020

            Cash held on behalf of      28    Aaa              N/A          12-month ECL
              clients                                                         (not credit-impaired)   119,538    119,538

            Bank balances               29    Ba1 – Aaa        N/A          12-month ECL
                                                                              (not credit-impaired) 1,268,295   1,268,295

            Trade receivables           24    N/A              Low risk     Lifetime ECL
                                                                              (not credit-impaired)   460,382

                                                               Watch list   Lifetime ECL
                                                                              (not credit-impaired)       46     460,428

            Receivables arising from    24    N/A              Low risk     Lifetime ECL
              securities broking                                              (not credit-impaired)   165,329    165,329

            Loan receivables            24    N/A              Low risk     Lifetime ECL (not
                                                                              credit-impaired)         88,549

                                                               Watch list   Lifetime ECL (not
                                                                              credit-impaired)         89,130    177,679

            Other receivables           25    N/A              Low risk     12-month ECL
                                                                              (not credit-impaired)   161,016

                                              N/A              Doubtful     Lifetime ECL
                                                                              (not credit-impaired)    70,493    231,509

            Purchased or originated     25    N/A              Loss         Lifetime ECL
              credit-impaired loan                                            (credit-impaired)
              receivables                                                                              97,462     97,462




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED           200      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          For the year ended 31 December 2020




49.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)


                                             External      Internal      12-month/                     Gross carrying
                                       Notes credit rating credit rating Lifetime ECL                      amount
                                                                                                      HK$’000 HK$’000

            As at 31 December 2019

            Cash held on behalf of      28    Aaa              N/A          12-month ECL
              clients                                                         (not credit-impaired)     6,292     6,292

            Bank balances               29    Ba1 – Aaa        N/A          12-month ECL
                                                                              (not credit-impaired)   585,052   585,052

            Trade receivables           24    N/A              Low risk     Lifetime ECL
                                                                              (not credit-impaired)   326,418

                                                               Watch list   Lifetime ECL
                                                                              (not credit-impaired)     1,007   327,425

            Receivables arising from    24    N/A              Low risk     Lifetime ECL
              securities broking                                              (not credit-impaired)    89,490    89,490

            Other receivables           25    N/A              Low risk     12-month ECL
                                                                              (not credit-impaired)   122,360

                                              N/A              Doubtful     Lifetime ECL
                                                                              (not credit-impaired)    38,660   161,020

            Purchased or originated     25    N/A              Loss         Lifetime ECL
              credit-impaired loan                                            (credit-impaired)
              receivables                                                                              87,739    87,739




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED           201      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                         For the year ended 31 December 2020




49.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
            The average loss rates are estimated based on comparable probability of default and
            recovery rate quoted from international credit-rating agencies; and exposure of default
            after consideration of underlying collaterals, if any, and adjusted for forward-looking
            information that is available without undue cost or effort. Such forward-looking
            information is used by management to assess both the current as well as the forecast
            direction of conditions at the end of the reporting period. The internal credit rating
            categories are regularly reviewed by management to ensure relevant information about
            specific debtors is updated.


            The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for
            trade receivables.


                                                                                       Lifetime ECL
                                                                                         (not credit-
                                                                                          impaired)
                                                                                            HK$’000


            As at 1 January 2019                                                              10,387
            Acquisition of subsidiary                                                            710
            Impairment losses reversed, net                                                   (4,760)


            As at 31 December 2019 and 1 January 2020                                          6,337
            Impairment losses recognised, net                                                  4,682


            As at 31 December 2020                                                            11,019


            During the year ended 31 December 2020, net impairment losses on trade receivables of
            HK$4,682,000 (2019: net reversal of impairment losses of HK$4,760,000) was recognised
            in profit or loss.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED          202      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2020




49.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
            The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for
            receivables arising from securities broking.

                                                                    Lifetime ECL        Lifetime ECL
                                                                      (not credit-            (credit-
                                                                        impaired)           impaired)          Total
                                                                         HK$’000             HK$’000         HK$’000

            As at 1 January 2019                                               2,466              183           2,649
            Impairment losses reversed, net                                   (2,457)            (183)         (2,640)


            As at 31 December 2019 and 1 January 2020                             9                 –               9
            Impairment losses recognised, net                                 1,947                 –           1,947


            As at 31 December 2020                                            1,956                 –           1,956


            During the year ended 31 December 2020, net impairment losses on receivables arising
            from securities broking of HK$1,947,000 (2019: net reversal of impairment losses of
            HK$2,640,000) was recognised in profit or loss.

            The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for
            loan receivables.

                                                                                                         Lifetime ECL
                                                                                                          (not credit-
                                                                                                            impaired)
                                                                                                             HK$’000


            As at 1 January 2020                                                                                    –
            Impairment losses recognised                                                                       20,626


            As at 31 December 2020                                                                             20,626


            During the year ended 31 December 2020, impairment losses on loan receivables of
            HK$20,626,000 (2019: Nil) was recognised in profit or loss.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED         203      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020




49.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
            The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for
            purchased or originated credit-impaired loan receivables.

                                                                                        Lifetime ECL
                                                                                    (credit-impaired)
                                                                                             HK$’000

            As at 1 January 2019                                                                1,000
            Impairment losses recognised                                                          578


            As at 31 December 2019, 1 January 2020 and 31 December 2020                         1,578


            Liquidity risk
            In the management of liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash
            and cash equivalents deemed adequate by management to finance the Group’s
            operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuation in cash flows. Management monitors
            the utilisation of bank borrowings and overdrafts and ensures compliance with loan
            covenants. Details of the Group’s bank borrowings and overdrafts are set out in note
            33.


            The following tables detail the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its
            non-derivative financial liabilities. The tables have been drawn up based on the
            undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the
            Group can be required to pay. The maturity dates for non-derivative financial liabilities
            are based on the agreed repayment dates.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      204      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




49.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Liquidity risk (Continued)
                                      On demand
                                         or within             1 to 5          Over                   Carrying
                                            1 year             years         5 years        Total      amount
                                         HK$’000            HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000


            As at 31 December 2020


            Trade payables                  34,819                 –               –       34,819       34,819
            Payables arising from
              securities broking           139,642                 –               –      139,642      139,642
            Other payables                  55,774            48,000               –      103,774      100,467
            Bank borrowings              1,294,527          8,950,108       1,928,968   12,173,603   10,108,023
            Amounts due to related
              parties                       71,861                 –               –       71,861       71,861
            Lease liabilities               34,413             5,170               –       39,583       39,030
            Loans from ultimate
              holding company                     –          799,570               –      799,570      744,192


                                         1,631,036          9,802,848       1,928,968   13,362,852   11,238,034


            As at 31 December 2019


            Trade payables                  55,360                 –               –       55,360       55,360
            Payables arising from
              securities broking            16,853                 –               –       16,853       16,853
            Other payables                  39,098            48,000               –       87,098       81,451
            Bank borrowings and
              overdrafts                   939,066          8,261,412        280,764     9,481,242    7,968,992
            Amounts due to related
              parties                       71,187                 –               –       71,187       69,496
            Lease liabilities               30,689            31,408               –       62,097       59,768
            Loans from ultimate
              holding company                     –          744,079               –      744,079      687,688


                                         1,152,253          9,084,899        280,764    10,517,916    8,939,608




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       205     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                         For the year ended 31 December 2020




49.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Liquidity risk (Continued)
            The amounts included above for variable interest rate instruments for non-derivative
            financial liabilities are subject to change if changes in variable interest rates differ to
            those estimates of interest rates determined at the end of the reporting period.

            Bank borrowings and overdrafts with a repayment on demand clause are included in
            “On demand or within 1 year” time band in the above maturity analysis.

            As at 31 December 2020, the aggregate undiscounted principal and interest of these
            bank borrowings payable within one year in accordance with the scheduled payment
            terms were HK$223,380,000 (2019: HK$300,562,000).

            As at 31 December 2020, taking into account of the Group’s financial position, the
            directors of the Company do not believe that it is probable that the banks will exercise
            their discretionary rights to demand immediate repayment. Included in the above
            balances, the directors of the Company believe that such bank borrowings and
            overdrafts will be repaid in accordance with the scheduled repayment dates as set out
            in the loan agreements.

            Fair values of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair
            value on a recurring basis
            Certain financial assets and liabilities of the Group are measured at fair values at the
            end of each reporting period. The following table gives information about how the fair
            values of these financial assets and liabilities are determined.

                                                    Fair value                 Fair value   Valuation technique and
            Financial asset                     as at 31 December              hierarchy    key input
                                                  2020               2019
                                               HK$’000            HK$’000

            Club and school debentures           10,108             10,720      Level 2     Estimated transaction prices

            Equity investments,                    5,189             3,410      Level 1     Quoted bid prices in an active
               listed in Hong Kong                                                           market


            The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets
            and liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements
            approximate their fair values.

            During the year ended 31 December 2020, there were no transfers of fair value
            measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into or out of Level 3 for
            both financial assets and liabilities (2019: Nil).




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED          206      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




50.   OFFSETTING FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
      The disclosures set out in the table below include financial assets and liabilities that are
      subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement that covers similar
      financial instruments that are either:


      •     offset in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position; or


      •     not offset in the consolidated statement of financial position as the offsetting criteria
            are not met.


      Under the agreement of continuous net settlement made between the Group and Hong Kong
      Securities Clearing Company Limited (“HKSCC”), the Group has a legally enforceable right
      to set off the money obligations receivable and payable with HKSCC on the same settlement
      date and are settled simultaneously. In addition, the Group has a legally enforceable right to
      set off all clients accounts receivable and payable at any time without prior notice to clients
      and the Group intends to settle these balances on a net basis.


      Except for above, amounts due from/to HKSCC that are not to be settled on the same date,
      accounts receivable and payable from clients not intends to settle on a net basis, financial
      collateral including cash and securities received by the Group, deposit placed with HKSCC
      do not meet the criteria for offsetting in the consolidated statement of financial position since
      the right of set off of the recognised amounts is only enforceable following an event of
      default.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      207      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             For the year ended 31 December 2020




50.   OFFSETTING FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Continued)
                                                           Gross
                                                     amounts of      Net amounts
                                                      recognised      of financial
                                                        financial          assets/
                                                      liabilities/     liabilities
                                          Gross            assets      presented
                                                                                     Related amounts not set off
                                    amounts of      set off in the         in the
                                                                                     in the consolidated statement
                                     recognised     consolidated     consolidated
                                                                                         of financial position
                                       financial    statement of     statement of
                                         assets/        financial       financial        Financial      Collateral         Net
                                      liabilities        position        position     instruments         received*    amount
                                       HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000


      As at 31 December 2020


      Assets
      Receivables arising from
          securities broking            195,547           (32,174)        163,373           (18,643)      (140,470)       4,260


      Liabilities
      Payables arising from
          securities broking            171,816           (32,174)        139,642            (6,717)               –    132,925


      As at 31 December 2019


      Assets
      Receivables arising from
          securities broking              89,614             (133)         89,481           (10,045)       (79,228)        208


      Liabilities
      Payables arising from
          securities broking              16,986             (133)         16,853            (5,638)               –     11,215


      *         The item “collateral received” represents the securities pledged in the clients’ account which are
                not recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position. The amounts are capped at the
                lower of the market value of securities and the net receivable amounts on a client by client basis.




                     REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED          208      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020




51.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                     2020          2019
                                                                                  HK$’000       HK$’000

      NON-CURRENT ASSETS
      Property, plant and equipment                                                 10,128        20,072
      Investments in subsidiaries                                                5,000,792     5,000,792
      Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                    4,914         4,903

                                                                                 5,015,834     5,025,767

      CURRENT ASSETS
      Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                      606           606
      Amounts due from subsidiaries                                              4,706,343     5,234,144
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                    566,299        23,396

                                                                                 5,273,248     5,258,146

      CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Other payables and accruals                                                    4,487         5,738
      Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                7,861,701     7,459,880
      Lease liabilities                                                             10,225         9,985

                                                                                 7,876,413     7,475,603

      NET CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                    (2,603,165)   (2,217,457)

      TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                      2,412,669     2,808,310


      EQUITY
      Share capital                                                                143,821       143,821
      Reserves (note)                                                            1,524,656     1,966,576

                                                                                 1,668,477     2,110,397

      NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Loans from ultimate holding company                                          744,192       687,688
      Lease liabilities                                                                  –        10,225

                                                                                   744,192       697,913

                                                                                 2,412,669     2,808,310




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      209      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2020




51.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
      Note:

      The movement of the Company’s reserves are as follows:

                                                                        Shares             Share
                                                            Share         to be         options     Capital Accumulated
                                                         premium        issued           reserve    reserve      losses       Total
                                                          HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000    HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000

      As at 1 January 2019                               1,907,379       11,498           15,054    586,594      (69,257)   2,451,268
      Loss and total comprehensive expense
         for the year                                           –             –               –          –      (484,442)   (484,442)
      Issue of shares                                      11,248       (11,498)              –          –             –        (250)


      As at 31 December 2019 and 1 January 2020          1,918,627            –           15,054    586,594     (553,699)   1,966,576
      Loss and total comprehensive
        expense for the year                                    –             –               –          –      (441,920)   (441,920)

      As at 31 December 2020                             1,918,627            –           15,054    586,594     (995,619)   1,524,656




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                210      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2020




52.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES
      Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:

                                 Place of
                                 incorporation/
                                 establishment                   Issued    Effective equity interest
                                 registration           ordinary share/         attributable to         Place of
      Name of subsidiary         and business         registered capital        the Group (%)           operation   Principal activity
                                                                                 2020            2019

      Realord Asset              Hong Kong                   HK$10,000            100             100 Hong Kong     Investment holding
        Management Limited                              ordinary shares

      Citibest Global Limited    BVI                         US$50,000            100             100 Hong Kong     Investment holding
                                                        ordinary shares

      Realord Ventures Limited   BVI                          US$1,000            100             100 Hong Kong     Investment holding
                                                        ordinary shares

      Manureen Ventures          BVI                          US$1,000            100             100 Hong Kong     Investment holding
       Limited                                          ordinary shares

      Realord Investment Limited BVI                          US$1,000            100             100 Hong Kong     Investment holding
                                                        ordinary shares

      Bright Success Inc.        BVI               US$1 ordinary share            100             100 Hong Kong     Investment holding
        (note 42a)

      Capital Conference Services Hong Kong                  HK$10,000            100             100 Hong Kong     Provision of conference
        Limited                                         ordinary shares                                               services

      Capital Financial Press    Hong Kong                 HK$800,000             100             100 Hong Kong     Commercial printing
        Limited                                         ordinary shares

      Concept Star Corporation   Hong Kong              HK$2 ordinary             100             100 Hong Kong     Property investment
        Limited                                                shares

      Easy Bloom Investment      Hong Kong              HK$1 ordinary             100             100 Hong Kong     Property investment
        Limited                                                 share                                                 and investment
                                                                                                                      holding

      Qualiti Printing and       Hong Kong                HK$3,750,000            100             100 Hong Kong     Trading of hangtags,
        Sourcing Limited                                ordinary shares                                               labels and shirt paper
                                                                                                                      boards

      Realord Asia Pacific       Hong Kong              HK$153,000,000           89.3            90.1 Hong Kong     Provision of securities
        Securities Limited                              ordinary shares                                               broking services and
                                                                                                                      margin financing




                     REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                211     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020




52.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                   Place of
                                   incorporation/
                                   establishment                   Issued    Effective equity interest
                                   registration           ordinary share/         attributable to         Place of
      Name of subsidiary           and business         registered capital        the Group (%)           operation   Principal activity
                                                                                   2020            2019

      Realord Vehicle Parts        Hong Kong                   HK$10,000            100             100 Hong Kong     Distribution and sale of
        Limited                                           ordinary shares                                               motor vehicle parts

      Excellent Well (H.K.)        Hong Kong              HK$1 ordinary             100             100 Hong Kong     Property investment
        Limited                                                   share

      Realord Environmental        Hong Kong               HK$21,046,110           61.3            60.3 Hong Kong     Investment holding and
        Protection                                        ordinary shares                                               trading of scrap
                                                                                                                        materials

      Realord Asia Pacific Asset   Hong Kong               HK$45,000,000            100             100 Hong Kong     Provision of securities
        Management Limited                                ordinary shares                                               advisory and asset
        (Formerly known as                                                                                              management services
        Strabens Hall
        (Hong Kong) Limited)

      Absolute Holdings Limited Hong Kong            HK$1 ordinary share            100             100 Hong Kong     Property investment

      Optima Capital (note 41)     Hong Kong               HK$10,000,000             60              60 Hong Kong     Provision of securities
                                                          ordinary shares                                               broking, securities
                                                                                                                        advisory and
                                                                                                                        financial advisory
                                                                                                                        services

      Realord Finance Limited      Hong Kong                   HK$10,000            100             100 Hong Kong     Money lending
                                                          ordinary shares

      偉祿商業（深圳）有限公司                 The PRC              Paid-up capital of          100             100 The PRC       Trading of electronic
                                                           HK$36,000,000                                                products and
                                                                                                                        computer
                                                                                                                        components/property
                                                                                                                        investment

      深圳市偉祿商業控股                    The PRC              Paid-up capital of          100             100 The PRC       Property investment
       有限公司                                                RMB32,000,000

      前海美林融資租賃                     The PRC              Paid-up capital of          100             100 The PRC       Provision of financial
       （深圳）有限公司                                             US$6,506,880                                                leasing services




                     REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                  212     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2020




52.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                 Place of
                                 incorporation/
                                 establishment                   Issued    Effective equity interest
                                 registration           ordinary share/         attributable to         Place of
      Name of subsidiary         and business         registered capital        the Group (%)           operation   Principal activity
                                                                                 2020            2019

      前海偉祿跨境電子商務                 The PRC              Paid-up capital of          100             100 The PRC       Development and sale
       （深圳）有限公司                                         HK$115,000,000                                               of e-commerce
                                                                                                                     platform/ trading of
                                                                                                                     products

      冠彰電器（深圳）有限公司               The PRC              Paid-up capital of          100             100 The PRC       Property investment
                                                         HK$30,000,000

      廣西梧州市通寶再生物資                The PRC              Paid-up capital of         61.3            60.3 The PRC       Dismantling and
       有限公司                                               HK$3,570,000                                                trading of scrap
                                                                                                                      materials

      廣東偉祿汽車零件                   The PRC              Paid-up capital of          100             100 The PRC       Distribution and sale of
       有限公司                                              RMB40,000,000                                                motor vehicle parts

      深圳市偉祿科技控股                  The PRC              Paid-up capital of          100             100 The PRC       Property investment
       有限公司                                              RMB50,000,000

      深圳市夏浦光電技術                  The PRC              Paid-up capital of          100             100 The PRC       Property investment
       有限公司                                              RMB50,000,000

      Shenzhen Yousheng          The PRC              Paid-up capital of           51              51 The PRC       Property development
        (note 42b)                                       RMB20,000,000

      Realord Environmental       Japan                   JPY90,000,000          55.1            54.3 Japan         Processing and trading
        Protection Japan Co, Ltd.                       ordinary shares                                               of scrap materials

      The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors
      of the Company, principally affected the results for the year or formed a substantial portion
      of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of
      the directors of the Company, result in particulars of excessive length.




                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                 213     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




52.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      The Group includes three (2019: three) subsidiaries/group of subsidiaries with material
      non-controlling interests (“NCI”), the details and the summarised financial information,
      before intragroup eliminations, are as follows:


      Realord Environmental Protection and its subsidiaries
                                                                                      2020        2019
                                                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000

      Proportion of ownership interests and voting
        rights held by NCI                                                           38.7%       39.7%


      Current assets                                                                567,476     591,192
      Non-current assets                                                             53,458      28,978
      Current liabilities                                                           394,673     443,415
      Non-current liabilities                                                         4,381       3,831


      Net assets                                                                    221,880     172,924


      Carrying amount to NCI                                                         87,211      69,323


      Revenue                                                                       544,070     525,003
      Expenses                                                                     (529,073)   (494,684)


      Profit for the year                                                            14,997      30,319
      Other comprehensive income for the year                                           650       1,536


      Total comprehensive income for the year                                        15,647      31,855


      Profit attributable to NCI                                                      6,178      12,011


      Total comprehensive income attributable to NCI                                  6,382      12,694


      Dividend paid to NCI                                                                –           –


      Net cash flows (used in)/from operating activities                            (23,095)     32,628
      Net cash flows from/(used in) investing activities                             33,631      (9,274)
      Net cash flows (used in)/from financing activities                             (9,932)      4,603


      Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                        604       27,957




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      214      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




52.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      Optima Capital
                                                                                      2020           2019
                                                                                   HK$’000        HK$’000

      Proportion of ownership interests and voting
        rights held by NCI                                                            40%             40%


      Current assets                                                                 27,904         25,196
      Non-current assets                                                             39,653         46,799
      Current liabilities                                                             6,963          8,694
      Non-current liabilities                                                         6,165         12,634


      Net assets                                                                     54,429         50,667


      Carrying amount to NCI                                                         21,772         20,267


                                                                                                  From 30
                                                                                                April 2019
                                                                                                   (date of
                                                                                               acquisition)
                                                                                                      to 31
                                                                                                 December
                                                                                      2020            2019
                                                                                   HK$’000        HK$’000

      Revenue                                                                        39,696         25,241
      Expenses                                                                      (35,934)       (24,502)


      Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                              3,762            739


      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to NCI                       1,505            296


      Dividend paid to NCI                                                                –              –


      Net cash flows from/(used in) operating activities                              3,567           (109)
      Net cash flows used in investing activities                                      (400)           (22)
      Net cash flows from financing activities                                            –             87


      Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                            3,167            (44)




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      215      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




52.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      Shenzhen Yousheng
                                                                                      2020         2019
                                                                                   HK$’000      HK$’000

      Proportion of ownership interests and voting
        rights held by NCI                                                             49%          49%


      Current assets                                                               1,627,683    1,623,680
      Non-current assets                                                                 209          122
      Current liabilities                                                             43,043       33,837


      Net assets                                                                   1,584,849    1,589,965


      Carrying amount to NCI                                                        769,782      772,289


                                                                                           From 22 May
                                                                                           2019 (date of
                                                                                            acquisition)
                                                                                                   to 31
                                                                                              December
                                                                                      2020         2019
                                                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000

      Revenue                                                                              –            –
      Expenses                                                                        (5,307)      (3,888)


      Loss for the year                                                               (5,307)      (3,888)
      Other comprehensive expense for the year                                           191         (496)


      Total comprehensive expense for the year                                        (5,116)      (4,384)


      Loss attributable to NCI                                                        (2,600)      (1,905)


      Total comprehensive expense attributable to NCI                                 (2,507)      (2,148)


      Dividend paid to NCI                                                                 –            –


      Net cash flows (used in)/from operating activities                             (10,477)      5,379


      Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                           (10,477)      5,379




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      216      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




53.   EVENT AFTER REPORTING PERIOD
      On 15 May 2020, Realord Asia Pacific Securities Limited, a subsidiary of the Company,
      intended to make, on behalf of the Company, a voluntary conditional cash offer (the “Offer”)
      to acquire all the issued shares of The Sincere Company, Limited, a listed company in Hong
      Kong (stock code: 0244). At the date of these consolidated financial statements, the making of
      the Offer is still subject to the satisfaction or waiver (as the case may be) of certain
      pre-conditions.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      217      ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                    FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION
A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial
years as extracted from the audited financial statements are summarized below.

                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                            2020         2019          2018         2017           2016
Results                                  HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000

Revenue                                   869,341      828,898         811,039      762,959      209,784

Profit/(Loss) before income tax         1,449,970      (430,745)       555,949      166,281      208,175

Income tax (expenses)/credit             (557,652)         26,056      (172,238)     (55,060)   (128,078)

Profit/(loss) for the year                892,318      (404,689)       383,711      111,221       80,097


Profit/(loss) attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                   885,185      (415,529)       363,282       93,254       80,097
  Non-Controlling interests                 7,133        10,840         20,429       17,967            –

                                          892,318      (404,689)       383,711      111,221       80,097

                                                             As at 31 December
                                            2020         2019           2018          2017         2016
Assets and Liabilities                   HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000

Non-current assets                     12,445,778     9,504,662       9,409,334    1,513,429    1,248,567
Current assets                          4,273,668     3,078,285       2,012,335      662,063      359,279

Total assets                           16,719,446    12,582,947      11,421,669    2,175,492    1,607,846

Current liabilities                     1,213,628       819,864         933,835     461,501      299,181
Non-current liabilities                11,094,244     8,543,793       7,555,408     609,993      410,568

Total liabilities                      12,307,872     9,363,657       8,489,243    1,071,494     709,749

Net assets                              4,411,574     3,219,290       2,932,426    1,103,998     898,097


Equity attributable to owners of
  the Company                           3,505,463     2,345,095       2,878,448    1,070,392     898,097
Non-controlling interests                 906,111       874,195          53,978       33,606           –

                                        4,411,574     3,219,290       2,932,426    1,103,998     898,097




                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   218     ANNUAL REPORT 2020
MAJOR PROPERTIES HELD AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2020


Particulars of the major properties held by the Group at the end of the reporting period are as
follows:


                                                                                       Attributable
                                                                                      interest of the
Location                                             Purpose                Tenure            Group


Hong Kong


House No.25, Villa Bel-Air,                        Residential             Medium              100%
  Bel-Air on the Peak,                                                   term lease
  Island South,
  No.25 Bel-Air Peak Rise,
  Hong Kong


House No.8, Villa Bel-Air,                         Residential             Medium              100%
  Bel-Air on the Peak,                                                   term lease
  Island South,
  No. 8 Bel-Air Peak Rise,
  Hong Kong


Mainland China


The industrial complex at                           Industrial             Medium              100%
  No. 5 Fuye Road,                                                       term lease
  Zhangkengjing Community,
  Guanhu Jie Dao,
  Longhua District,
  Shenzhen,
  the PRC


The Properties located in                              Under               Medium              100%
  Qiankeng Industrial Zone,                  redevelopment               term lease
  Qiankeng Community,
  Fucheng Jie Dao,
  Longhua District,
  Shenzhen,
  the PRC




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    219    ANNUAL REPORT 2020
MAJOR PROPERTIES HELD AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2020



                                                                                     Attributable
                                                                                    interest of the
Location                                           Purpose               Tenure             Group


A block of commercial/                              Mix of                   Long            100%
 apartment building,                      residential and             term lease
 all retail shops and car                       commercial
 parking spaces of
 Realord Villas,
 Lanqing Er Lu,
 Luhu Community,
 Huanguan South Road,
 Guanhu Jie Dao,
 Longhua District,
 Shenzhen,
 the PRC


Realord Technology Park,                        Commercial              Medium               100%
 Dongzhou Community,                                                  term lease
 Guangming Jie Dao,
 Guangming District,
 Shenzhen,
 the PRC




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED     220   ANNUAL REPORT 2020
