（於百慕達註冊成立之有限公司）                                      (Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)
 股份代號 : 1196                                         Stock Code: 1196




         年 度 報 告   2021                                                     Annual Report               2021




                          ANNUAL REPORT 2021 年 度報告
CONTENTS
Corporate Information                                                       2
Chairman’s Statement                                                        3
Overview of Shenzhen Property Projects                                      5
Management Discussion and Analysis                                          7
Biographical Details of the Directors of the Company
  and Senior Management of the Group                                       26
Report of the Directors                                                    29
Corporate Governance Report                                                44
Environmental, Social and Governance Report                                52
Independent Auditor’s Report                                               87
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss                                   94
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income    95
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                               96
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                98
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                      100
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                            102
Five Year Financial Highlights                                            246
Major Properties Held as at 31 December 2021                              247
                         CORPORATE INFORMATION


BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                       PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Executive Directors                                      Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
Lin Xiaohui (Chairman)                                   Chong Hing Bank Limited
Su Jiaohua (Chief Executive Officer)                     Chiyu Banking Corporation Ltd.
Lin Xiaodong                                             DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
                                                         Guangdong Huaxing Bank
Independent Non-executive Directors                      Guangzhou Rural Commercial Bank
                                                         Hang Seng Bank Limited
Yu Leung Fai
                                                         The Hong Kong & Shanghai Banking
Fang Jixin
                                                           Corporation Limited
Ho Chun Chung Patrick
  (appointed on 8 March 2022)
Li Jue (resigned on 15 September 2021)                   PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
                                                         TRANSFER OFFICE
AUDIT COMMITTEE                                          MUFG Fund Services (Bermuda) Limited
                                                         4th Floor North
Yu Leung Fai (Chairman)
                                                         Cedar House
Fang Jixin
                                                         41 Cedar Avenue
Ho Chun Chung Patrick
                                                         Hamilton HM12
  (appointed on 8 March 2022)
                                                         Bermuda
Li Jue (resigned on 15 September 2021)

                                                         HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
                                                         REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
Fang Jixin (Chairman)
                                                         Tricor Tengis Limited
  (appointed on 15 September 2021)
                                                         Level 54, Hopewell Centre
Lin Xiaohui
                                                         183 Queen’s Road East
Yu Leung Fai
                                                         Hong Kong
Li Jue (Chairman) (resigned on 15 September 2021)

                                                         HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                                         OF BUSINESS
Lin Xiaohui (Chairman)
                                                         Suites 2403-2410
Yu Leung Fai
                                                         24/F, Jardine House
Fang Jixin
                                                         1 Connaught Place
                                                         Central, Hong Kong
COMPANY SECRETARY
Tsang Chin Pang
                                                         REGISTERED OFFICE
  (appointed on 10 August 2021)
                                                         Clarendon House
Chan Chu Kin (resigned on 10 August 2021)
                                                         2 Church Street
                                                         Hamilton HM 11
LEGAL ADVISER
                                                         Bermuda
Michael Li & Co.
Debevoise & Plimpton
                                                         STOCK CODE
Holman Fenwick Willan
                                                         1196
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
                                                         COMPANY WEBSITE
Grant Thornton Hong Kong Limited
                                                         http://www.realord.com.hk
11th Floor, Lee Garden Two,
28 Yun Ping Road,
Causeway Bay, Hong Kong


                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      02      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                         CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Dear Shareholders,


I am pleasured to present the annual report of Realord Group Holdings Limited (the “Company”,
and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2021 (“FY2021”).


RESULTS
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group recorded a total revenue of approximately
HK$1,195.1 million, representing an increase of approximately 37.5% as compare to that of the year
ended 31 December 2020 (“FY2020”) of approximately HK$869.3 million. Gross profit increased by
around 35.7% year-on-year to approximately HK$272.8 million (FY2020: approximately HK$201.1
million). The Group recorded a net profit of approximately HK$115.9 million in FY2021, which
represented a decrease of approximately 87.0% as compared to a net profit of approximately
HK$892.3 million in FY2020. Based on the weighted average of 1,438,485,222 shares in issue during
the year, basic earnings per share was HK8.49 cents (FY2020: basic earnings per share of HK61.55
cents).


In May 2021, the Group completed the acquisition of The Sincere Company, Limited (“Sincere”)
(stock code: 244). The results of Sincere were consolidated into the financial statements of the
Group and reported as department store segment since then. An operating loss of approximately
HK$19.2 million from the department store segment was recorded by the Group for FY2021.


The net profit attributable to the Shareholders for FY2021 included a fair value gain (net of deferred
tax expenses) of approximately HK$955.5 million as resulted from fair value change of the Group’s
investment properties whereas the corresponding gain in FY2020 was approximately HK$1,905.3
million. It is further noted that the FY2021 results included a net exchange loss of the Group as
resulted from the translation of the Group’s assets and liabilities denominated in Renminbi into
Hong Kong dollars of approximately HK$139.0 million (FY2020: approximately HK$318.6 million).


DIVIDENDS
The Directors do not recommend the payment of interim and final dividend (FY2020: Nil) for the
year ended 31 December 2021. Total dividend for the year is nil (FY2020: Nil).




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   03     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                           CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


CORPORATE STRATEGY AND BUSINESS PLAN FOR THE CARIBBEAN AND LATIN
AMERICAN MARKETS
Regarding the corporate strategy and business plan for the Caribbean and Latin American markets,
the Group is keen to leverage its experience in the development of a project consisting educational
facilities, apartments for student, hotel and resort facilities, commercial development and shopping
facilities and in a longer plan university establishment(s) and related amenities in Grenada (the
“Grenada Project”) to explore further investment opportunities around the Caribbean economic
zone and Latin American region. The Group has further targeted to invest in four other Caribbean
countries, namely Antigua and Barbuda, Saint Lucia, Saint Kitts and Nevis, and Dominica. These
four countries, together with Grenada (altogether, the “Designated Caribbean Countries”). The
Group has identified four investment propositions to collaborate with the respective local
governments to accelerate economic development of each country. These four areas include (i) the
clean energy sector; (ii) the education sector; (iii) the tourism sector; and (iv) the retail sector.


It is the Group’s strategy to seek for professional investors to jointly invest in the projects in the
Designated Caribbean Countries and the Republic of Panama. Further, the Group is identifying
capable and competent business partners with significant track record to participate in the projects.
Subject to the planning and the feasibility studies of the projects as well as the requisite approval
by the respective local government, it is expected that the Group would kick off the projects in the
Designated Caribbean Countries and the Republic of Panama in 2022 and 2023.


The Group will continue to develop the business plans and identify new potential investment
opportunities in other sectors, including but not limited to the banking and insurance sector, the
desalination of sea water and sewage treatment sector, the general aviation and marine passenger
transport sector, the infrastructure engineering sector, the international commodity trading sector,
the mineral resources exploration sector and the offshore oil and gas exploitation sector in the
Caribbean and Latin American region for the purpose of maximising the benefits and return to the
shareholders.


APPRECIATION
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to all our staff for
their dedication and contributions, and to our customers, suppliers and business associates, and
most importantly our shareholders for their unwavering support to the Group amid the
challenging operational environment.




By Order of the Board
Lin Xiaohui
Chairman


Hong Kong, 31 March 2022


                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED     04     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
    OVERVIEW OF SHENZHEN PROPERTY PROJECTS



NANSHAN DISTRICT
1. Laiying Garden (萊英花園) Urban Renewal Project (known as “Laiying Garden”)
Laiying Garden is the Group’s first high-rise residential and
commercial property development project in Nanshan
District, Shenzhen, which will be developed into a residential
and commercial complex comprising residential units,
apartments, retail shops and entertainment and leisure
facilities. It is located in Nanshan Science and Technology
Park and financial district, and is only approximately 700
meters away from the Hi-Tech Park Station (高新園站) of
Shenzhen Metro Line 1.


LONGHUA DISTRICT
2. Guanzhang Electronic Factory (冠彰電器廠) Urban Renewal Project (known as “Qiankeng Property”)
                                            Guanzhang Electronic Factory Urban Renewal Project, which
                                            is situated at Fucheng Jie Dao, Longhua District, Shenzhen,
                                            is a residential project being implemented and developed by
                                            the Group in Longhua District. The project is an affordable
                                            commodity housing project (residential/commercial) with
                                            gross floor area of approximately 112,000 square meters of
                                            which land use was changed from industrial use to
                                            residential use. It is proximate to the Zhucun Station (竹村站)
                                            of the northern extension of Shenzhen Metro Line 4 which is
                                            under construction, therefore it is expected to be benefited
                                            from the urban renewal in Longhua District.

3. Realord Villas (偉祿雅苑) – Sincere Mall (先施購物中心) (previously named as “Realord Mall (偉
祿購物中心)”)
Realord Villas is the Group’s first residential and commercial
complex project in Longhua District, Shenzhen. It is located on
Huanguan South Road, Guanhu Jie Dao, Longhua District,
Shenzhen, and is conveniently situated less than 100 meters
away from the High-tech Zone East Station (高新區東站) of
Shenzhen Tram which is connected to Shenzhen Metro Line 4.
The project, with a total gross floor area of approximately
230,000 square meters, comprises 2,016 residential units, a
business apartment building, a shopping mall, retail shops and
car parking spaces, of which, the residential units are the
corporation talent housing allocated and sold by the
government, while the business apartment building, shopping mall, retail shops and car parking spaces with
a gross floor area of approximately 51,000 square meters are held by the Group. Sincere Mall, the shopping
mall inside Realord Villas, is the Group’s first community mall project which is built as a business and
shopping center that integrates local amenities, entertainment and leisure, parent-child education and
specialty food and beverage experience, in order to create a warm and convenient space for a better
community life.

                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    05     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
    OVERVIEW OF SHENZHEN PROPERTY PROJECTS


4. Qianhai Weilu Cross-Border Logistic Park (前海偉祿跨境物流園) Urban Renewal Project
   (known as “Zhangkengjing Property”)
                                            Zhangkengjing Project is an industrial property held by the
                                            Group located at Zhangkengjing, Longhua District,
                                            Shenzhen. In February 2017, the Group made an application
                                            to Longhua District Urban Renewal Bureau (龍華區城市更新
                                            局) to change the land use of the project from industrial use
                                            to residential apartments and commercial use. According to
                                            the notice issued by the government authority, the
                                            application is being processed and reviewed by the relevant
                                            authorities and is still under review as at the reporting date.
                                            The property is currently used for leasing purpose.


GUANGMING DISTRICT
5. Realord Technology Park (偉祿科技園)
Realord Technology Park Project is located at Guangming Jie
Dao, Guangming District, Shenzhen, occupying a site area of
approximately 20,000 square meters. Phase I and Phase II of
the project consists of office and apartment buildings with a
gross floor area of approximately 81,000 square meters. It is
proximate to the Fenghuang Town Station (鳳凰城站) of
Shenzhen Metro Line 6. In light of the trend of developing
high-end industries and the fact that Guangming District is
being developed as a regional innovation hub in Shenzhen,
and in order to seize the opportunities brought about by the
development of high-tech industry, the Group intends to position the park as an integrated venture
capital platform incubating innovative enterprises.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       06   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The principal activities of the Group during the year included property investment, development
and commercial operation (the “Property Segment”); financial services, included corporate finance
advisory, asset management, securities brokerage services, margin financing and money lending
(the “Financial Services Segment”); environmental protection industry, mainly dismantling,
processing, trading and sales of scrap materials (the “EP Segment”); distribution and sales of motor
vehicle parts (the “MVP Segment”); financial printing, digital printing and other related services
(the “Commercial Printing Segment”); sales of hangtags, labels, shirt paper boards and plastic bags
(the “Hangtag Segment”); and the operation of department stores, securities trading and the
provision of general and life insurances (the “Department Store Segment”).


OVERALL FINANCIAL REVIEW
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group recorded a total revenue of approximately
HK$1,195.1 million, representing an increase of approximately 37.5% as compare to that of the year
ended 31 December 2020 of approximately HK$869.3 million. The Group recorded a net profit of
approximately HK$115.9 million in FY2021, which represented a decrease of approximately 87.0%
as compared to a net profit of approximately HK$892.3 million in FY2020.


Revenue
The Group’s revenue in FY2021 was mainly contributed by the EP Segment, the MVP Segment, the
Financial Services Segment and the Department Store Segment which represented approximately
56.3%, 18.1%, 11.9% and 8.0% of the total revenue of the Group, respectively. The remaining
revenue of the Group was contributed by the Commercial Printing Segment of approximately 4.9%
and the Property Segment of approximately 0.8% respectively. The revenue of the Hangtag
Segment was minimal to the Group. The increase in Group’s revenue in FY2021 as compared to
that of FY2020 approximately amounted to HK$325.8 million. The EP Segment, the MVP Segment,
the Financial Services Segment and the Department Store Segment contributed the increase of
revenue approximately amounted to HK$128.8 million, HK$56.9 million, HK$60.5 million and
HK$95.0 million respectively. Reasons for the changes in the relevant segment revenues are set out
in the sections below.


Other income
Other income increased by HK$10.0 million in FY2021 as compared to that of FY2020. The increase
of other income was arising from imputed interest income on gift receivable from Win Dynamic
Limited (“Win Dynamic”) of HK$9.3 million and claim for legal case in respect of Qiankeng
Property of HK$13.9 million, which was partially offset by the decrease of bank interest income of
HK$10.6 million.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   07    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Other gains and losses
Other gains and losses mainly represented net foreign exchange loss and revaluation surplus or
deficit on property, plant and equipment. Other gains and losses decreased by HK$226.0 million as
compared to that of FY2020. Decrease was arising from decrease in net foreign exchange loss by
HK$179.6 million and the turnaround from revaluation deficit on property, plant and equipment of
HK$23.4 million in FY2020 to revaluation surplus on property, plant and equipment of HK$23.4
million in FY2021. For decrease in net foreign exchange loss, it was resulted from the translation of
the Group’s assets and liabilities denominated in Renminbi into Hong Kong dollars. For
turnaround of revaluation on property, plant and equipment, it was resulted from the recovery in
the residential property market in Hong Kong.


The Group invested in listed securities in Hong Kong and other club and school debentures in
Hong Kong for investment purpose. As at 31 December 2021, the financial assets at fair value
through profit or loss amounted to approximately HK$81.2 million (31 December 2020: HK$15.3
million). In FY2021, the total net unrealised fair value loss and total net realised gain on the
disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit and loss amounted to approximately HK$3.0
million (FY2020: HK$4.4 million) and HK$0.6 million (FY2020: HK$2.8 million), respectively.


Impairment losses, net
In FY2021, the impairment losses, net represented the increase in expect credit losses of trade
receivables and other receivables approximately HK$9.1 million and HK$0.4 million, which was
offset by the decrease in expect credit losses of loan receivables and receivables arising from
securities broking approximately HK$4.1 million and HK$1.8 million respectively. The impairment
losses, net decreased by HK$23.6 million was mainly arising from loan receivables from money
lending business since there was initial recognition of HK$20.6 million in FY2020 and a reversal of
HK$4.1 million in FY2021 due to the improvement of credit risk factors.


Gain on fair value changes of investment properties, net
Gain on fair value changes of investment properties, net decreased by HK$1,198.2 million in
FY2021 as compared to that of FY2020. In FY2021, the gain on fair value changes of investment
properties was mainly resulted from Realord Technology Park since the Group obtained the permit
from relevant government authorities in respect of the increase in construction scale of Phase II in
August 2021. In FY2020, the gain on fair value changes of investment properties was mainly
resulted from Qiankeng Property of which the approval in principle in respect of the proposed
urban redevelopment plan thereon involving a change in land use from industrial to residential use
was granted by the relevant government authority in August 2020.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   08    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Selling and distribution expenses
Selling and distribution expenses increased by HK$57.3 million which was mainly arising from the
consolidation of business development expenses, staff costs and depreciation of right-of-use assets
for the retail shops upon the completion of acquisition of Sincere during the FY2021.


Administrative expenses
Administrative expenses mainly represented staff costs, depreciation of right-of-use assets and
legal and professional fee. Administrative expenses increased by HK$31.9 million which was
mainly arising from the consolidation of administrative expenses approximately HK$28.0 million
upon the completion of acquisition of the Sincere during the FY2021.


Finance costs
Finance costs mainly represented interest on bank borrowings and overdrafts and interest on loan
from ultimate holding company. The increase of interest on bank borrowings and overdrafts
approximately HK$75.4 million was arising from the increase in bank borrowings from HK$10.1
billion in FY2020 to HK$10.5 billion in FY2021.


Net profit
The Group’s net profit was approximately HK$115.9 million in FY2021, representing a decrease of
approximately HK$776.4 million, as compared to the Group’s net profit of approximately HK$892.3
million in FY2020. The decrease of net profit included a fair value gain (net of deferred tax
expenses) of approximately HK$955.5 million resulted from fair value change of the Group’s
investment properties in FY2021 whereas the corresponding gain in FY2020 was approximately
HK$1,905.3 million. The decrease of net profit was offset by a reduction of net exchange loss of the
Group as resulted from the translation of the Group’s assets and liabilities denominated in
Renminbi into Hong Kong dollars of approximately HK$139.0 million for FY2021 (FY2020:
HK$318.6 million). Upon the completion of acquisition of Sincere in May 2021, the operating loss of
approximately HK$19.2 million was recorded by the Group for FY2021.


FINANCIAL REVIEW OF EACH SEGMENT
Property Segment
The revenue of the Property Segment was mainly derived from the rental income of the Group’s
investment properties. The Group generated rental income of approximately HK$9.9 million in
FY2021 (FY2020: HK$10.9 million). Since January 2021, there was no rental income from Qiankeng
Property (FY2020: approximately HK$2.5 million) as the Group has commenced the demolition of
Qiankeng Property in May 2021. The aforesaid effect was partially offsetted by the increase of
rental income from Sincere Mall due to the increase in number of tenants of shopping mall.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    09   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The Property Segment generated a segment profit of approximately HK$792.3 million in FY2021,
representing a decrease of approximately HK$1,258.5 million or 61.4% as compared to that in
FY2020. The decrease was mainly attributable to a decrease in net gain on fair value changes of
investment properties from approximately HK$2,463.4 million in FY2020 to approximately
HK$1,265.3 million in FY2021. Reasons for the changes are set out in “Gain on fair value changes of
investment properties, net” above.


The Financial Services Segment
The Financial Services Segment generated a revenue of approximately HK$142.6 million in FY2021,
which increased by approximately HK$60.5 million or 73.7% as compared to that of approximately
HK$82.1 million in FY2020. The segment recorded a segment profit of approximately HK$45.9
million in FY2021 as compared to approximately HK$6.1 million in FY2020. The growth of both
revenue and segment profit of the Financial Services Segment was mainly attributable to increase
in services provided to its customers, including placing services and underwriting services for
certain initial public offering (“IPO”) projects as well as the increase in margin interest income,
margin financing services and interest from the money lending. Furthermore, the segment profit
was improved by the reversal of impairment losses of approximately HK$4.1 million on loan
receivables in FY2021 (FY2020: initial recognition of impairment loss of approximately HK$20.6
million).


The EP Segment
With the increased scale and established suppliers’ network of Realord Environmental Protection
Japan Co., Ltd. (“Realord EP Japan”) during FY2021, the EP Segment generated revenue of
approximately HK$672.8 million, representing an increase of approximately 23.7% as compared to
approximately HK$544.1 million in FY2020. However, the segment profit for the EP Segment in
FY2021 decreased by approximately 27.7% to approximately HK$9.4 million from that of
approximately HK$13.0 million in FY2020. The decrease in segment profit was mainly attributable
to the lower of gross profit margin and increased credit risk of long outstanding trade receivables.


The MVP Segment
The revenue of the MVP Segment increased by approximately 35.7% in FY2021 to approximately
HK$216.2 million (FY2020: HK$159.3 million). During the difficult time of COVID-19 pandemic, the
Group not only maintained a stable source of supply of motor vehicle parts, but also increased its
sales to major customers. The segment profit increased from approximately HK$6.4 million in
FY2020 to approximately HK$8.7 million in FY2021.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   10    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The Commercial Printing Segment
The uncertain business environment caused by the outbreak of COVID-19 epidemic in FY2021 has
adversely affected the capital market sentiment, and hence reduced the demand for our services.
As such, the revenue from the Commercial Printing Segment decreased by approximately 19.8% to
approximately HK$58.3 million in FY2021 (FY2020: HK$72.7 million). The Commercial Printing
Segment recorded a segment loss of approximately HK$4.1 million (FY2020: segment profit of
approximately HK$0.4 million) which the result of FY2020 of the Commercial Printing Segment had
benefited by the Employment Support Scheme under the Anti-epidemic Fund set up by the Hong
Kong Government in FY2021, the results of FY2021 for this segment was short of such government
subsidy.


The Hangtag Segment
The revenue of the Hangtag Segment amounted to approximately HK$0.2 million in FY2021
(FY2020: HK$0.2 million). The segment loss derived from this segment was relatively minimal
during the periods of FY2021 and FY2020.


The Department Store Segment
The Department Store Segment generated a revenue of approximately HK$95.0 million from its
operation of department stores since the completion of acquisition in May 2021, representing
approximately 8.0% of the Group’s total revenue in FY2021. The Department Store Segment
recorded a segment loss of approximately HK$19.2 million in FY2021 due to the persistence impact
of COVID-19 pandemic adversely affecting performance of department store operation.


Liquidity, financial resources and capital structure
The Group generally finances its operations with internally generated cash flow, cash reserve,
banking facilities and facility provided by the ultimate holding company. The Group is financially
sound with healthy cash position. The Group’s cash and bank balances as at 31 December 2021
amounted to approximately HK$229.6 million (31 December 2020: HK$1,268.3 million) which were
mainly denominated in HK$ and RMB (31 December 2020: HK$ and RMB).


The gearing ratio of the Group as at 31 December 2021 was approximately 280.9% (31 December
2020: 309.6%), which is calculated based on the interest-bearing borrowings denominated in HK$
and RMB (31 December 2020: HK$ and RMB) of approximately HK$11,608.9 million (31 December
2020: HK$10,852.2 million) and divided by the equity attributable to owners of the Company of
approximately HK$4,133.1 million (31 December 2020: HK$3,505.5 million). The interest bearing
borrowings carried interest rate ranging from 2.15% to 7.60% per annum (31 December 2020: 2.15%
to 7.60% per annum) with maturity ranging from within 1 year to 29 years (31 December 2020:
within 1 year to 30 years).




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   11    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The Directors consider that the Group’s cash holding, liquid assets, future revenue, available
banking facilities and the facility provided by the ultimate holding company will be sufficient to
fulfill the present working capital requirement of the Group.


Foreign exchange
Most of the transactions of the Group were denominated in Hong Kong dollars, US dollars, Euro,
Japanese Yen and Renminbi. The reporting currency of the Group is Hong Kong dollars.


The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from exposure in the US dollars, Euro,
Japanese Yen and Renminbi against Hong Kong dollars. The management has continuously
monitored the level of exchange rate exposure and shall adopt financial hedging instruments for
hedging purpose when necessary. The EP Segment of the Group has used foreign currency forward
contract for hedging purpose during FY2021 and FY2020.


Financial guarantees and charges on assets
As at 31 December 2021, corporate guarantees amounting to approximately HK$10,096.4 million (31
December 2020: HK$9,860.2 million) were given to banks by the Company for the provision of
general banking facilities granted to its subsidiaries while corporate guarantees amounting to
approximately HK$9,405.2 million (31 December 2020: HK$9,655.0 million) was given to banks in
the PRC by the Company for the provision of general banking facilities granted to its PRC
subsidiaries. Besides, the general banking facilities granted to the subsidiaries of the Company
were secured by legal charges on certain investment properties, leasehold land and buildings and
properties under development owned by the Group with a total net book value of approximately
HK$10,184.0 million (31 December 2020: HK$11,839.2 million), approximately HK$567.6 million (31
December 2020: HK$363.8 million) and approximately HK$3,229.1 million (31 December 2020: Nil)
respectively. Meanwhile, corporate guarantees amounting to approximately HK$10,093.1 million
(31 December 2020: HK$9,880.7 million) were given to banks by the directors and controlling
shareholders of the Company for the provision of general banking facilities granted to its
subsidiaries while corporate guarantees amounting to approximately HK$9.2 million (31 December
2020: HK$8.8 million) was given to banks in the PRC by the Company for the provision of general
banking facilities granted to its PRC subsidiaries. In addition, the general banking facilities granted
to the subsidiaries of the Company were secured by securities collateral pledged to the Group by
margin clients with market value of HK$9,171,000 (31 December 2020: HK$9,529,000), the Group’s
marketable securities with an aggregate fair value of HK$3,432,000 (31 December 2020: Nil) and
shares of two (31 December 2020: two) investment properties owing subsidiaries. Besides, certain
bank borrowings were secured by the Group’s bank balances of HK$154,000 (31 December 2020:
Nil) and time deposits of HK$101,999,000 (31 December 2020: Nil).




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    12    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


BUSINESS REVIEW OF EACH SEGMENT
During the year ended 31 December 2021, the global economy and business performance did not
recover as expected due to the continuous outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic. The global economy is
influenced by the unstable international geopolitics and the expectation of raising interest rate.
Simultaneously, the economy in China is affected by the strict regulation and supervision of
various industries.


Set out below is the review of each segment of the Group’s business.


The Property Segment
The Group holds three investment property projects namely Realord Villas and Zhangkengjing
Property in Longhua District, and Realord Technology Park in Guangming District in Shenzhen,
the PRC. The Group also holds proposed development project and properties under development
namely Laiying Garden in Nanshan District and Qiankeng Property in Longhua District
respectively in Shenzhen, the PRC. There are five property projects on hand as at 31 December 2021
(31 December 2020: five).


During FY2021, there are various development progress on three property projects. Firstly, for
Realord Villas, the Group completed renovation works of the business apartment building and the
shopping mall “Sincere Mall” in December 2021. Upto the date of report, the number of tenants of
shopping mall increased to 20 including children’s amusement park and the Group entered into
tenancy agreements with big catering groups and cinema. Secondly, for Realord Technology Park,
the Group obtained the permit from relevant government authorities in respect of the increase in
construction scale of Phase II in August 2021. The construction scale is increased from
approximately 60,000 square meters to approximately 81,000 square meters. The development plan
will be started once government approval is granted. Thirdly, for Qiankeng Property, the Group
has been approved as the authorised developer by the related government authorities in January
2021. Selection of design and construction proposals has been carried out and demolition of the
existing factory and infrastructures has been completed in May 2021. The Group obtained the
permit from relevant government authorities in respect of the construction scale of approximately
112,000 square meters in November 2021. The redevelopment works will be commenced once
permits are obtained from relevant government authorities.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   13   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The Finance Services Segment
The Group’s development strategy is to build a one-stop financial services platform with
competitive advantage on branding and market positioning in the Greater Bay Area. In FY2021,
despite ongoing geopolitical issues, regulatory changes affecting several industries in the
Mainland, including the new economy and education, the Hong Kong stock market has remained
resilient through the coronavirus pandemic era. During FY2021, the Group’s Financial Services
Segment has seen a strong growth. In regard of primary market, the Group provided diversified
services to its customers, such as placing agent and underwriting services as joint book runner of
certain IPO projects as well as margin financing services. Revenue from placing agent and
underwriting services has doubled in FY2021 compared with the same period in FY2020. In respect
of the secondary market, trading volume in Hong Kong stock market hit a record high in FY2021,
the Group achieved a stable development in securities transaction services, which has led to a
year-on-year increase in brokerage fees. Meanwhile, strengthened margin financing services has
resulted in higher interest income during the reporting period.


The Group, together with 5 other independent third parties, had also applied for the approval from
the China Securities Regulatory Commission (“CSRC”) of the establishment of a security company
in Guangzhou Pilot Free Trade Zone, which is currently under review of CSRC. The Company will
update the shareholders with the progress of the application when and as appropriate.


The EP Segment
In FY2021, the EP Segment remained to be the Group’s major revenue contributor which was
benefited from the sharp increase of copper price and the increased scale of Realord EP Japan. The
increased scale can be referred to the lease agreement dated 2 November 2020 which the aggregate
gross floor area of leased land in Osaka, Japan increased from approximately 16,000 square meters
(3 pieces) to approximately 19,609 square meters (4 pieces). Although the revenue was increased,
the net profit was washed away by the lower of gross profit margin and increased credit risk of
long outstanding trade receivables due to the temporary suspension of business operation in PRC
and Malaysia under the COVID-19 pandemic.


Due to the outbreak of Omicron epidemic, the Group changed its development strategy of EP
business by discontinuing to seek for the development of a processing plant for smelting scrap
materials. In addition, on 17 August 2021, Realord EP Japan served a notice to Tsugawa Metal Co.,
Ltd. (“Tsugawa Metal”) to early terminate the service agreement in relation to the provision of
technical services with effect from 1 September 2021 which is expected to be more cost efficient and
allow more flexibility.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   14    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The MVP Segment
With the stable source of suppliers during the COVID-19 pandemic, the MVP business achieved a
revenue growth because of increase in orders placed by customers. In order to maintain sustainable
growth in business, the Group has to further strengthen its relationship with suppliers and explore
new customer bases.


The Commercial Printing Segment and Hangtag Segment
The decrease in demand of commercial printing services and hangtag products was unavoidable
during the COVID-19 pandemic. Though the Group has downsized its scale of operations in order
to minimize the operating costs, these two segments still recorded segment losses in FY2021.


The Department Store Segment
The Group completed the acquisition of Sincere, which engaged in the operation of department
stores, securities trading and the provision of general and life insurances, in May 2021. During
FY2021, the performance of the Department Store Segment was continued affecting by the
COVID-19 pandemic. The Group had adopted pro-active measures such as reducing operating
expenses, negotiating rental concession and maintaining a healthy inventory level for improvement
of financial results.


The Latin America and the Caribbean (“LAC”) Segment
The CODM classified the LAC Segment as an operating segment on 31 December 2021 when the
Group acquired a 70.5% equity interest (“Gift Interest”) of Caribbean Education Industry Group
Limited at nil consideration from Dr. Lin Xiaohui (“Dr. Lin”). The principal business of the
Caribbean Education Group is the development of a project in Grenada (comprising 3 lots of land
with admeasurement 450 acres situated at the Mt. Hartman area in the parish of Saint George). The
Grenada Project involves the development of a mixed property project consisting educational
facilities, apartments for student, residential properties, hotel and resort facilities, commercial
development and shopping facilities and in a longer plan university establishment(s) and related
amenities.


The Government of Grenada granted the Caribbean Education Group the “Approval Project Status”
such that the Caribbean Education Group can develop the Grenada Project on foreign investors’
funding in accordance with the local laws under Section 11 of the Grenada Citizenship by
Investment Act 15 of 2013 and a citizenship by investment programme of Grenada (“CBI
Programme”). Through the CBI Programme, the Caribbean Education Group is authorised to raise
capital from investors of the Project for funding the construction and development costs. Qualified
investors of the real properties will be granted permanent Grenadian citizenship and a passport
offering visa-free travel to over 153 countries including the United Kingdom, EU Schengen
countries and China. Grenada also offers access for its citizens to the United States of America E2
treaty investor visa which would enable the visa holder to reside, work and study in the United
States. The Project marks a significant flag of our Group into the Caribbean region.



                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   15   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


OUTLOOK AND CORPORATE STRATEGY
The Property Segment
The Group will focus on the five properties hand, namely, the Qiankeng Property, the Laiying
Garden, the Realord Villas, the Realord Technology Park and the Zhangkengjing Property to ensure
that the Group stays in a good position in this segment.


The Finance Services Segment
The Financial Services Segment of the Group is highly correlated to the debt and capital markets in
Hong Kong. It is expected that the ongoing political tension between United States of America and
China would push more Chinese enterprises go for listing on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong.
With the new listing regime for SPACs in Hong Kong, the Group expects its Financial Services
Segment could still achieve a steady business growth in the near future. The Group is in the course
of optimizing its software systems in relation to securities transaction while expanding its sales and
marketing force. The Group is currently preparing to launch dark pool and U.S. stock trading
systems.


The EP Segment, the MVP Segment, the Commercial Printing Segment, the Department Store
Segment and the Hangtag Segment
Looking forward, amidst the market uncertainties, the Group will continue to exercise extreme
cautions in the operations of the EP Segment, the MVP Segment, the Commercial Printing Segment,
the Department Store Segment and the Hangtag Segment with a view to controlling operating
costs, minimising the credit risk exposures, and expanding the customers base of the segments by
strengthening their competitive edges among their competitors. The Group will continue to
monitor the business plans, the associated risks and prospects of the operations of all segments, in
order to maximise the return to the Shareholders.


The LAC Segment
The Project presents a valuable opportunity for the Group to diversity its business and operations
in the Caribbean and Latin American region and enables it to expand its scale of operation
overseas. By inviting foreign investment under the CBI Programme of Grenada, the Group has
embarked on the Grenada Project.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   16     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The Group is keen to leverage its experience in the Grenada Project to explore further investment
opportunities around the Caribbean economic zone and Latin American region. The Group has
further targeted to invest in four other Caribbean countries, namely Antigua and Barbuda, Saint
Lucia, Saint Kitts and Nevis, and Dominica. These four countries, together with Grenada
(altogether, the “Designated Caribbean Countries”), were ranked top five popular investment
destination by CBI Programme by the magazine “Professional Wealth Management” published by
“Financial Times” in 2021. Other than the Grenada Project, the Group is also in negotiation with
the authorities of the Republic of Panama on a power generation project to be granted under the
foreign investors investment scheme of the Republic of Panama. As seen, it is the corporate strategy
of the Group to invest and/or to form joint ventures with local governments in the targeted
countries to set up and develop new businesses taking advantage of raising capital from foreign
investors through the CBI Programmes of different countries. The Group has been identifying
suitable investment projects in and develop appropriate business plans for each of the Designated
Caribbean Countries and the Republic of Panama. After discussions with and obtaining support
from the local governments of each of these Caribbean countries and the Republic of Panama, the
Group will determine and proceed with the pertinent investment projects, with an aim to
maximizing the return for the Shareholders. To this end, the Group has established a management
and marketing team with offices in Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen and Hong Kong and engaged a
consultant in Vietnam to implement the marketing strategies formulated for promoting the
citizenship investment programmes and investment opportunities of each of the aforesaid
countries.

The Caribbean region has long been popular with the Western countries such as Europe, the United
States of America and Canada, and is an ideal place for vacations. In particular, Antigua and
Barbuda, and Saint Kitts and Nevis are closer to the United States of America, and both countries
have direct flights to Europe, the United States of America and Canada. Before the outbreak of the
epidemic, more than one million tourists visited these two countries every year, but the
development of infrastructure such as hotels and tourism facilities lags behind. Tourists who travel
to the Caribbean region are high-end consumer groups with relatively strong spending power.
Thus, they generally demand higher qualities for hotels and tourism facilities. However, the
tourism facilities have becoming obsolete, and the hotel buildings and supporting facilities have
not been upgraded and renovated promptly. On the other hand, in view of the increasing
awareness of global warming, these Caribbean countries, which are still mainly relying on
traditional method of generating electricity, are encouraged to develop renewable energy. In view
of these, the Group has identified four investment propositions to collaborate with the respective
local governments to accelerate economic development of each country. These four areas include (i)
the clean energy sector; (ii) the education sector; (iii) the tourism sector; and (iv) the retail sector.
Environmental and economic benefits of using renewable energy include: (i) generating energy that
produces no greenhouse gas emissions from fossil fuels and reduces some types of air pollution; (ii)
diversifying energy supply and reducing dependence on imported fuels; and (iii) creating economic
development and jobs in manufacturing and installation, etc.. Education, tourism and retail projects
are organically integrated to create an ecosystem, providing employment opportunities, and
boosting the local economy and people’s quality of life. The Group would also be able to embrace
corporate social responsibility alongside with its stakeholders. The Group is confident that it can
obtain support from local governments with favorable policy and initiatives.



                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED     17    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


It is the Group’s strategy to seek for professional investors to jointly invest in the projects in the
Designated Caribbean Countries and the Republic of Panama. Further, the Group is identifying
capable and competent business partners with significant track record to participate in the projects.
Subject to the planning and the feasibility studies of the projects as well as the requisite approval
by the respective local government, it is expected that the Group would kick off the projects in the
Designated Caribbean Countries and the Republic of Panama in 2022 and 2023.


Further details of the projects in contemplation by the Group are set out below:


The clean energy sector
The renewable energy projects would help the respective government gradually implement the
goal of reducing carbon dioxide emissions and achieving carbon neutrality. Currently, only about
7% of the electricity is generated by solar power in Antigua and Barbuda and about 5% of the
electricity is generated by renewable energy in Saint Kitts and Nevis. In Grenada, Saint Lucia and
Dominica, only about 1% of the electricity is generated by renewable energy. The majority of the
electricity of these Designated Caribbean Countries is still generated by crude oil. In light of the
fact that the clean energy sector in the Caribbean and Latin American region is still at an early
stage, the Group is confident that it would be able to reach strategic alliance with the respective
local government to establish sustainable clean energy policy and further deploy the Group’s
investment strategy in this area.


The Group is planning to establish a sustainable clean energy hub in the region by investing in
BOT (build-operate-transfer) projects approved by the local governments. These BOT projects
include but not limited to the construction of power storage facilities, power management and grid
management systems, wind power generation, solar power generation and application of clean
power on infrastructure and buildings. The investment is expected to be carried out in two phases.
The first phase would be establishing photovoltaic power plants in the Designated Caribbean
Countries including ground centralised photovoltaic power station, lithium battery energy storage
system, energy management system and grid control center. The second phase would be
establishing smart grid upgrade and energy storage facilities. The Group is in negotiation with the
local governments of Grenada and Dominica to enter into memoranda of understandings (“MOUs”)
to formulate the form of cooperation. The planning and feasibility studies would be finalised before
June 2022, and construction of the BOT projects would commence in second half of 2022.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   18     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The education sector
The Grenada Project is planned to be developed into an university town, a resort and hotel
complex and a university campus. Two to three internationally renowned universities will be
invited to set up a campus in Grenada. As such, the Group is currently in discussion with the
University of the West Indies in the Caribbean region, the University of Wales in the United
Kingdom, the Vaughn College of Aeronautics and Technology and the Northeastern University in
the United States of America. It is expected that such arrangement will be materialised in 2022, and
the first phase of operation of the university is targeted to commence in August 2025. Apartments
which could accommodate a total of 8,000 student will also be built.


For the development project in Panama City, the Group is planning to develop a complex of
international school campuses, apartments for student, commercial complex, hotel resorts,
residential villas and other ancillary facilities. Renowned universities will be invited from each of
China, Europe and the United States of America to establish campuses in Panama City. It is
planned that student apartments which could accommodate a total of 18,000 students and teaching
buildings will be built. Besides, 4,500 residential apartments, 1,500 townhouses and 100 luxury
villas will also be developed in the project. It is expected that the relevant approvals for the
development project would be obtained in August 2022.


Further, the Group is also negotiating with the local government of Antigua and Barbuda to
relocate the existing Hospitality Training Institute to a new address and to undergo an expansion.


The tourism sector
The Group has entered into an MOU with the government of Antigua and Barbuda in respect of
the hotel and property investment, pursuant to which the Group shall invest in the construction of
hundreds of hotel rooms, and the local government shall approve the projects to be under the CBI
Programme and grant various preferential tax benefits to the construction of the projects. Under
the MOU, the Group will proactively develop and plan for different projects. Projects which are
currently confirmed include: (i) a luxury hotel villa project; (ii) an airport project; and (iii) a project
involving cruise terminal, international cargo center, Caribbean maritime transportation hub and
duty-free business center.


The Group is also considering taking over the development of a resort development project in Saint
Kitts which has completed phase one and in the course of constructing phase two.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED     19     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The retail sector
Leveraging on the brand name of “Sincere” and the experience in operating department stores, the
Group plans to enhance the appeal of image and atmosphere in the retail environment in different
locations. It is expected that retail stores and shopping facilities of “Sincere” will be established in
collaboration with the university cities and investment activities of the Group in the area as
discussed above.


The Group will continue to develop the business plans and assess the abovementioned projects and
continue to identify new potential investment opportunities in other sectors, including but not
limited to the banking and insurance sector, the desalination of sea water and sewage treatment
sector, the general aviation and marine passenger transport sector, the infrastructure engineering
sector, the international commodity trading sector, the mineral resources exploration sector and the
offshore oil and gas exploitation sector in the Caribbean and Latin American region for the purpose
of maximising the benefits and return to the Shareholders.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
Saved as disclosed in note 48 to the consolidated financial statements, the Group has no other
significant contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2021.


LITIGATION
Saved as disclosed in note 49 to the consolidated financial statements, the Group has no other
significant litigation as at 31 December 2021.


EVENTS AFTER REPORTING PERIOD
No significant event has taken place subsequent to 31 December 2021 and up to the date of this
report.


OTHER INFORMATION
Voluntary Conditional Cash Offer
On 15 May 2020, the Company announced a voluntary conditional cash offer (subject to the
satisfaction or waiver (as the case may be) of certain pre-conditions) to acquire all of the issued
shares of Sincere (the “Offer”). The then controlling shareholder of Sincere, Win Dynamic Limited
(“Win Dynamic”), has executed an irrevocable undertaking to the Company that Win Dynamic
would tender, or procure the tender of, all of its shares in Sincere to accept the Offer. In addition,
the subsidiaries of Sincere, including The Sincere Insurance & Investment Company, Limited
(“Sincere II”), The Sincere Life Assurance Company Limited (“Sincere LA”) and The Sincere
Company (Perfumery Manufacturers), Limited (“Perfumery”) (collectively the “Sincere
Companies”) had also executed irrevocable undertakings to accept the Offer (collectively the
“Irrevocable Undertakings”).




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    20     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


On 28 April 2021, the Company announced the pre-conditions of the Offer have been satisfied or
waived (as the case may be).


As disclosed in the Offer Document, the final offer price is HK$0.3935 per share. In addition, the
Offer was then conditional only on valid acceptances of the Offer will result in the Company
holding more than 50% of the voting rights of Sincere.


On 7 May 2021, the Company announced the Offer had become unconditional in all respects.


As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 3 June 2021, the Offer closed on 3 June
2021. the Company had received valid acceptances in respect of a total of 1,044,695,362 shares of
Sincere under the Offer, representing approximately 79.51% of the then entire issued share capital
of Sincere. Accordingly, the Company has become the controlling shareholder of Sincere.


On 27 July 2021, the Company entered into a placing agreement with the placing agent (the
“Placing Agent”), pursuant to which the Placing Agent shall act as an agent of the Company to
procure, on a best effort basis, not less than six placees to purchase placing shares (the “Placing
Share(s)”) held by the Company at a placing price of HK$0.59 per Placing Share (the “Placing”).
The Placing was completed on 30 July 2021 and following the completion, the number of shares of
Sincere held by the Company decreased from 1,044,695,362 shares to 985,471,362 shares,
representing a decrease in shareholding from approximately 79.51% to approximately 75.00% of
shares in issue of Sincere.


Further details are disclosed in the joint announcements of the Company and Sincere dated 15 May
2021, 27 July 2021 and 30 July 2021 (“Joint Announcements”), the Offer Document, the response
document of Sincere dated 20 May 2021 (“Response Document”), and the announcements issued by
the Company on 7 May 2021 and 3 June 2021.


PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
Concentration risk
The five largest customers of the Group contributed approximately 52.8% of the total turnover of
the Group for the year; while the five largest suppliers of the Group contributed approximately
67.4% of the total purchases of the Group for the year. The concentration of sales and purchases on
certain customers and suppliers may pose risk to the Group operation in that failure in any of these
customers and suppliers may have adverse financial effect on the Group.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   21      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Credit risk
The account receivables/receivables arising from securities broking/loan receivables amounted to
HK$836.1 million as at 31 December 2021, which comprise trade receivables amounted to HK$355.2
million, receivables arising from securities broking amounted to HK$290.5 million and loan
receivables amounted to HK$190.4 million.


The receivables arising from securities broking comprise balances receivable from cash client and
margin client. The cash clients are required to place deposits before execution of any purchase
transactions and are due within the settlement period which are usually within a few days from the
trade date. The credit risk arising from the amounts due from cash clients is considered to be low.
The amounts due from margin clients are repayable on demand and the margin clients are required
to place securities and/or cash deposits as collateral. On a daily basis, the management monitored
market conditions and adequacy of collateral of each margin client. Margin calls and forced
liquidation are made where necessary.


The trade receivables are normally granted with credit terms; while the loan receivables are
granted based on the clients’ credit quality and will be repaid according to the agreed date of
repayment. The Group recognises a loss allowance for the expected credit losses (“ECL”) on the
account receivables to reflect credit risk. However, the default or significant increase in credit risk
of any of these clients would adversely impact the financial results and position of the Group.


Market risk
Investment properties
The Group held significant assets classified as investment properties for earning rental income and
capital appreciation. Revaluation of investment properties would be conducted regularly by
independent qualified professional valuers at reporting date and any surplus/deficit was recorded
as fair value gain or loss in the statement of profit or loss. Fair value of investment properties could
be affected by a number of factors, such as property market condition, interest rate, political
environment, etc. The change in fair value could significantly affect the financial results and
position of the Group.


Financial assets
The Group held certain financials assets for trading purpose, the fluctuation in stock price of the
portfolio of listed securities could significantly affect the profitability of the Group. According to
the HKFRSs, the gain/loss on listed securities should be booked as fair value gain or loss on
financial assets at fair value through profit or loss in the statement of profit or loss. The fluctuation
in stock price could impact the Group’s profitability. The directors will closely monitor the stock
market and make changes to the investment portfolio in order to maximize shareholders’ return.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   22   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


LAWS AND REGULATIONS
Laws and regulations in relation to the financial services sector, environmental protection sector
and workplace quality may have a material effect on the Group’s principal activities.

Operation in regulatory sector
The Financial Services Segment of the Group operates in a highly regulated sector. The risk of non-
compliance with regulatory requirements could lead to the loss of operating licenses.

The EP Segment of the Group operates under relevant environmental protection regulations,
non-compliance with the regulatory requirements changes will affect the Group’s operation
significantly. Therefore, we make it a top priority to stay up to date on new laws and regulations,
and to ensure compliance with the relevant rules and regulations. The Group has implemented
policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with the most relevant laws and
regulations.

We did not identify any material non-compliance or breach of the relevant regulations for our
financial services business and environmental protection business.

Workplace Quality
The Group believes that continued business success relies on the full contribution and support of
our employees. We are dedicated to promoting equal opportunities for all of our employees in
different areas, including recruitment, compensation and benefits, training, staff promotion,
transfer, and dismissal. All employees are assessed based on their ability, performance and
contribution, irrespective of their nationality, race, religion, gender, age or family status.

The Group is committed to the health, safety and welfare of our employees. We pledge full
compliance in all occupational health and safety legislations and we have implemented an effective
and safe working environment for our employees.

We did not identify any material non-compliance or breach of labour or other relevant legislations.

Environmental Protection
The Group is committed to protecting and sustaining the environment through reduced
consumption of electrical power and paper. We are committed to upholding high environmental
standards to fulfill relevant requirements under applicable laws or ordinances.

We did not identify any material non-compliance or breach of relevant standards, rules and
regulations on air and greenhouse gas emission, discharges into water and land, generation of
hazardous or non-hazardous water, etc.

RELATIONSHIP WITH EMPLOYEES
The Group recognises employees as the most important assets of the Group. The contribution and
support of employees are valued at all times. The Group regularly reviews the remuneration
policies according to the market benchmarks, financial results and individual performance of
employees. Other staff benefit plans are provided to enhance the employees’ loyalty and
satisfaction.


                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   23    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


RELATIONSHIP WITH SUPPLIERS
Fair and Open Competition
The Group promotes fair and open competition that aims to develop long term relationships with
suppliers based on mutual trust.


Public Interest and Accountability
The procurement from suppliers or service providers is conducted in a manner consistent with the
highest ethical standards. This helps assure high products quality at all times to gain the
confidence of customers, suppliers and the public.


Procurement and Tendering Procedures
The contracting of services and the purchase of goods are based solely on need, quality and price.
This ensures compliance with procurement policies and fosters positive and open competition.


RELATIONSHIP WITH CUSTOMERS AND CLIENTS
Customer Services
The Group seeks to provide efficient and courteous customer service to maintain customer
satisfaction and co-operation. Customers have access to information about the operation and
development of the Group through annual reports and the company website. The Group shall not
make any misrepresentation, exaggeration or overstatement.


ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL POLICIES
Details of the environmental and social policies of the Group are set out in the Environmental,
Social and Governance Report on pages 52 to 86.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED     24   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


EMPLOYMENT AND REMUNERATION POLICIES
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had a total workforce of 521, of whom 335, 135, 31 and 20 were
based in Hong Kong, the PRC, Japan and Grenada. Remuneration packages are generally
structured by reference to market terms and individual qualifications, experience and merits.
Salaries are normally reviewed on an annual basis and bonuses, if any, will be based on
performance appraisals and other relevant factors. Staff benefits plans maintained by the Group
include mandatory provident fund scheme, share option scheme and medical insurance.


SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND SERVICES AND ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY
Corporate Social Responsibility has become common practice. The Group cares to save energy,
reduce waste during our day-to-day operations, and to protect the environment by implementing a
series of measures in energy conservation and paper recycling etc.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   25    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
    BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF THE DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY
           AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT OF THE GROUP

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Dr. Lin Xiaohui (“Dr. Lin”)
Dr. Lin, aged 48, was appointed as the chairman and an executive director of the Company and the
chairman of the Executive Committee. Dr. Lin is also currently the chairman and an executive
director of The Sincere Company, Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock
Exchange (Stock Code: 244) (“Sincere”), a subsidiary of the Company. Dr. Lin obtained a post
graduate diploma in business administration from the Society of Business Practitioners in December
2013, a Master degree of business administration from the City University (formerly known as the
City University College of Science and Technology) in September 2014 and a Honorary Doctorate
degree of Business Administration from the SABI University in August 2015.


Since 2005, Dr. Lin has held management positions in a number of private companies in which he has
shareholding interests, and these companies are mainly engaged in real estate, electronics, logistics
and financial investment in Shenzhen. Dr. Lin is currently a member of the election committee of
the chief executive of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, a member of the Committee of
the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference of Shenzhen, a vice chairman of Shenzhen
Federation of Industry & Commerce* (深圳市工商聯), a chairman of Shenzhen Futian District
Federation of Industry & Commerce* (深圳市福田區工商聯 (總商會)), and was a member of Standing
Committee of the 3rd to 5th Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference of Futian District,
Shenzhen. Dr. Lin is the spouse of Madam Su Jiaohua (“Madam Su”) and the brother of Mr. Lin
Xiaodong (“Mr. Lin”). Dr. Lin joined the Group in June 2014.


Madam Su
Madam Su, aged 49, was appointed as the chief executive officer and an executive director of the
Company and a member of the Executive Committee. Madam Su is also currently an executive director
and the chief executive officer of Sincere. Madam Su obtained the advanced diploma in business studies
from Ashford College of Management & Technology Singapore (formerly known as AMGT
Management School) in September 2012. Since 2005, Madam Su has held management positions in a
number of private companies in which she has shareholding interests, and these companies are mainly
engaged in real estate, electronics, logistics and financial investment in Shenzhen. Madam Su also
served as a member of the 6th People’s Congress of Futian District, Shenzhen City, and a member of
The 6th People’s Congress of Shenzhen City. Madam Su is the spouse of Dr. Lin. Madam Su joined the
Group in June 2014.


Mr. Lin
Mr. Lin, aged 39, obtained a Bachelor of Commerce and Administration in Commercial Law and
International Business from the Victoria University of Wellington, New Zealand in 2007. He has
worked in the Branch Office of Shenzhen Municipal Office of the State Administration of Taxation*
(深圳市國家稅務局直屬分局) from 2007 to 2009. He has undertaken various managerial roles in a
company owned by Dr. Lin and Madam Su since 2009. Mr. Lin is the brother of Dr. Lin. Mr. Lin
joined the Group in June 2014.

*   For identification purpose only

                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   26   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
    BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF THE DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY
           AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT OF THE GROUP

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Yu Leung Fai (“Mr. Yu”)
Mr. Yu, aged 45, was appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company, the
chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee and the
Nomination Committee.


Mr. Yu is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, Certified Practicing
Accountants of Australia and the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Yu
obtained a bachelor’s degree in commerce from University of Toronto, Canada in June 2000 and a
bachelor’s degree in law from University of London, United Kingdom in August 2005. Mr. Yu has
over 20 years of experience in corporate services field. He first started his career as an auditor of
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. Since 2001, Mr. Yu joined Fung, Yu & Co. CPA Limited (formerly Fung,
Yu & Co.) and is currently the company’s managing partner. Mr. Yu has also been the company
secretary of Beijing Media Corporation Limited (stock Code: 1000), Yuanda China Holdings
Limited (stock Code: 2789) and Sany Heavy Equipment International Holdings Company Limited
(stock Code: 631), and the independent non-executive director of Dowway Holdings Limited (stock
Code: 8403), The Sincere Company, Limited (stock Code: 244) and CSMall Group Limited (stock
Code: 1815), all of which are listed companies in Hong Kong, since 2010, 2012, 2017, 2019, 2021 and
2021, respectively. Mr. Yu joined the Group in June 2014.


Mr. Fang Jixin (“Mr. Fang”)
Mr. Fang, aged 40, was appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company, the
chairman of the Remuneration Committee, a member of Audit Committee and Nomination
Committee.


Mr. Fang holds a Master degree in Civil and Commercial Law from Wuhan University. Mr. Fang
was a legal assistant and a solicitor in the Shu Jin Law Firm from 2005 to 2008 and in the
compliance and management division of China International Capital Corporation Limited from
2008 to 2012. He has joined Shenzhen City Zhidongli Precise Technology Company Limited* (深圳
市智動力精密技術股份有限公司) since 2012 and is currently the deputy general manager and
secretary to the board (董事會秘書). Mr. Fang joined the Group in June 2014.




*   For identification purpose only

                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   27   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
    BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF THE DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY
           AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT OF THE GROUP

Mr. Ho Chun Chung, Patrick (“Mr. Ho”)
Mr. Ho, aged 58, was appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company and a
member of the Audit Committee.


Mr. Ho worked in PricewaterhouseCoopers from 1987 to 1992 and Gold Peak Industries (Holdings)
Limited (stock code: 40) from 1992 to 2000 with his last position as financial controller and Chen
Hsong Holdings Limited (stock code: 57) from 2002 to 2005 as financial controller. Mr. Ho was an
independent non-executive director of Tesson Holdings Limited (stock code: 1201) from 2014 to
2016 and Asia Investment Finance Group Limited (currently known as Amber Hill Financial
Holdings Limited) (stock code: 33) from 2015 to 2018 respectively. He has been the independent
non-executive director of Ling Yui Holdings Limited (stock code: 784) since December 2017 and
A&S Group (Holdings) Limited (stock code: 1737) since February 2018. Mr. Ho obtained a
professional diploma in accountancy from the Hong Kong Polytechnic (currently known as The
Hong Kong Polytechnic University) in November 1987 and a master degree in finance from the
City University of Hong Kong in December 1996. Mr. Ho is an associate member of the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a fellow member of the Association of Chartered
Certified Accountants since February 1991 and October 1995, respectively. Mr. Ho joined the Group
in March 2022.


SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. Tsang Chin Pang (“Mr. Tsang”), aged 43, re-joined the Group and has been appointed as the
chief financial officer and company secretary of the Company in August 2021. Mr. Tsang graduated
from the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology with a bachelor of business
administration in finance. He is also a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. Mr. Tsang has over 20 years of experience in the field of finance and accounting and
he was the chief financial officer and company secretary of the Company for the period from
February 2011 to July 2016.




*   For identification purpose only



                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   28   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31
December 2021.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The principal activities of its principal
subsidiaries are set out in note 58 to the consolidated financial statements.


An analysis of the Group’s performance for the year ended 31 December 2021 by business
operating segments and geographical information is set out in note 6 to the consolidated financial
statements.


RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
The Group’s profit for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the consolidated financial position of
the Group at that date are set out in the consolidated financial statements on pages 94 to 245.


No interim and final dividend have been declared during the years ended 31 December 2021 and
31 December 2020.


FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
A summary of the results, assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five fiscal years is set out
on page 246.


BUSINESS REVIEW
The business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 is set out in the
“Management Discussion and Analysis” section on pages 7 to 25.


SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the movements in the Company’s share capital during the year ended 31 December 2021
are set out in note 44 to the consolidated financial statements.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   29     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES
During the year ended 31 December 2021, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had
purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Bye-laws or the laws of
Bermuda which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to its
shareholders.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
At 31 December 2021, the Company did not have any reserve available for distribution (2020: Nil).


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
The percentages of sales and purchases for the year attributable to the Group’s major customers
and suppliers were as follows:


(1)   The aggregate amount of turnover attributable to the Group’s five largest customers
      represented 52.8% of the Group’s total turnover. The amount of sales to the Group’s largest
      customer represented 15.9% of the Group’s total turnover.


(2)   The aggregate amount of purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers
      represented 67.4% of the Group’s total purchases. The amount of purchases from the Group’s
      largest supplier represented 37.8% of the Group’s total purchases.


None of the directors of the Company, their associates or any shareholder (who, to the best
knowledge of the directors, owns more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital) had any
beneficial interest in the Group’s five largest customers and/or five largest suppliers during the
year ended 31 December 2021.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   30    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS
The directors of the Company during the year were as follows:


Executive directors:
Dr. Lin Xiaohui
Madam Su Jiaohua
Mr. Lin Xiaodong


Independent non-executive directors:
Mr. Yu Leung Fai
Mr. Fang Jixin
Mr. Ho Chun Chung Patrick (appointed on 8 March 2022)
Dr. Li Jue (resigned on 15 September 2021)


Mr. Lin Xiaodong and Mr. Yu Leung Fai will retire by rotation and, being eligible, will offer
themselves for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting in accordance with Bye-law
87 of the Company’s Bye-laws.


The independent non-executive directors are not appointed for specific terms but are subject to
retirement by rotation in accordance with the Company’s Bye-laws.


The Company has received annual confirmation of independence from each of the independent
non-executive directors pursuant to rule 3.13 of The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) and as at the date of this report,
still considers them to be independent.


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
No director of the Company as of the date of this report has a service contract with the Company
which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation
other than statutory compensation.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
Saved as disclosed in notes 13 and 52 to the consolidated financial statements, no director nor a
connected entity of a director had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any
transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to the business of the Group to which the
holding company of the Company, or any of the Company’s subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was
a party during the year.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   31   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of
the business of the Group was entered into or existed during the year.


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITION IN
SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES OR DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ITS
ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
As at 31 December 2021, the interests and short positions of the directors and chief executive of the
Company in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571
of the Law of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”) or as otherwise notified to the Company and The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) pursuant to the Model Code for Securities
Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers were as follows:

                                                      Number of shares held
                                                                              Interest from                         Total
                        Personal interests                                  options granted                 interests as%
                                  (held as    Corporate            Spouse       under share        Total    of the issued
Name of directors        beneficial owner)     interests          interests option scheme       interests    share capital

Dr. Lin Xiaohui                         –    903,160,000                 –                –   903,160,000         62.73%
                                                (Note 1)

Madam Su Jiaohua                        –             –         903,160,000               –   903,160,000         62.73%
                                                                   (Note 2)

Mr. Lin Xiaodong                        –             –                  –        1,000,000     1,000,000           0.07%

Mr. Yu Leung Fai                  500,000             –                  –                –            –            0.03%

Mr. Fang Jixin                    500,000             –                  –                –            –            0.03%

Notes:

1.       As at 31 December 2021, Manureen Holdings Limited (“MHL”) was the legal and beneficial owner of
         903,160,000 shares. Since Dr. Lin Xiaohui owned 70% of the issued share capital of MHL, he was
         deemed to be interested in 903,160,000 shares.

2.       Madam Su Jiaohua, the spouse of Dr. Lin Xiaohui, was deemed to be interested in 903,160,000 shares
         which Dr. Lin Xiaohui was deemed to be interested under the SFO as at 31 December 2021.




                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED         32       ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2021, none of the directors or chief executive of the
Company had any interests and short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of
the Company or any associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded
in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by
Directors of Listed Issuers.


INTERESTS OF THE SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY
As at 31 December 2021, so far as is known to the directors, the following persons (other than a
director or chief executive of the Company) had interests in the shares or underlying shares of the
Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the
SFO:


                                                                        Number of      Percentage of
Name of shareholder                                     Capacity       shares held     issued capital


MHL                                              Beneficial owner       903,160,000           62.73%


Mr. Ma Chao                                      Beneficial owner       170,000,000           11.81%

Note:

As at 31 December 2021, MHL was the legal and beneficial owner of 903,160,000 Shares. MHL was owned as
to 70% by Dr. Lin Xiaohui and as to 30% by Madam Su Jiaohua.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2021, other than the directors and chief executive of the
Company whose interests or short positions are set out in the paragraph headed “Directors’ and
chief executive’s interests and short position in shares, underlying shares or debentures of the
Company or its associated corporations” above, the directors and chief executive of the Company
were not aware of any person who had any interest or short position in the shares or underlying
shares of the Company according to the register of interest required to be kept by the Company
under Section 336 of the SFO.


SHARE OPTION SCHEMES
The share option scheme (the “Option Scheme”) adopted by the Company was approved by the
shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 10 August 2012 and is effective
for a period of 10 years commencing on 10 August 2012. The purpose of the Option Scheme is to
attract and retain quality personnel and other persons and to provide them with incentive to
contribute to the business and operation of the Group or any invested entity through granting of
options to eligible participants. Further details of the Option Scheme are disclosed in note 45 to the
consolidated financial statements.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    33    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Movements of the share options under the share option scheme during the year are as follows:

                                                          Exercise   Outstanding                                                Outstanding
                                                             price          as at     Granted       Exercised       Lapsed           as at 31
                                         Exercise        per share     1 January       during         during        during        December
Name of Grantee          Date of Grant   Period             (HK$)           2021      the year       the year      the year             2021

Directors
Lin Xiaodong                20/5/2015    20/5/2017            4.11      1,000,000           –                –             –       1,000,000
                                           – 19/5/2025

Yu Leung Fai                20/5/2015    20/5/2017            4.11        500,000           –        (500,000)             –               –
                                           – 19/5/2025

Fang Jixin                  20/5/2015    20/5/2017            4.11        500,000           –        (500,000)             –               –
                                           – 19/5/2025

Li Jue (resigned on 15      20/5/2015    20/5/2017            4.11        500,000           –        (500,000)             –               –
  September 2021)                          – 19/5/2025

                                                                        2,500,000           –       (1,500,000)            –       1,000,000

Directors’ associates
Lin Xiaohong                20/5/2015    20/5/2017            4.11      1,000,000           –                –             –       1,000,000
                                           – 19/5/2025

Su Jiawen                   20/5/2015    20/5/2017            4.11      1,000,000           –                –    (1,000,000)              –
                                           – 19/5/2025

Lin Yixin                   20/5/2015    20/5/2017            4.11        300,000           –                –     (300,000)               –
                                           – 19/5/2025

Lin Jingming                20/5/2015    20/5/2017            4.11      1,000,000           –                –             –       1,000,000
                                           – 19/5/2025

                                                                        3,300,000           –                –    (1,300,000)      2,000,000

Other employees
In aggregate                20/5/2015    20/5/2017            4.11      2,000,000           –                –     (400,000)       1,600,000
                                           – 19/5/2025

                                                                        2,000,000           –                –     (400,000)       1,600,000

                                                                        7,800,000           –       (1,500,000)   (1,700,000)      4,600,000


There was no participant with options granted in excess of the individual limit.


The weighted average closing price immediately before the exercise of the share options was
HK$10.30.




                          REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED             34        ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESSES
None of the directors or any of their respective associates has interest in any business that
competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group, or
has any other conflict of interest with the Group.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
A report on the principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company is set out on
pages 44 to 51.


MATERIAL CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
On 1 December 2021, Dr. Lin and the Company entered into the deed of gift, pursuant to which,
Dr. Lin has irrevocably undertaken to transfer to the Company, and the Company has agreed to
accept, the Gift Interest, being 70.5% equity interest in the Caribbean Education Group beneficially
held by Dr. Lin, at nil consideration. The principal business of the Caribbean Education Group is
the development of the property development project in Grenada. The Grenada Project involves the
development of a mixed property project consisting residential properties, hotel and resort
facilities, commercial development and shopping facilities, educational facilities and in a longer
plan university establishment(s) and related amenities to be situated at the Mt. Hartman area in the
parish of Saint George in the State of Grenada and divided into 3 lots of land (“Project Lands”). It
is envisaged that the Project Lands will contain by admeasurement 450 acres (approximately
1,821,084 square meters), and will be developed into an university town, a resort and hotel complex
and a university campus respectively. Caribbean Education Group is also contemplating to engage
in another property development project in the Republic of Panama. The transaction is completed
on 31 December 2021. Further details are set out in the announcements of the Company dated 1
December 2021 and 31 December 2021.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   35   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
During the year, the Group conducted certain continuing connected transactions with a connected
person (as defined in the Listing Rules) which are required to be disclosed pursuant to Chapter
14A of the Listing Rules.


SERVICE AGREEMENT
On 15 May 2020, Realord EP Japan and Tsugawa Metal entered into the service agreement (the
“Service Agreement”), pursuant to which Tsugawa Metal agreed to provide the technical services
to Realord EP Japan for JPY12,300,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$927,051) per month with
workers’ overtime charge on a hourly rate (if any), for carrying on the Group’s dismantling and
trading of scrap materia business in Japan.


On 17 August 2021, Realord EP Japan served a notice to Tsugawa Metal to early terminate the
service agreement with effective from 1 September 2021. Further details are set out in the
announcement of the Company dated 17 August 2021.


Realord EP Japan is effectively owned as to 55.1% by the Company through its indirect 61.3%
owned subsidiary, Realord Environmental Protection Industrial Company Limited, and directly
owned as to 10% by Mr. Liu Tao, who is also a director of Realord EP Japan and a majority
shareholder holding 60% interests in Tsugawa Metal. Tsugawa Metal is therefore a connected
person of the Company at the subsidiary level under the Listing Rules.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   36   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The transaction of Service Agreement constitutes continuing connected transactions of the
Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


Date
15 May 2020


Parties
(i)       Realord EP Japan; and


(ii)      Tsugawa Metal


Terms of service
Services to be provided by        :   The technical services including the processing and
      Tsugawa Metal                   dismantling of scrap materials by 41 workers and related
                                      technical and logistics support


Term                              :   15 May 2020 to 31 December 2021 (both dates inclusive)


Monthly service fee               :   JPY12,300,000 (consumption tax inclusive and equivalent to
                                      approximately HK$927,051) per month (or on a pro-rata basis
                                      based on the number of working days if the relevant period is
                                      less than one month)


                                      The above fee was determined after arm’s length negotiations
                                      between Realord EP Japan and Tsugawa Metal with reference
                                      to the staff costs of 41 workers under the technical services.
                                      The average monthly service fee charged by Tsugawa Metal
                                      per number of workers providing such technical services is (i)
                                      similar to that of the average monthly service fee charged by
                                      Tsugawa Metal per number of workers under the 2019 Service
                                      Agreement; and (ii) lower than the average income of similar
                                      workers in manufacturing industry in Osaka, Japan based on
                                      government statistics.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   37     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Overtime charge              :      (i) For overtime work required by Realord EP Japan during a
                                    business day, (a) 1.25 times of the respective hourly rate for
                                    each worker per hour in the event that the overtime work is
                                    carried out between 6 p.m. and 10 p.m.; and (b) 1.5 times of the
                                    respective hourly rate for each worker per hour in the event
                                    that the overtime work is carried out between 10:01 p.m. and 5
                                    a.m.; and (ii) For overtime work required by Realord EP Japan
                                    during a non-business day, (a) 1.35 times of the respective
                                    hourly rate for each worker per hour in the event that the
                                    overtime work is carried out between 5:01 a.m. and 10 p.m.;
                                    and (b) 1.6 times of the respective hourly rate for each worker
                                    per hour in the event that the overtime work is carried out
                                    between 10:01 p.m. and 5 a.m.


                                    The hourly rate is calculated based on the monthly salary of a
                                    worker and divided by (i) the number of working days during
                                    that month; and (ii) the number of normal working hours per
                                    working day. The overtime charge is determined in accordance
                                    with the statutory requirements for overtime compensation
                                    according to 労働局 (translated as Labour Bureau) in Japan.


                                    The monthly service fee, together with the overtime charge, are
                                    payable within five business days upon receipt of an invoice
                                    from Tsugawa Metal.


Early termination            :      Either party may terminate the service agreement by giving a
                                    15-day prior written notice. However, the parties are still
                                    required to fulfill their obligations and responsibilities under
                                    the service agreement before termination.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   38    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Processed volume               :      Tsugawa Metal agreed that the volume of scrap materials
  requirements                        processed under the service agreement shall be no less than 1,700
                                      tonnes per month (or on a pro-rata basis based on the number of
                                      working days if the relevant period is less than one month) (the
                                      “Minimum Monthly Volume”). If the scrap materials provided by
                                      Realord EP Japan are less than the agreed volume, leading to the
                                      scrap materials processed being less than such agreed Minimum
                                      Monthly Volume, the monthly service fee will remain as
                                      JPY12,300,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$927,051). Among
                                      the Minimum Monthly Volume required, (i) the copper scrap
                                      materials processed under each of the two copper rice production
                                      lines shall be no less than 350 tonnes each per month and under a
                                      shredding production line shall be no less than 500 tonnes per
                                      month respectively; and (ii) the plastic scrap materials processed
                                      under the other shredding production line shall be no less than
                                      500 tonnes per month. The allocation of the aforesaid minimum
                                      volume of major scrap materials processed and the number of
                                      workers among each of the production lines could be adjusted at
                                      the request of Realord EP Japan.


                                      Tsugawa Metal warrants that the content of processed major
                                      scrap materials in each tonne of processed waste residue shall not
                                      exceed 1%.


                                      In the event that the content in the processed major scrap
                                      materials deviates from the level specified in the processing plan
                                      as previously agreed by both parties by over 1%, Tsugawa Metal
                                      shall compensate such loss in value of processed major scrap
                                      materials to Realord EP Japan according to the respective
                                      prevailing price of processed major scrap materials in the
                                      Japanese market as at the relevant completion date of processing.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    39    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


ANNUAL CAPS
The Company has set the annual caps in relation to the technical services as follows:


Period                                                                                  Annual Caps
                                                                                               HK$


For the year ended 31 December 2020                                                        8,300,000
  (i.e. from 15 May to 31 December 2020)
For the year ended 31 December 2021                                                       13,300,000

The above annual caps were determined by the Company after having taken into account the term
of the Service Agreement during the respective financial year, the monthly service fee and the
estimate of overtime charge to be incurred for the technical services. The overtime charge to be
incurred is estimated based on (i) the estimated number of workers’ overtime hours involved to
increase the volume of scrap materials processed from the agreed Minimum Monthly Volume of
1,700 tonnes per month to 1,950 tonnes per month as a result of the potential increase in machines
productivity; and (ii) the average hourly rate per worker for overtime work estimated based on the
monthly service fee for the technical services assuming each worker works eight hours per day and
25 working days per month. The actual service fee charged under the Service Agreement was
approximately HK$6,397,000 during the year.


Full details of the above continuing connected transactions are set out in the announcements
published by the Company on 15 May 2020 and 17 August 2021 and on the website of the Stock
Exchange.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   40    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


FINANCING AGREEMENT
On 28 October 2020, a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Group, Realord Asia Pacific Securities
Limited (the “Realord APSL”) entered into a financing agreement with Dr. Lin, Madam Su, Mr. Lin
Sen and Ms. Lin Na (“Ms. Lin”) (together, the “Lin Family Members”) in relation to the provision
of securities brokerage and margin financing services (the “Financing Agreement”) from 2021 to
2023. Pursuant to the Financing Agreement, Realord APSL shall provide the IPO financing services
and margin financing services (together, the “Financing Services”) to the Lin Family Members and
their respective majority-owned companies for a term commencing from 1 January 2021 and ending
on 31 December 2023 (both days inclusive). The annual caps for each of the financial year ended 31
December 2021 and the two financial years ending 31 December 2022 and 2023 were set below.
During the year ended 31 December 2021, the IPO financing and margin financing did not exceed
the maximum daily balances.

                                                              For the
                                                          year ended        For the years ending
                                                        31 December             31 December
                                                                 2021            2022            2023
                                                          HK$’million      HK$’million     HK$’million

Maximum daily balance of:

– IPO financing
  Dr. Lin                                                        250              250             250
  Madam Su                                                       250              250             250
  Mr. Lin Sen                                                    250              250             250
  Ms. Lin                                                        250              250             250

Total                                                           1,000            1,000           1,000


– Margin financing
  Dr. Lin                                                          20              20              20
  Madam Su                                                          –               –               –
  Mr. Lin Sen                                                      20              20              20
  Ms. Lin                                                          20              20              20

Total                                                              60              60              60




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   41     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The entering into of the Financing Agreement enables Realord APSL to offer the Financing Services
to the Lin Family Members and their respective majority-owned companies from time to time,
which will allow Realord APSL to retain them as recurrent clients and increase the revenue of
Realord APSL. A larger client portfolio of Realord APSL as a whole would also facilitate Realord
APSL in obtaining more fundings from principal banks to support its business development.


Dr. Lin and Madam Su are executive Directors and spouse to each other. Dr. Lin and Madam Su
respectively holds 70% and 30% of the equity interests in Manureen Holdings, the controlling
shareholder of the Company. Mr. Lin Sen is a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company
(including Realord APSL), the son of Dr. Lin and Madam Su, and the brother of Ms. Lin. Ms. Lin is
the daughter of Dr. Lin and Madam Su, and the sister of Mr. Lin Sen. By virtue of the aforesaid
relationships of Dr. Lin, Madam Su and Mr. Lin Sen with the Group and Ms. Lin as an associate of
each of them, each of the Lin Family Members is a connected person of the Company under
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


Details of the above continuing connected transactions are set out in the circular of the Company
dated 1 December 2020.


In accordance with Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, the independent non-executive directors of the
Company reviewed the continuing connected transactions as mentioned above and confirmed that
these transactions were entered into:


(1)   in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;


(2)   on normal commercial terms or better; and


(3)   according to the relevant agreement governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable
      and in the interests of the shareholders of the Group as a whole.


Pursuant to Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Company’s external auditors, Grant Thornton
Hong Kong Limited (“Grant Thornton”) was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing
connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000
(Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial
Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected
Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants. Grant Thornton has issued an unqualified letter containing findings and
conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed by the Group in the
paragraph above in accordance with rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules. A copy of the auditor’s letter
has been provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   42    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Save as disclosed above and in the section headed “Material Connected Transactions” in this
report, the Company did not have any connected transactions and continuing connected
transactions which were subject to the disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing
Rules during the year. For those related party transactions of the Group during the year as
disclosed in note 52 to the consolidated financial statements, all were connected or continuing
connected transactions (as the case may be) which were fully exempted from the disclosure
requirements for reporting, announcement and independent Shareholders’ approval under Chapter
14A of the Listing Rules. The Company confirmed it has complied with the disclosure requirements
in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the directors,
the Company had maintained a sufficient public float of not less than 25% of the Company’s total
issued shares as required under the Listing Rules throughout the year under review.


DONATIONS
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group has made donation of approximately HK$503,000
(2020: Nil)


AUDITOR
Grant Thornton Hong Kong Limited has been appointed as the Company’s auditor on 15 January
2020 following the resignation of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. Save as disclosed above, there was no
other change of the auditor of the Company in any of the preceding three years.


The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 of the Group have been
audited by Grant Thornton Hong Kong Limited, who will retire and, being eligible, offer
themselves for re-appointment at the forthcoming annual general meeting.


For and on behalf of the Board



Lin Xiaohui
Chairman


Hong Kong, 31 March 2022




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   43     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Company is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance practices. In the
opinion of the directors, the Company has complied all code provisions (the “Code Provisions”) in
the Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”) set out in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules for the
year ended 31 December 2021.


Non-Compliance With Rules 3.10(1) And 3.21 Of The Listing Rules During The Year Ended 31
December 2021
As announced by the Company dated 15 September 2021, Dr. Li Jue resigned as the independent
non-executive director and ceased to be the chairman of the Remuneration Committee and the
member of the Audit Committee. Following the resignation of Dr. Li Jue, the Board comprised only
two independent non-executive directors and failed to meet the requirements of (a) at least three
independent non-executive directors on the Board under Rule 3.10(1) of the Listing Rules; and (b)
Audit Committee comprising only non-executive directors with a minimum of three members
under Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules.


Following the appointment of Mr. Ho Chun Chung Patrick on 8 March 2022, the Company had
complied with the requirements under Rules 3.10(1) and 3.21 of the Listing Rules. For details,
please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 15 September 2021, 15 December 2021
and 8 March 2022, respectively.


DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding directors’ securities transactions on terms
set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
Code”) contained in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules. Having made specific enquiry of all
directors of the Company, they have confirmed compliance with the required standard set out in
the Model Code during the year ended 31 December 2021.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Company is governed by a board of directors (the “Board”) which has the responsibility for
leadership and monitoring of the Company. The directors are collectively responsible for
promoting the success of the Group by directing and supervising the Group’s affairs. The Board set
strategies and directions for the Group’s activities with a view to develop its business and to
enhance shareholders’ value.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   44   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Board held 8 times Board Meetings during the year ended 31 December 2021. Its composition
and the attendance of individual directors at these Board meetings were follows:


                                                                                         Number of
                                                                                     Board meetings
Name                                                                                  attended/held

Executive directors
Dr. Lin Xiaohui (Chairman)                                                                        8/8
Madam Su Jiaohua (Chief Executive Officer)                                                        8/8
Mr. Lin Xiaodong                                                                                  8/8


Independent non-executive directors
Mr. Yu Leung Fai                                                                                  8/8
Mr. Fang Jixin                                                                                    8/8
Mr. Ho Chun Chung Patrick (appointed on 8 March 2022)                                            N/A
Dr. Li Jue (resigned on 15 September 2021)                                                        7/7

Dr. Lin Xiaohui and Madam Su Jiaohua are spouses.
Dr. Lin Xiaohui and Mr. Lin Xiaodong are brothers.


To the best knowledge of the Company and save as disclosed above, there is no financial, business
and family relationship among members of the Board.


DIRECTORS’ TRAINING
All directors participate in continuous professional development to enhance and refresh their
knowledge and skills. During the year ended 31 December 2021, all directors had provided the
Company their training records. All directors participated in continuous professional development
exercise by way of attending seminars/conferences/forums organised by professional
organisations and keep themselves updates on the roles, functions and duties of a listed company
directors. The trainings attended by the directors are in the area of corporate governance,
regulatory development, financial management or business skills and knowledge. The Company is
of the view that all directors of the Company has compiled with Code Provision A.6.5.


CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
The roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company are separated, with a clear
division of responsibilities to assume a balance of authority and power.


The Chairman is responsible for the leadership of the Board, ensuring its effectiveness in all aspects
of its role and for setting its agenda and taking into account any matters proposed by other
directors for inclusion in the agenda. Through the Board, he is responsible for ensuring that good
corporate governance practices and procedures are followed by the Group.


The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Group’s business.


                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   45     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Group benefits from the experience and expertise of the independent non-executive directors
of the Company. They advise the Company on strategy development and enable the Board to
maintain high standards of compliance of financial and other mandatory requirements. Each
independent non-executive director of the Company gives an annual confirmation of the
independence to the Company and the Company considers them to be independent under Rule
3.13 of the Listing Rules.


All the independent non-executive directors of the Company are not appointed for a specific term
but are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at the Company’s annual general meetings
in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company, which stipulate that one-third of the directors
shall retire from office by rotation so that each director shall be subject to retirement at least once
every three years.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS
The Board is responsible for the following corporate governance functions:

•     to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and
      make recommendations to the Board;

•     to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors
      and senior management;

•     to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and
      regulatory requirements;

•     to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any)
      applicable to employees and Directors;

•     to review the Company’s compliance with the Code Provisions and disclosure in the
      Corporate Governance Report; and

•     such other corporate governance and functions set out in the Code Provisions (as amended
      from time to time) for which the Board are responsible.

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
During the year ended 31 December 2021, the members of the Remuneration Committee comprised
one executive director and two independent non-executive directors of the Company, namely
Mr. Fang Jixin (Chairman), Mr. Yu Leung Fai, Dr. Lin Xiaohui and Dr. Li Jue (the former chairman).
Mr. Fang Jixin has been appointed as the chairman of the Remuneration Committee of the Board in
replace of Dr. Li Jue with effective from 15 September 2021. The terms of reference of the
Remuneration Committee have been determined with reference to the Code.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    46    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Remuneration Committee held one time Meeting during the year ended 31 December 2021.
Directors and other related matters, and the attendance record, on a named basis, is set out below:

                                                                                            Meeting
Remuneration Committee Members                                                        attended/held


Mr. Fang Jixin (Chairman) (appointed on 15 September 2021)                                      N/A
Mr. Yu Leung Fai                                                                                 1/1
Mr. Lin Xiaohui                                                                                  1/1
Dr. Li Jue (Chairman) (resigned on 15 September 2021)                                            1/1

The Remuneration Committee is mainly responsible for making recommendations to the Board on
the Company’s remuneration policy and structure for all directors and senior management. During
the year ended 31 December 2021, the Remuneration Committee has reviewed the Group’s
remuneration policy, including the policy for the remuneration of executive directors in accordance
with Code Provision B.1.2(c)(ii), the levels of remuneration paid to executive directors and senior
management of the Group.

NOMINATION OF DIRECTORS
During the year ended 31 December 2021, the members of the Nomination Committee comprised
one executive director and two independent non-executive directors of the Company, namely Dr.
Lin Xiaohui (Chairman), Mr. Yu Leung Fai and Mr. Fang Jixin. The terms of reference of the
Nomination Committee have been determined with reference to the Code.

The Nomination Committee is mainly responsible for reviewing the structure, size and composition
of the Board at least annually, making recommendations on the procedures and criteria for
appointment of Directors and implementing those that are adopted by the Board.

The nomination policy of the Company specifies the selection criteria of Directors including but not
limited to the following:

•     Character and integrity;

•     Qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience that are
      relevant to the Company’s business and corporate strategy;

•     Diversity in all aspects, including but not limited to gender, age (18 years or above) cultural
      and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length
      of service;

•     Requirements of independent non-executive directors on the Board and independence of the
      proposed independent non-executive directors in accordance with the Listing Rules; and

•     Commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest to discharge duties as a
      member of the Board and/or Board committee(s) of the Company.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   47   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


AUDIT COMMITTEE
During the year ended 31 December 2021, the members of the Audit Committee comprised three
independent non-executive directors of the Company, namely Mr. Yu Leung Fai (Chairman),
Mr. Fang Jixin and Dr. Li Jue. Dr. Li Jue resigned on 15 September 2021. The terms of reference of
the Audit Committee follow the guidelines set out in the Code.

The Audit Committee held two times Meetings during the year ended 31 December 2021. Directors
and other related matters, and the attendance record, on a named basis, is set out below:

                                                                                        Meetings
Audit Committee Members                                                             attended/held


Mr. Yu Leung Fai (Chairman)                                                                   2/2
Mr. Fang Jixin                                                                                2/2
Mr. Ho Chun Chung Patrick (appointed on 8 March 2022)                                        N/A
Dr. Li Jue (resigned on 15 September 2021)                                                    2/2

During the year, the Audit Committee had reviewed the Group’s interim and annual results, risk
management and internal control system and financial reporting matters. The Audit Committee
oversees the overall financial reporting process as well as the adequacy and effectiveness of the
Company’s internal control procedures.

ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
Financial Reporting
The directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the consolidated financial statements
of the Company, which give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group on a going
concern basis. As at 31 December 2021, the directors are not aware of any material uncertainties
relating to events or conditions which may cast significant doubt upon the Company’s ability to
continue as a going concern. Accordingly, the directors have prepared the consolidated financial
statements of the Company on a going-concern basis.

The responsibilities of the external auditors about their financial reporting are set out in the
Independent Auditor’s Report.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   48   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS
The Board acknowledges its responsibility to ensure that an appropriate and effective risk
management and internal control systems are maintained so as to safeguard the Group’s assets and
the interests of the Shareholders. The Board has developed its risk management and internal
control systems, and is also responsible for overseeing the performance of the risk management
and internal control system on an ongoing basis. Such systems, however, are designed to manage
rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide
reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.


During the year, the Board has, through Audit Committee, conducted a review on the adequacy
and effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems of the Group, which covered
financial, compliance and operational controls as well as risk management mechanisms. The Board
also reviewed the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications for those who are responsible for
accounting and financial reporting function and experience, training programmes and budget of
the Group’s accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions. The internal auditor of the
Group has performed an independent review on the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk
management and internal control systems of the Group. The review results has been properly
reported to the Audit Committee.


The Board has established a policy and guideline on the procedures and internal controls for the
handling and dissemination of inside information, which stipulated the duties and responsibilities
of inside information announcement, restriction on sharing non-public information, handling of
rumours, unintentional selective disclosure, exemption and wavier to the disclosure of inside
information, and also compliance and reporting procedures.


Based on the internal control reviews conducted in 2021, no significant control deficiency was
identified.


AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
For the year ended 31 December 2021, fees paid/payable to the Company’s external auditors for
annual audit services totalled HK$5,400,000 (year ended 31 December 2020: HK$3,600,000). For
other audit/review-related services, the fees amounted to HK$1,121,000 (year ended 31 December
2020: HK$630,000).


COMPANY SECRETARY
The Company Secretary is to ensure there is a good information flow within the Board and between
the Board and senior management, provide advice to the Board in relation to directors’ obligations
under the Listing Rules and applicable laws and regulations and assist the Board in implementing
the corporate governance practices. The Company Secretary confirmed that he has taken not less
than 15 hours of relevant professional training during the year ended 31 December 2021 and has
provided training record to the Company indicating his compliance with the training requirement
under the Listing Rules. The Company is of the view that the Company Secretary has compiled
with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.



                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   49    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
The Bye-laws of the Company has been amended at the 2012 annual general meeting held on 10
August 2012 so as to bring the Bye-laws in line with the current revised requirements of the Listing
Rule and certain changes to the laws of Bermuda. The amendments were disclosed in details on
pages 32 to 36 of the Company’s circular to shareholders dated 11 July 2012 published on the
websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.


An updated version of the Bye-laws of the Company is available on the website of the Company
(www.realord.com.hk) and the Stock Exchange (http://www.hkexnews.hk/index.htm).


DIVIDEND POLICY
The payment and the amount of any dividends will be at the discretion of our Directors and will
depend upon our future operations and earnings, acquisitions, capital requirements and surplus,
general financial conditions, contractual restrictions and other factors which our Directors deem
relevant.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Convenes a special general meeting of the Company
Pursuant to Bye-law 58 of the Company, shareholder(s) holding at the date of deposit of the
requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company carrying the right of
voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition
to the Board or the Company Secretary of the Company, to require a special general meeting to be
called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such
meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within twenty-one
days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting the requisitionists
themselves may convene a special general meeting.


Enquiries to the Board
Shareholder(s) may at any time send their enquires to the Board in writing through the Company
Secretary whose contact details are as follows:


Company Secretary
Realord Group Holdings Limited
Suites 2403-2410
24/F, Jardine House
1 Connaught Place
Central, Hong Kong




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    50   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Procedures for putting forward proposals at general meetings
The following shareholder(s) are entitled to put forward a proposal (which may properly be put to
the meeting) for consideration at a general meeting of the Company:


1.    any shareholder(s) representing not less than one-twentieth of the total voting rights of the
      Company on the date of the requisition; or


2.    not less than one hundred shareholders.


The requisition specifying the proposal, duly signed by the shareholders concerned, together with
a statement with respect to the matter referred to in the proposal must be deposited at the
registered office of the Company in the case of:


(1)   a requisition requiring notice of a resolution, not less than six weeks before the meeting; and


(2)   any other requisition, not less than one week before the meeting.


The Company would take appropriate actions and make necessary arrangements, and the
shareholders concerned would be responsible for the expenses incurred in giving effect thereto in
accordance with the requirements under Sections 79 and 80 of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda
(as amended) once valid documents received.


COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
The Company endeavors to develop and maintain continuing relationships and effective
communications with its shareholders and investors. To facilitate and enhance the relationships
and communication, the Company has established, including but not limited to, the following
various channels:


1.    annual general meeting provides a forum for shareholders of the Company to raise comments
      and exchange views with the Board. The Chairman and the directors are available at annual
      general meetings to address shareholders’ queries;


2.    separate resolutions are proposed at general meetings on each substantially separate issue to
      facilitate the enforcement of shareholders’ rights. Pursuant to rule 13.39(4) of the Listing
      Rules, any vote of shareholders at a general meeting must be taken by poll. As such, all
      resolutions set out in the notice of the annual general meeting of the Company will be voted
      by poll;


3.    interim and annual results are announced as early as possible so that the shareholders are
      kept informed of the Group’s performance and operations; and


4.    corporate website www.realord.com.hk contains extensive information and updates on the
      Company’s business.

                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    51   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


OVERVIEW
Realord Group Holdings Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group” or
“we”) is a conglomerate listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
(the “Stock Exchange”), which included the Property Segment, the Financial Services Segment, the
EP Segment, the MVP Segment, the Commercial Printing Segment, the Hangtag Segment, and the
Department Store Segment with geographic coverage in Hong Kong, the People’s Republic of
China (the “PRC”), Japan, the Latin America and the Caribbean.


This Environmental, Social and Governance Report (the “ESG Report”) summarises the
environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) initiatives, plans and performances of the Group
and demonstrates its commitment to sustainable development during the reporting period from 1
January 2021 to 31 December 2021 (the “Reporting Period”).


The ESG Report has been prepared in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance
Reporting Guide (the “ESG Reporting Guide”) as set out in Appendix 27 of the Rules Governing
the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”).


THE ESG GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE
The Group conducts a top-down management approach regarding its ESG issues. The board of
directors (the “Board”) oversees and sets out ESG strategy for the Group. The Board is also
responsible for ensuring the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control
mechanisms. To develop a systematic management approach for ESG issues, the Group has
arranged designated personnel from various departments to manage the Group’s ESG matters as a
working group. The working group is responsible for collecting relevant information on the ESG
aspects for the preparation of the ESG Report. It periodically reports to the Board, assists in
identifying and assessing the Group’s ESG risk, and evaluates the implementation and effectiveness
of the Group’s internal control system, to evaluate, prioritise and manage material ESG-related
issues. It also examines and reviews the Group’s ESG performance against the Group’s ESG-related
goals and targets, including environmental, labour practices, and other ESG aspects.


REPORTING SCOPE
The reporting scope of this ESG Report covers the below business segments:


1)    Office of holding company located in Hong Kong;
2)    Commercial printing segment located in Hong Kong;
3)    Distribution and sales of motor vehicle parts in Hong Kong;
4)    Financial services segment in Hong Kong;
5)    Property investment, development and commercial operation in Shenzhen, China;
6)    Environmental protection industry in Japan and Guangxi, China;
7)    Department store in Hong Kong; and
8)    Caribbean Education Group in the Latin America and the Caribbean.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   52     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


The change in reporting scope from last year mainly due to the acquisition of The Sincere Company
Limited (“Sincere”) (stock code: 0244) and Caribbean Education Group. Due to the development of
data collection system, the Group has enhanced the scope of reporting to main business segments
during the Reporting Period.


The environmental data for Caribbean Education Group is not included as the Group considered
the environmental data for this business segment was minimal.


REPORTING PRINCIPLES
We have taken the following reporting principles into account in development of this ESG Report:


Materiality
We regularly engage our stakeholders to better understand their concerns relating to sustainability
issues that affect them. We also make regular reference to our peers and both local and regional
sustainability criteria when we review our sustainability context, materiality and disclosures in
order to keep our sustainability priorities and strategy relevant. The Board and the management
regularly review the sustainability issues that are most significant to our business and operations,
and consider the issues discussed in this Report to be material to the Group.


Quantitative
For the quantitative information we report on, we provide explanation on how we collect and
analyse relevant data in appropriate circumstances. The environmental key performance indicators
include the disclosure of comparative data to allow stakeholders to make analysis based on our
performance.


Balance
We aim to keep our report balanced and make fair disclosures on critical aspects of our
performance, both in terms of progress made and continuing challenges that we are dealing with.


Consistency
We have reported in accordance with the ESG Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange, which
allows for year-to-year comparison with our previous performance. This year, the Group has
widened the scope of the ESG report to all main business segments from Shenzhen Office and
Environmental Protection Industry only. With the new acquisitions and newly added business
segments, the data for the Reporting Period may cause inconsistency to the year ended 31
December 2020.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   53   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


COMMUNICATION WITH STAKEHOLDERS
The Group strives to accommodate views and interests of stakeholders (including but not limited
to shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers, regulatory authorities and the public) through
constructive communications with them to determine the direction of the Group’s long-term
development and maintain close relationships with stakeholders. The financial performance of the
Group are summarised in the Group’s interim report and annual report and reported to investors
through the Group’s official website (www.realord.com.hk).

Stakeholders               Possible issues of concern            Communication channels

The Board                  •   Corporate governance              •   Board meetings
                           •   Regulatory compliance             •   Committee meetings
                           •   Financial performance             •   Annual general meeting
                           •   Strategic development             •   Emails

Shareholders               • Corporate governance system         • Annual general meeting and other
  and investors            • Business strategies and                 shareholder meetings
                               performance                       • Financial reports
                           • Investment returns                  • Announcements and circulars
                                                                 • Company website and email

Customers                  •   Good customer service             • Customer service hotline
                           •   Reasonable prices                 • Interim and annual reports,
                           •   Privacy protection                    corporate websites
                           •   Business integrity and ethics     • Regular meetings and
                                                                   communication

Employees                  •   Remuneration and compensation • Training
                           •   Equal opportunities           • Employee handbook
                           •   Career development            • Staff appraisals
                           •   Health and safety

Suppliers                  • Payment schedule                    • Emails
                           • Stable demand                       • Regular assessment of suppliers’
                           • Fair and open tendering                 performance
                                                                 • Supplier management meetings
                                                                     and events

Regulatory bodies and      • Regulatory compliance               • Interaction and visits
  government               • Prevention of tax evasion           • Government inspections
  authorities              • Social welfare                      • Compliance advisor


Media, community and • Environmental protection                  •   Community activities
 the public          • Employment and community                  •   Employee voluntary activities
                         development                             •   ESG reports
                     • Social welfare                            •   Media

We aim to collaborate with our stakeholders to improve our ESG performance and create greater
value for the wider community continuously.

                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    54    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT
The Group’s management and staff in major functions are involved in the preparation of the ESG
Report. They have assisted the Group to review its operations, identify key ESG issues, and
assessed the importance of those relevant matters to our business and stakeholders. The Group has
compiled a survey in accordance with the identified material ESG issues to collect information from
relevant departments, business units, and stakeholders of the Group. The following matrix is a
summary of the Group’s material ESG issues:



                                                                                                            MATERIALITY MATRIX




         LEVEL OF INFLUENCE ON STAKEHOLDERS’ ASSESSMENTS & DECISIONS
                                                                                                                                                          5. Green Operations


                                                                                                                                                                                                           14. Customer Data Protection
                                                                                                                                        12. Product Responsibility


                                                                                                                                                6. Employment Practices
                                                                                                                                                                                                   16. Community Investment

                                                                              8. Development and Training                                                       11. Sustainable Supply Chain


                                                                                                                                                                                            4. Water Management
                                                                                             15. Anti-Corruption


                                                                                                                                                                                             3. Energy Management

                                                                                                               7. Health and Safety

                                                                                                                                                                                                            10. Supplier Appointment
                                                                                                            9. Prevention of Child and Forced
                                                                                                                          Labour
                                                                                                                                                                 13. After-sale Service                      2. Waste Management

                                                                                                                                                                     1. Emissions Control




                                                                                           LEVEL OF SIGNIFICANCE OF ECONOMIC, ENVIRONMENTAL & SOCIAL IMPACTS




During the Reporting Period, the Group confirmed that it has established appropriate and effective
management policies and internal control systems for ESG issues and confirmed that the disclosed
contents comply with the requirements of the ESG Reporting Guide.


CONTACT US
We treasure your feedback and comments on our sustainability performance. You can provide
valuable advice in respect of the ESG Report or the Group’s performance in sustainable
development by writing us to Suites 2403-10, 24/F, Jardine House, 1 Connaught Place, Central,
Hong Kong.




                                                                       REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                                     55             ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


A.   ENVIRONMENTAL
     A1.   Emissions
           Environmental protection and sustainable development rely on concerted efforts
           from all industries and society. Engaging into various businesses, we strive to
           integrate environmental sustainability into our business operations and are
           committed to reducing our environmental footprint.


           Due to our business nature, we recognise that our day-to-day operations can impact
           both, directly and indirectly, the environment. Therefore, we have formulated the
           Environmental Policy to protect and improve the environment and promote
           sustainability within our business. We constantly uphold the principles of emission
           reduction and resource efficiency in our environmental management approaches by
           implementing measures and adopting best practices that promote energy efficiency,
           wastes reduction, and other green initiatives. The Group is also committed to
           educating our employees in raising their awareness of environmental protection
           and complying with relevant environmental laws and regulations. Within our
           policy framework, we continually look for opportunities to pursue environmentally
           friendly initiatives and enhance our environmental performance by reducing energy
           consumption and the use of other resources.


           During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any material
           non-compliance with environmental related laws and regulations that would have a
           significant impact on the Group, such as the Environmental Protection Law of the
           People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國環境保護法》) and The Basic
           Environment Law in Japan. During the Reporting Period, there was no case of
           prosecution against the Group in relation to the violation of environmental laws.




              REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   56   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     EMISSIONS CONTROL
     Air and Exhaust Gas Emissions
     All our operating locations strictly comply with the Law of the People’s Republic of
     China on the Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution (《中華人民共和國大
     氣污染防治法》) and Air Pollution Control Act in Japan and emission standards
     specified by different provinces and cities, to keep the exhaust emissions within the
     thresholds under relevant laws and regulations, and minimise the impact on
     neighbouring regions.


     The air pollutant we generated is mainly due to automobile emissions of the Group.
     Therefore, we have been focusing on the exhaust emissions of various equipment
     and has implemented a series of emission control such as arranging regular
     repairment and maintenance for the Group’s automobiles, maintaining engines and
     other mechanical systems in proper condition to improve fuel efficiency and reduce
     pollutant emissions. In order to minimise exhaust emissions, the Group has
     prepared to replace traditional diesel vehicles with energy saving vehicles
     gradually amidst the business growth of the Group, expecting to slow down the
     emission.


     In view of the impact of wasted gas produced by waste plastics processing
     machines on the surrounding environment, the Group has installed a gas collecting
     and extracting device at the exhaust outlet of the waste processing machinery in
     our Japan Recycling Yard. The device with the activated carbon fiber adsorption
     technology is to discharge waste gas after it is being collected and processed. In
     addition, the Group also focuses on improving the ventilation in the workshops,
     reducing the concentration of exhaust gas in the workshops effectively through
     air-diluting. After being processed and purified, relevant exhaust gas has already
     met the standards of the Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention
     and Control of Atmospheric Pollution (《中華人民共和國大氣污染防治法》) and Air
     Pollution Control Act in Japan that effectively safeguard employees’ occupational
     health.


     The table below sets out the Group’s exhaust emissions in the last two reporting
     years:

     Types of exhaust gas                     Unit                         Emissions
                                                                       2021          2020

     Nitrogen oxides (NOx)                    kg                     246.24          20.94
     Sulphur oxides (SOx)                     kg                       0.81           0.27
     Particulate Matter (PM)                  kg                      23.23           1.53

     The expansion of scope of the ESG Report has caused the increase of exhaust gas
     emissions.


        REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   57     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     GHG Emissions
     It is an indisputable fact that global warming is becoming more and more serious.
     The Group has been paying attention to climate change issues. In this regard, it
     seeks to take the optimal measures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from
     business operations and combat climate change. We also conduct data monitoring
     to identify and classify sources of greenhouse gas emissions in accordance with
     requirements and guidelines of the Stock Exchange, so as to compare the data
     performance of various sources.


     We also conduct data monitoring to identify and classify sources of greenhouse gas
     emissions in accordance with requirements and guidelines of the Stock Exchange,
     so as to compare the data performance of various sources.


     Through the implementation of such measures, employees’ awareness of reducing
     GHG emissions has been noted to have increased. However, the total GHG
     emissions intensity of the Group in 2021 has increased by approximately 20.2%
     from 2020 mainly due to expansion of business scales in Japan Recycling Yard.


     The Group has set the emission target to maintain the total GHG emission intensity
     level in FY2022 as in FY2021 (FY2021: approximately 3.92 tCO 2e per employee). In
     order to achieve this emission target, the Group has implemented a number of
     energy-saving measures. For measures on energy conservation and emission
     reduction, please refer to the section headed “Use of Resources”.


     The table below sets out the total GHG emissions and intensity of the Group in the
     last two reporting years:


     Indicators1                               Unit                         Emissions
                                                                         2021           2020


     Scope 1 – Direct GHG emissions
     • Fuel consumed by                        tCO2e                 285.75             48.11
         vehicles and machinery
     Scope 2 – Indirect GHG emissions
     • Purchased electricity                   tCO2e                1,755.17        245.41
     Total GHG emissions                       tCO2e                2,040.92        293.52
     Total GHG emissions intensity   2
                                               tCO2e/no. of              3.92            3.26
                                                 employee




         REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   58   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Note:

     1.      GHG emission data is presented in terms of carbon dioxide equivalent and are based on,
             but not limited to, “The Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting
             Standards” issued by the World Resources Institute and the World Business Council for
             Sustainable Development, “How to prepare an ESG Report – Appendix II: Reporting
             Guidance on Environmental KPIs” issued by the HKEX, the latest published Baseline
             Emission Factors for Regional Power Grids in China and the latest published emission
             factors of Japan.

     2.      As at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, the Group had 521 and 90 employees
             under the specified ESG reporting scope respectively. The data is also used for calculating
             other intensity data.


     NOISE POLLUTION MANAGEMENT
     In accordance with the standards of the Law of the People’s Republic of China on
     the Prevention and Control of Pollution from Environmental Noise (《中華人民共和
     國環境噪聲污染防治法》) and Noise Regulation Law in Japan, the Group adopted
     enclosed design for its Japan Recycling Yard and set up sound barriers to prevent
     noise and from affecting the surrounding environment during operation.


     SEWAGE DISCHARGE
     Due to the Group’s business nature, the sewage discharge into land is insignificant.
     Similarly, there was no significant and unreasonable amount of sewage water
     discharged; used water was discharged to the municipal sewage network to the
     regional water treatment plant.


     WASTE MANAGEMENT
     The Group develops and implements strict management measures for waste
     generated in the production process in reference to the List of National Hazardous
     Wastes (《國家危險廢物名錄》), the Prevention and Control of Environmental
     Pollution by Solid Waste (《中華人民共和國固體廢物污染環境防治法》) and the
     Management Measures for Transfer Forms of Hazardous Waste (《危險廢物轉移聯單
     管理辦法》), The Basel Law and Waste Management and Public Cleansing Law in
     Japan, to systematically identify environmental factors of production process and
     made detailed guidelines of waste management available.




          REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       59     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Hazardous Waste Management
     The hazardous wastes generated during the operation of the Group’s Japan
     Recycling Yard mainly involve waste machine oil, circuit boards, scrap rubber,
     activated carbon, etc. The Group strictly complies with the regulations and
     requirements in the Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and
     Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste (《中華人民共和國固體廢棄物環
     境污染防治法》) and the Administrative Measures for Hazardous Waste Transfer
     Manifest (《危險廢物轉移聯單管理辦法》) and The Basel Law in Japan on hazardous
     waste disposal in the course of centralised collection and temporary storage
     management of hazardous wastes, and have entered into service agreements with
     qualified waste disposal companies designated by local governments to assist the
     Group in proper disposal of all hazardous wastes. During the Reporting Period, all
     of the hazardous wastes were legally disposed of by a licenced hazardous waste
     collector.


     Non-Hazardous Waste Management
     The Group adopts the 5R (i.e. Refuse, Reduce, Reuse, Repair and Recycle)
     management strategy for the management of non-hazardous waste. The Group’s
     Japan Recycling Yard has set up a recycling center where employees collect, mark
     and separate different types of solid waste in accordance with the Law on
     Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste (《固體廢物污染
     環境防治法》), and the Administrative Measures for Municipal Domestic Waste
     (《城市生活垃圾管理辦法》) and The Basel Law in Japan.


     The reusable waste, including paper, plastic, and metal, will be sent to recycling
     agencies for proper treatment. We endeavour to improve the recycling rate and
     achieve the highest resource efficiency through internal operation management,
     publicity, training, labelling, classification, recycling, and other policy controls. In
     addition, in order to improve the efficiency of energy and resource use, the Group
     regularly engages qualified professional agencies to carry out environmental
     monitoring, and from time to time invites environmental experts to propose
     improvement plans which will be studies and implemented. To effectively control
     the paper usage and its subsequence disposal, the Group has implemented related
     reduction initiatives, which can be found in “Aspect A3–The Environment and
     Natural Resources”.


     Due to such measures, employees’ awareness of reducing waste disposal has been
     noted to have increased. The total amount of non-hazardous waste intensity in 2021
     has decreased by approximately 57.14% from 2020.




         REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   60    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


        The table below sets out the non-hazardous wastes’ total volume and intensity of
        the Group in the last two reporting years:


        Types of non-hazardous waste              Unit                     Disposal Amount
                                                                          2021           2020


        Total non-hazardous wastes disposed       tonnes                  16.13           6.37
        Total non-hazardous wastes intensity      tonnes/no. of            0.03           0.07
                                                    employees

        The Group has set a target for waste generation to maintain the total paper disposal
        intensity level in FY2022 as in FY2021 (FY2021: approximately 0.03 tonnes per
        employee). In order to achieve this waste disposal target, the Group has adopted green
        office practices to reduce paper consumption. The Group has implemented an
        electronic office system to encourage the use of electronic forms for internal
        communication, such as business trip application and expense reimbursement
        application. In addition, the Group has set duplex printing as the default mode for
        printers.


  A2.   Use of Resources
        In order to use all resources including energy, water, and other natural resources
        more effectively and prudently, we continuously invest in the upgradation and
        improvement of technologies and equipment, energy-saving and consumption
        reduction, as well as environmentally friendly facilities, so that it can utilise the
        resources more efficiently and, to some extent, reduce the consumption of various
        resources.


        ENERGY MANAGEMENT
        As a socially responsible company, we advocate the use of energy-saving, efficient
        and environmental-friendly construction equipment, machinery and tools and office
        appliances recommended by the state and the industry. For energy conservation,
        we require contractors to adopt various energy-saving measures during
        construction. Meanwhile, we continuously update the latest environmental news to
        optimise the existing services, so as to reduce environmental pollution.




            REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   61     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The energy conservation measures we have undertaken in 2021 are as follows:


     Energy conservation measures
     (1)     It is planned to gradually replace the existing office and warehouse lighting
             with LED lighting, which can lower power consumption and reduce
             hazardous waste from replacement of short-lived traditional lighting fixtures.


     (2)     All employees are required to participate in energy saving and emission
             reduction actions; employees are educated to properly use office electrical
             equipment including lighting, electric fans, air conditioners and other
             facilities, to turn off the equipment not in use in their responsible areas, and
             to check and ensure that all energy-consuming equipment is turned off before
             leaving work. In addition, the Group disseminates knowledge of energy
             conservation and emission reduction to encourage employees to develop
             energy-saving and environment-friendly work habits.


     (3)     It is required to set the air conditioning temperature at 25 degrees to avoid
             waste of energy.


     (4)     Office equipment (such as refrigerators and air conditioners) is cleaned on a
             regular basis to improve operational efficiency.


     (5)     Environment-friendly and energy-efficient appliances and equipment are
             preferred.


     Through the implementation of such measures, employees’ awareness of reducing
     energy use has been noted to have increased. However, the total energy
     consumption intensity in 2021 has been increased by approximately 8.74% from
     2020 mainly due to change of scope of ESG Report and expansion of business scales
     in Japan Recycling Yard.




           REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   62   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The table below sets out the total energy consumptions and intensity of the Group
     in the last two reporting years:


     Types of energy                              Unit                             Consumption
                                                                                2021          2020


     Direct energy consumption1                   kWh                    1,370,627.44   175,642.231
          Diesel                                  kWh                    1,097,254.97     3,466.14
          Petrol                                  kWh                     273,372.47    172,176.09
     Indirect energy consumption                  kWh                    2,641,342.45   461,683.00
          Purchased electricity                   kWh                    2,641,342.45   461,683.00
     Total energy consumption                     kWh                    4,011,969.89   637,352.23
     Total energy consumption intensity           kWh/No. of
                                                   employees                 7,700.52     7,081.69

     Note:

     1.      Actual petrol consumption was approximately 28,207.86 and 17,765.94 litres in 2021 and
             2020 respectively. Actual diesel consumption was 102,516.20 litres in 2021.


     The Group has set an energy use efficiency target to maintain the total energy
     consumption intensity level in FY2022 as in FY2021 (2021: approximately 7.70 MWh
     per employee). The Group has implemented above number of energy-saving
     measures in order to achieve this energy reduction target.


     WATER MANAGEMENT
     Water is one of our most important natural resources. In order to cherish the
     precious water resources, the Group makes every effort to maximise the water
     resources used in its business operations. We actively promote the concept of
     valuing water to employees and maintain in good condition, so as to achieve our
     goal of water saving. In particular, Japan Recycling Yard has implemented the reuse
     of water resources, as the water used in washing clothes and hands in the staff
     dormitory are collected for flushing toilets.


     Through the implementation of such measures, employees’ awareness of reducing
     water consumption has been noted to have increased. The total water consumption
     in 2021 has been decreased by 4.68% from 2020 due to less water consumption with
     the water saving measure adopted.




           REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    63     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


        The table below sets out the total water consumptions and intensity of the Group in
        the last two reporting years:


        Indicator                                 Unit                         Consumption
                                                                            2021        2020


        Water consumption                         m3                     7,106.61    1,287.60
        Water consumption intensity               m /no. of
                                                   3


                                                    employees              13.64        14.31

        Due to the Group’s business nature, the Group did not encounter any problem in
        sourcing water that is fit for purpose.


        The Group has set a water use efficiency target to maintain the water consumption
        intensity level in FY2022 as in FY2021 (2021: approximately 13.64 m 3 per employee).
        The Group has implemented the water-saving measures above in order to achieve
        this water use efficiency reduction target.


        PACKAGING MATERIAL
        The packaging materials of the Group are mainly consumed by the business
        segment of Sincere. Reducing the packaging material bring both the environmental
        and economic benefit. The Group is dedicated to optimise the design of the
        packaging such that it can deliver against key performance criteria while using the
        least amount of packaging material. The Company measures different types of
        material used to gauge our environmental performance. The following tables show
        the figures of material consumption of packaging materials:


        Indicator                                 Unit                         Consumption
                                                                            2021        2020


        Plastic Bag                               pieces                  91,300        N/A
        Carton Box                                pieces                     166        N/A

  A3.   The Environment and Natural Resources
        The Group integrates environmental responsibility into its daily business
        operations. Accordingly, the Group promotes green operations and green
        procurement policy to reduce environmental impact and the consumption of natural
        resources.




            REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   64     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     NATURAL RESOURCE PROTECTION
     To reduce the consumption of paper, a main type of natural resource consumed by
     the Group, we encourage our employees to transmit information electronically and
     process documents on computers as much as possible, and require them to print on
     both sides as far as possible. The number of company envelopes, portfolios,
     brochures, etc. for internal use is also verified to avoid overprinting. For reusable
     and recyclable resources in waste, such as waste paper and printer ink cartridges,
     we have set up collection bins for classification management to facilitate internal
     recycling or transfer to qualified recyclers for further recycling. We grow vegetables
     and poultry in the open space of our Japan Recycling Yard to meet our daily needs
     and reduce purchases of such goods. We also actively cooperate with environmental
     protection agencies, and organise our staff to participate in activities recycling and
     donating waste clothes and articles, so as to convey the message of environmental
     protection to the public.


     To ensure that employees implement the Group’s environmental protection
     philosophy in their daily work, all new employees are required to go through the
     training in environmental protection.


     GREEN OFFICE POLICY
     The Group has implemented a series of measures to reduce the use of office
     supplies:


     •     Implement electronic file management, encouraging employees to process
           documents on computers and transmit information electronically as far as
           possible, and reducing the printing, transmission, sorting and archiving of
           paper files. The number of envelopes, portfolios and brochures issued by the
           Group is also subject to verification and control to minimise the demand for
           paper;


     •     Categorise waste, recycle and transfer recyclable resources to qualified
           recyclers, various collection bins have been placed in the office for the
           recycling of single-sided printed paper and printer cartridges;


     •     Place various green plants in different areas of the office, the green area
           coverage in Japan Recycling Yard has reached 15%, which helps clean air and
           improve indoor and surrounding air quality;


     •     Put up “Save Water” reminders in appropriate places to remind employees to
           reduce water consumption in their daily operations and to close the taps
           immediately after use so as to reduce unnecessary waste; and


     •     Enhance daily maintenance and management of water equipment, including
           regular maintenance of water mains and pipes to reduce hidden leakage.

         REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   65   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


  A4:   Climate Change
        The Group recognises that climate change has been affecting our stakeholders,
        business operations and communities in different aspects. The Group strive to
        enhance its ability to respond to climate impacts and mitigate the risks and impacts
        of climate change on the Group, thereby helping the Group to adapt to and resist
        climate change. During the Reporting Period, the Group has been paying close
        attention to the impact of climate change as described below.


        PHYSICAL RISKS
        Extreme weather caused by climate change such as typhoons and rainstorms may
        disrupt business operations. In order to minimise disruptions to our business
        operations, the Group has put in place a set of contingency measures for adverse
        weather conditions as well as appropriate back-up of important information to
        minimise the negative impact on our business.


        In addition to the above, the Group is also fully aware that extreme weather
        conditions may endanger the health and safety of employees. Therefore, we have
        formulated comprehensive typhoon and rainstorm arrangements to protect the
        health and safety of employees in extreme weather conditions. The Group also takes
        into account the different situations faced by individual employees under extreme
        weather conditions as far as possible, such as residence, nearby roads and traffic
        conditions, and adopts flexible treatment methods depending on the actual
        difficulties and needs of employees. For example, the Group implements a flexible
        off-duty day schedule for employees. At the same time, under extreme weather
        conditions, the human resources department will remind and notify employees of
        the latest weather conditions through communication software or emails.


        TRANSITION RISK
        In terms of legal risks, the Group expects that the laws and regulations related to
        climate change will become more stringent, such as the possibility that local
        governments adopt carbon tax to manage national GHG emissions. As a result, the
        Group may be exposed to legal risks and may have to incur higher operating costs
        to comply with regulatory changes. The Group has adopted a series of measures
        against possible legal risks. Firstly, the Group continuously monitors any changes
        in laws or regulations. Secondly, the Group has sought compliance advisory
        services to reduce legal risks. Thirdly, the Group has been taking comprehensive
        measures to protect the environment, including measures aimed at reducing
        greenhouse gas emissions. As we do more than meet the compliance requirements,
        we can quickly adapt to the more stringent regulations that may arise.




           REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   66   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


B.   SOCIAL
     B1.   Employment
           The success of our business depends on the untiring efforts and dedicated service
           of all employees. The Group understands that the recruitment, retention and
           cultivation of talents can help maintain its market competitiveness. The Group has
           in place the Employee Handbook to ensure that employees are treated in a fair and
           reasonable manner. As at 31 December 2021, the Group employed a total of 521
           staff, including operational office, sales and marketing, and back office division.


           During the Reporting Period, the breakdown of employees by gender, age group
           and employment type and geographical regions were as follows:


                                                                                          FY2021


           By gender
           Male                                                                                  254
           Female                                                                                267
           By age group
           30 years old or below                                                                  92
           31-50 years old                                                                       254
           51 years old or above                                                                 175
           By employment type
           Full-time                                                                             485
           Part-time                                                                              36
           By geographical region
           Hong Kong and Mainland China                                                          493
           The Latin America and the Caribbean                                                    20
           Others (including Japan, India, and Nepal)                                              8




              REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   67       ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     During the Reporting Period, the overall employee turnover rate was 30.71%. The
     breakdown of turnover rate was as follows:


                                                                                Percentage
                                                                                       (%)


     By gender
     Male                                                                              45%
     Female                                                                            17%
     By age group
     30 years old or below                                                             30%
     31-50 years old                                                                   31%
     51 years old or above                                                             31%
     By geographical region
     Hong Kong and Main China                                                          32%
     The Latin America and the Caribbean                                                0%
     Others (including Japan, India, and Nepal)                                         0%

     During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have significant issues relating to
     violations in this respect, including but not limited to the Labour Contract Law of
     t h e P e o p l e ’ s R e p u b l i c o f C h i n a (《中華人民共和國勞動合同法》) a n d L a b o u r
     Standards Law in Japan.


     RECRUITMENT, PROMOTION AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY
     The Group has regular reviews for the demand and requirements for human
     resources with each business function head in order to secure the sufficient staff
     members for the positions required and to keep the normal business operations and
     development. In addition, we have implemented a standardised recruitment system
     with high transparency to ensure the righteousness, openness and fairness upheld
     throughout the recruitment and employment processes. When considering the
     opportunity for promotion of a position, the principle of “appropriateness”, their
     job performance evaluation, experiences and capabilities of the potential are
     considered as conditions for staff promotion.




        REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   68       ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     WORK-LIFE BALANCE
     Employees are the most important core asset of the Group. The Group attentively
     takes care of the needs of employees pays close attention to employees’ work and
     life balance. Achieving work-life balance can help enhance the overall operational
     efficiency of the Group. As such, the Group strictly abides by the Labour Contract
     Law of the People’s Republic of China (《 中華人民共和國勞動合同法》) and Article 7
     of Labour Standards Law in Japan to guarantee appropriate working hours and
     sufficient leave days for employees.


     REMUNERATION AND BENEFITS
     The Group has established a set of objective and fair remuneration guidelines. In
     addition to wage adjustments based on the market practice and conditions, and the
     results of employee assessment, the Group also determines annual bonuses based
     on individual performance to motivate their interest and enthusiasm and share the
     Group’s profits with its employees as a reward for their contributions to the Group.
     Moreover, we review and adjust the remuneration mechanism on a regular basis to
     provide fairer and more competitive remuneration packages.


     The Group also develops its benefits policy in accordance with the Labour Law of
     the People’s Republic of China(《中華人民共和國勞動法》), the Article 11 of Labour
     Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國勞動合同法》) and
     Labour Standard Law in Japan, and observes local requirements relating to
     minimum wage, working hours and the overtime limit, paid statutory holidays and
     paid annual leave. In addition, we established the Remuneration Committee in
     charge of reviewing matters related to employees’ benefits. The Group currently
     provides comprehensive benefits guarantees for all employees, including medical
     insurance. In order to promote the bilateral communication and interaction between
     employees and employer, the Group also delivers the most recent update of the
     Group to every employee in a timely manner via survey and listens to the
     employees’ opinions and advices actively, taking corresponding measures swiftly
     on issues which employees care about and protecting the interest of our employees.


     COMPENSATION, TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT AND RETIREMENT
     The Group initiates compensation and retirement procedures, including relevant
     provisions on indemnification and compensation and the planning of retirement
     arrangements, in accordance with the Article 89 of Labour Law of the People’s
     Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China,
     Labour Standards Law in Japan and other relevant laws and regulations.




        REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   69   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


        ANTI-DISCRIMINATION
        We strictly follow anti-discrimination policies and will not tolerate harassment of
        any kind. When recruiting and promoting employees, we will only consider
        individual work experience and performance. We provide our employees with fair
        recruitment, compensation, training, transfer and promotion opportunities
        regardless of their race, gender, age or religious, so as to ensure that fair and equal
        opportunities are offered to all job applicants. We strive to create a working
        environment with care, endurance, fairness with no discrimination.


  B2.   Health and Safety
        The Group fully recognises the importance of occupational health and safety to the
        recycling industry. Therefore, we strive to create the best working environment for
        our valued employees. We have advocated and upheld the idea of “Safety First”
        and strived in achieving the goal of zero industrial accident. We have formulated a
        set of suitable safety management plan in accordance with the laws and regulations,
        to reduce and control potential occupational safety and health hazards in business
        operations. The Group strictly implements the legislative requirements on
        occupational health and safety at its operating locations to avoid any injuries of
        employees at work.


        During the Reporting Period, the Group did not record any work-related fatalities.
        And the Group did not have the lost-days related to work injuries. Also, the Group
        did not record any work-related fatalities occurred in the financial years ended 31
        December 2019 and 31 December 2020.


        During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have significant issues relating to
        violations in this respect, including but not limited to Law of the People’s Republic
        of China on the Prevention and Treatment of Occupational Diseases of People’s
        Republic of China (《中華人民共和國職業病防治法》) and Industrial Safety and
        Health Act in Japan.




           REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   70    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY
     In order to effectively review our occupational health and safety performance, the
     Group sets up dedicated departments for coordinating and arranging safety checks
     for all operating facilities in accordance with Occupational Health and Safety
     Policies and regular reviews are held at meetings to examine the Group’s
     occupational health and safety performance. Any employee being found of a
     mis-operation or risky operation will be immediately warned. At the same time,
     corrective and preventive measures will be adopted to manage the risks identified
     for assuring the quality and implementation of the safety management measures, so
     as to reduce unsafe behaviours of on-site personnel and accidents.


     WORKPLACE SAFETY MANAGEMENT
     The Group’s office and Recycling Yard are equipped with dust removal, noise
     elimination, gas protection and other equipment, with standards in place for
     dangerous goods identification marks and for the proper use and storage of
     inflammable and explosive materials in order to minimise potential harm to the
     health of employees. To further enhance the safety of the Group’s workplaces, we
     have set up first aid kits, fire extinguishers and exit signs at all operating locations
     and reminded our employees of the need to keep the passage or escapes clean and
     clear at all times. It is forbidden to place too many miscellaneous items in the office
     to ensure a rapid and safe evacuation in case of emergency.


     PERSONAL PROTECTIVE EQUIPMENT
     The Group is committed to providing employees with a legitimate, safe and
     dignified working environment. Apart from displaying notice or label, we also
     provide frontline employees with personal protective equipment such as dust
     masks, noise reduction earplugs and emergency medicines for occasional needs.
     Meanwhile, employees are arranged to attend safety training courses to raise their
     awareness of workplace safety and to ensure the efficiency of the personal
     protective equipment for protecting our employees.


     WORKPLACE HYGIENE
     The Group has advised employees to maintain cleanliness in the workplace. We set
     up designated areas in offices and plant areas to collect wastes discarded by our
     employees. Hygiene in public areas is regularly managed by dedicated
     departments. Regular cleaning of air conditioning systems and carpets in office
     areas are also arranged to maintain hygiene in the workplace.




        REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   71     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     EMPLOYEE WORK SAFETY TRAINING
     We actively promote the culture of workplace safety. The Group provides
     employees with adequate training on occupational health to keep up with
     employees’ awareness against workplace health and safety, in order to ensure the
     safe operation of equipment, the Group has developed appropriate training
     sessions, mainly covering the correct use of protective equipment, knowledge and
     cases of safety production and occupational health, and safe operation of positions
     or equipment. Moreover, we share all the latest information and news of
     occupational health and safety with all our employees.


     INCIDENT RESPONSE PLAN
     To prevent possible accidents and potential risks due to emergencies like fire and
     power failure, the Group has established a set of stringent measures and practice
     fire drills from time to time. All onsite workers are required to be aware of the
     emergency procedures, such as the proper use of personal protective equipment
     and rescue facility.


     STRESS MANAGEMENT
     The Group has complaint and confidential feedback channels in place for all
     employees, allowing them to express any views or concerns to the department
     heads or executives at the higher rank.


     PREVENTATIVE MEASURES ON COVID-19
     In response to the outbreak of the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (“COVID-19”)
     pandemic, the Group has taken certain actions to strengthen the health and safety
     precautionary measures in both our offices and construction sites to ensure the
     health of our employees and workers. The Group has established two sets of
     workplace health and safety plan with regards to COVID-19 separately for office
     and construction site employees. In addition, the Group has conducted a thorough
     hazard assessment of the workplace to identify potential workplace hazards that
     could increase the risks for COVID-19 transmission, which includes all employees,
     including management staff, utility employees, relief employees, etc.




         REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   72   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


  B3.   Development and Training
        During the Reporting Period, the Group’s number of employees received training and
        their training hours were as follows:


                                                                                Average training
                                                             Percentage of             hours per
                                                     employee trained (%)       trained employee


        By gender
        Male                                                               43                 54
        Female                                                             21                 46
        By employment type
        Senior management                                                  44                 57
        Middle management                                                  47                 50
        Other employees                                                    27                 50

        CAREER DEVELOPMENT
        To maintain the Group’s competitiveness in the world of rapid development of
        technology, it is important that we keep our skills and knowledge up-to-date.
        Therefore, we promote the spirit of life-long learning and cultivating a continuous
        learning culture. To further improve team values and professionalism of staff, we
        develop career development training for staff and encourage them to actively
        participate in various training workshops and courses.


        PRE-EMPLOYMENT TRAINING
        In order to assist our newly recruited employees to adapt to the Group’s work
        culture and environment, we provide pre-employment training for them, including
        information about our corporate culture, employee handbook, job skills and
        relevant safety knowledge, with an aim of enhancing their understanding of the
        Group, their position and working environment.


        VOCATIONAL SKILLS TRAINING
        We are dedicated to building a professional technical team, so we have arranged
        training courses for our employees to meet the needs of different jobs and ranks to
        improve individual profession knowledge skills and capabilities. For some internal
        key talents, we have developed career paths and defined career ladders for key
        positions, sponsored our staff to attend external training courses, such as
        professional qualification training, workshops or seminars, in order to strengthen
        overall professionalism and individual caliber of employees, and help competent
        employees to pursue excellence and grow together with the Group.




            REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      73    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


  B4.   Labour Standards
        PREVENTION OF CHILD AND FORCED LABOUR
        The Group prohibits the recruitment of child labour and has zero tolerance of
        forced labour. In accordance with the Regulations of the People’s Republic of China
        on Special Protection of Juvenile Workers (《女職工和未成年工特殊勞動保護》),
        Labour Standards Law in Japan and relevant foreign laws and regulations, the
        Group reviews the valid identity certificates of job applicants in the employee
        recruitment, onboarding approval and onboarding registration process. If violations
        are involved, they will be dealt with in the light of circumstances.


        During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any material
        non-compliance with related laws and regulations that would have a significant
        impact on the Group, including but not limited to Labour Contract Law of the
        People’s Republic of China and Article 56 of Labour Standard Law in Japan.


        In the process of employment, the Group, in accordance with the above relevant
        laws, respects the right and freedom of every employee to choose jobs, including
        freedom of employment, freedom to resign, freedom to work overtime and freedom
        of movement. The Group strictly prohibits any forms of forced labour, including
        contract labour and bonded labour, and never forces employees to work overtime.
        Employees have the right to form and join trade unions to safeguard their personal
        rights.




            REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   74   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


  B5.   Supply Chain Management
        The steady development of the Group’s business is dependent on the reliable
        support of its suppliers. Suppliers are one of the important stakeholders in the
        Group’s business value chain, and our relationship with them is close and
        inseparable. The Group is also fully committed to building a good partnership with
        our suppliers. To promote the business and cooperation with suppliers, the Group
        stipulates internal rules to regulate the process of procurement, explains the
        Group’s principles and expectations to our partners, and requires suppliers to
        comply with all laws, international conventions, contractual requirements, and all
        codes of the Group. We have also established effective mechanisms to ensure that
        both parties will strictly act in accordance with laws and regulations.


        SUPPLIER APPOINTMENT
        In terms of material procurement, supplier management, and the selection and
        evaluation of administrative supplies and services suppliers, we employ fair,
        impartial and open evaluation criteria. We also require suppliers to declare their
        interests to avoid conflicts of interest or tunnelling of interests. The Group has set
        up a series of evaluation indicators for supplier selection, including supplier’s past
        experience, price, reputation, professional qualifications, ethics, environmental
        protection and corporate social responsibility performance. To ensure that the
        suppliers’ performance continues to meet the Group’s requirements, we assess their
        performance over the past year through an annual assessment to review whether to
        continue cooperation with them.


        SUSTAINABLE SUPPLY CHAIN
        The Group puts great emphasis on the sustainability of value chain. While fulfilling
        our environmental and social responsibilities, we also expect our suppliers to
        operate in the same responsible manner. Accordingly, we incorporate sustainability
        considerations into our procurement and outsourcing process and require suppliers
        to meet basic standards, to lower environment and social risk in supply chain. For
        example, all suppliers are required to abide by the following sustainability
        principles, and to ensure that their regular and temporary employees, suppliers and
        sub-suppliers confirm and comply with the requirements of this these principles.


        The Group continues to pay attention to the policies implemented by the local
        governments where it operates. If the Group finds information on environmentally
        friendly products or services published by the official authorities, the Group will
        seriously consider adopting the recommendations of the official authorities to
        procure goods and services that have less impact on the environment during the
        product cycle.




           REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   75    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


        GREEN OPERATION
        To reduce the emissions and energy consumption due to transportation, the Group
        is encouraged to give priority to products of local suppliers where hardware and
        software conditions so permit, with an aim to prevent additional carbon emissions
        due to long distance of transporting goods. When local suppliers are selected, we
        also adopt a centralised approach to arrange as few deliveries as possible, and
        optimise delivery plans to reduce exhaust emissions during transportation.
        Meanwhile, when it is necessary to acquire or upgrade operating equipment, we
        will make reference to the information on the energy label to select energy-efficient
        models as far as possible in order to achieve better energy management efficiency.


        During the Reporting Period, the breakdown of supplier by geographical regions
        were as follows:


                                                                       Number of Suppliers
        Total number of suppliers by region                                       in FY 2021


        Hong Kong                                                                        140
        Asia region other than Hong Kong                                                 112
        Others (including Europe and America)                                             93

  B6.   Product Responsibility
        The Group stresses heavily on the performance of its products, and has therefore
        formulated an array of policies to facilitate better quality products and services.
        The Group carefully manage and monitor the quality of our products. All products
        we sell are properly labelled to help us obtain the data through our tracking
        system. If there are quality issues with the products sold by the Group, the Group
        can record through the tracking system, which enables us to immediately identify
        the source of defects in the production process, identify the defective batch of
        products and recall the products as needed to rectify the issues and prevent
        recurrence in the future.


        During the Reporting Period, the Group does not record any product recall and
        did not have significant issues relating to violations in this respect, including but
        not limited to Law of the People’s Republic of China on Protection of Consumer
        Rights and Interests of the People’s Republic of China (《 中華人民共和國消費者權益
        保護法》), and Product Liability Act in Japan.




           REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   76   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     QUALITY MANAGEMENT
     The Group values the spirit of contract. The specifications of all products and
     services will be clearly specified in the contract to ensure that the customer
     understands details of the contract and to protect the interests of the buyer and the
     seller. We seek to provide the highest standards of products and services
     throughout our operations, which involve the application of proprietary systems
     and process to ensure compliance with local and international standards. In order
     to strengthen customer confidence in our products, the Group has established a
     quality inspection and evaluation team for incoming and outgoing products, to
     closely monitor the quality of products prior to delivery in accordance with the
     corresponding inspection procedures.


     FAIR PROMOTION
     The Group adheres to the principle of fair promotion to ensure that product
     information on the Group’s publicity website and other promotional materials is
     true and accurate, and does not contain any false, exaggerated or excessive
     statements. In accordance with the Advertising Law of the People’s Republic of
     China and Act Against Unjustifiable Premiums and Misleading Representations in
     Japan, the Group requires sales staff to disseminate information from the Group’s
     recognised product strengths when promoting products, and avoid negative
     representations involving rivals or competing products to prevent customers from
     being misled when purchasing.


     CUSTOMER DATA PROTECTION
     According to the importance of protecting customer information, the Group strictly
     manages and keeps confidential information and documents related to customers’
     intellectual property rights in accordance with the requirements of the
     Confidentiality Measures and the Employee Handbook issued within the Group.
     Without permission, employees are not allowed to copy, privately store or take
     away such information and documents from the Group.


     INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
     The Group endeavours to protect intellectual property rights. Intellectual properties
     and technical specifications of the Group and customers are protected and managed
     by a designated department. Employees shall not copy or disclose any information,
     including but not limited to designs, techniques and trade information, to third
     parties without the Group’s consent.




        REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   77   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


        AFTER-SALE SERVICE
        The Group is committed to providing efficient and courteous after-sale service to its
        customers, and has established e-mail boxes and hotlines as channels to maintain
        communication with customers and assist in answering any customer enquiries,
        resolving detail contract problems or other follow-up matters.


        The Group has received 4 product-related complaints and 2 service-related
        complaints during the Reporting Period. The Group designated staff to handle all
        complaints received promptly and review our procedures for any improvement to
        prevent recurring complaints.


  B7.   Anti-corruption
        The Group is committed to building a corporate culture of integrity and business
        ethics. We have the standards of conduct to guide our employees and partners,
        which provide rules and guidelines for dealing with gifts, treats, transactions,
        financial management, etc.


        During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have significant issues and
        concluded legal cases relating to violations in this respect, including but not limited
        to Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國公司法》) and
        Unfair Competition Prevention Act in Japan.


        The Group has followed and complied with all the code provisions of the Corporate
        Governance Code set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules, including
        maintaining good corporate governance practices. To take forward a corporate
        culture of integrity and anti-corruption, we have established the anti-corruption
        practices and the benefit declaration process in our employee handbook. If any
        employee is involved in any corruption and fraud conduct, we will impose
        penalties based on the influence and consequence of such conduct according to the
        corporate rules. If the behaviour violates the law, it will be handled by the judicial
        authority according to law with zero tolerance.




           REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   78    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     ANTI-CORRUPTION PRACTICES
     The Group has established Anti-corruption policy to avoid happening of
     corruption. No employee or director may seek or receive any preferential benefits,
     including money, gifts, loans, remuneration, work, contracts, services and
     sponsorship, especially when there is a conflict of interest between such benefits
     and the Group’s business dealings.


     Anti-corruption training helps to encourage a clean and honest working style, so
     that employees can be self-disciplined and dedicated. During the Reporting Period,
     the Directors and employees of the Group received a total of 736 hours of
     anti-corruption training.


     CONFLICTS OF INTEREST
     To avoid any conflict of interest during business transactions, all major transactions
     involving conflicts of interest within the Group must be disclosed to the Board
     according to the Policy on Declaration of Conflict of Interest, which can be found in
     the Employee Handbook. Board members involved in a conflict of interest may not
     vote on any resolution on such transactions.


     APPROVAL OF SERVICE CONTRACTS
     To maintain close monitoring on potential corruption, all the important service
     contracts are subject to approval by the Board. Approved service contracts shall be
     reviewed by the Nomination Committee, which consists of one executive director
     and two independent non-executive directors.


     WHISTLE-BLOWING MECHANISM
     To firmly reject the occurrence of corruption, frauds, etc., the Group has established
     whistle-blowing policy for employees and other stakeholders to report any
     suspected improper or illegal activities through any anonymous ways such as by
     mail, email, telephone, etc. The Group will investigate and handle the case once
     internal corruption related information is received. The investigations are
     administered on a confidential basis and there will be no reprisal against
     employees.




        REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    79   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


  B8.   Community Investment
        ACTIVE COMMUNITY PARTICIPATION
        As a responsible corporate citizen, the Group is well aware that its responsibility is
        not only to contribute directly to the economy, but also to generate positive impact
        on the society as a whole through our business operations and public welfare
        programs. In the past years, the Group actively participated in community activities
        to give back to the society. The Group is committed to promoting charity, helping
        the disadvantaged, and supporting academic and scientific research for the
        well-being of the next generation in the principle of “From the Community, For the
        Community”. The Group has also set up a team of staff volunteers to participate in
        public welfare activities such as visiting the elderly living alone, supporting needy
        families and helping students in need. In the future, the Group will continue to
        focus its community investment efforts on scientific research and development,
        national development and poverty alleviation to give back to the society.


        During the Reporting Period, the Group has donated HK$253,000 to Shenzhen
        Nanshan Charity Federation (南山區慈善會), a district charity fund in Shenzhen. In
        addition, Sincere has donated HK$250,000 to the cultural, environmental and health
        sectors.




            REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   80   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


THE ESG REPORTING GUIDE CONTENT INDEX OF THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF
HONG KONG LIMITED
Subject Areas, Aspects,
General Disclosures
and KPIs (“Comply
and Explain”)             Description                                        Section/Declaration


Aspect A1: Emissions
General Disclosure        Information on:                                    Emission Control
                          (a) the policies; and
                          (b) compliance with relevant laws and
                              regulations that have a significant impact
                              on the issuer relating to exhaust gas and
                              GHG emissions, discharges into water and
                              land, and generation of hazardous and
                              non-hazardous waste.
KPI A1.1                  The types of emissions and respective              Emission Control
                          emissions data.                                    – Air and Exhaust Gas
                                                                             Emissions
KPI A1.2                  GHG emissions in total (in tonnes) and             Emission Control
                          intensity.                                         – GHG Emissions
KPI A1.3                  Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes)         Waste Management
                          and intensity.                                     – Hazardous Waste
                                                                             Management
KPI A1.4                  Total non-hazardous waste produced (in             Waste Management
                          tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g.    – Non-Hazardous
                          per unit of production volume, per facility).      Waste Management
KPI A1.5                  Description of emissions target(s) set and steps   Emission Control
                          taken to achieve them.                             – Air and Exhaust Gas
                                                                             Emissions; Emission
                                                                             Control – GHG
                                                                             Emissions; Waste
                                                                             Management –
                                                                             Hazardous Waste
                                                                             Management; Waste
                                                                             Management –
                                                                             Non-Hazardous
                                                                             Waste Management
KPI A1.6                  Description of how hazardous and                   Hazardous Waste
                          non-hazardous wastes are handled, reduction        Management;
                          initiatives and results achieved.                  Non-Hazardous
                                                                             Waste Management


                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED     81   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Subject Areas, Aspects,
General Disclosures
and KPIs (“Comply
and Explain”)             Description                                         Section/Declaration


Aspect A2: Use of Resources
General Disclosure        Policies on the efficient use of resources,         Use of Resources
                          including energy, water and other raw
                          materials.
KPI A2.1                  Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by        Use of Resources
                          type in total and intensity.                        – Energy Management
KPI A2.2                  Water consumption in total and intensity.           Use of Resources
                                                                              – Water Management
KPI A2.3                  Description of energy use efficiency initiatives    Use of Resources
                          and results achieved.                               – Energy Management
KPI A2.4                  Description of whether there is any issue in        Use of Resources
                          sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water       – Water Management
                          efficiency initiatives and results achieved.
KPI A2.5                  Total packaging material used for finished          Use of Resources
                          products (in tonnes) and with reference to per      – Packaging Material
                          unit produced.                                      (Not applicable –
                                                                              Explained)


Aspect A3: The Environment and Natural Resources
General Disclosure        Policies on minimizing the issuer’s significant     The Environment and
                          impact on the environment and natural               Natural Resources
                          resources.
KPI A3.1                  Description of the significant impacts of           The Environment and
                          activities on the environment and natural           Natural Resources
                          resources and the actions taken to manage
                          them.


Aspect A4: Climate Change
General Disclosure        Policies on identification and mitigation of        Climate Change
                          significant climate-related issues which have
                          impacted, and those which may impact, the
                          issuer.
KPI A4.1                  Description of the significant climate-related      Climate Change
                          issues which have impacted, and those which
                          may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to
                          manage them.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    82     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Subject Areas, Aspects,
General Disclosures
and KPIs (“Comply
and Explain”)             Description                                          Section/Declaration


Aspect B1: Employment
General Disclosure        Information on:                                      Employment
                          (a) the policies; and
                          (b) compliance with relevant laws and
                               regulations that have a significant impact
                               on the issuer relating to compensation and
                               dismissal, recruitment and promotion,
                               working hours, rest periods, equal
                               opportunity, diversity, antidiscrimination,
                               and other benefits and welfare.
KPI B1.1                  Total workforce by gender, employment type           Employment
                          (for example, full- or parttime), age group and
                          geographical region.
KPI B1.2                  Employee turnover rate by gender, age group          Employment
                          and geographical region.


Aspect B2: Health and Safety
General Disclosure        Information on:                                      Health and Safety
                          (a) the policies; and
                          (b) compliance with relevant laws and
                               regulations that have a significant impact
                               on the issuer relating to providing a safe
                               working environment and protecting
                               employees from occupational hazards.
KPI B2.1                  Number and rate of work-related fatalities           Health and Safety
                          occurred in each of the past three years
                          including the reporting year.
KPI B2.2                  Lost days due to work injury.                        Health and Safety
KPI B2.3                  Description of occupational health and safety        Health and Safety
                          measures adopted, how they are implemented
                          and monitored.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    83      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Subject Areas, Aspects,
General Disclosures
and KPIs (“Comply
and Explain”)             Description                                        Section/Declaration


Aspect B3: Development and Training
General Disclosure        Policies on improving employees’ knowledge         Development and
                          and skills for discharging duties at work.         Training
                          Description of training activities.
KPI B3.1                  The percentage of employees trained by gender      Development and
                          and employee category (e.g. senior                 Training
                          management, middle management).
KPI B3.2                  The average training hours completed per           Development and
                          employee by gender and employee category.          Training


Aspect B4: Labour Standards
General Disclosure        Information on:                                    Labour Standards
                          (a) the policies; and
                          (b) compliance with relevant laws and
                              regulations that have a significant impact
                              on the issuer relating to preventing child
                              and forced labour.
KPI B4.1                  Description of measures to review employment       Labour Standards
                          practices to avoid child and forced labour.        – Prevention of Child
                                                                             and Forced Labour
KPI B4.2                  Description of steps taken to eliminate such       Labour Standards
                          practices when discovered.                         – Prevention of Child
                                                                             and Forced Labour




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED     84   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Subject Areas, Aspects,
General Disclosures
and KPIs (“Comply
and Explain”)             Description                                       Section/Declaration


Aspect B5: Supply Chain Management
General Disclosure      Policies on managing environmental and social       Supply Chain
                        risks of the supply chain.                          Management
KPI B5.1                Number of suppliers by geographical region.         Supply Chain
                                                                            Management
KPI B5.2                  Description of practices relating to engaging     Supply Chain
                          suppliers, number of suppliers where the          Management
                          practices are being implemented, and how they
                          are implemented and monitored.
KPI B5.3                  Description of practices used to identify         Supply Chain
                          environmental and social risks along the          Management
                          supply chain, and how they are implemented
                          and monitored.
KPI B5.4                  Description of practices used to promote          Supply Chain
                          environmentally preferable products and           Management
                          services when selecting suppliers, and how
                          they are implemented and monitored.


Aspect B6: Product Responsibility
General Disclosure      Information on:                                     Product
                        (a) the policies; and                               Responsibility
                        (b) compliance with relevant laws and
                            regulations that have a significant impact
                            on the issuer relating to health and safety,
                            advertising, labelling and privacy matters
                            relating to products and services provided
                            and methods of redress.
KPI B6.1                Percentage of total products sold or shipped        Product
                        subject to recalls for safety and health reasons.   Responsibility
KPI B6.2                  Number of products and service related            Product
                          complaints received and how they are dealt        Responsibility
                          with.
KPI B6.3                  Description of practices relating to observing    Product
                          and protecting intellectual property rights       Responsibility
KPI B6.4                  Description of quality assurance process and      Product
                          recall procedures.                                Responsibility
KPI B6.5                  Description of consumer data protection and       Product
                          privacy policies, and how they are                Responsibility
                          implemented and monitored.

                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   85    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Subject Areas, Aspects,
General Disclosures
and KPIs (“Comply
and Explain”)             Description                                         Section/Declaration


Aspect B7: Anti-corruption
General Disclosure        Information on:                                     Anti-corruption
                          (a) the policies; and
                          (b) compliance with relevant laws and
                              regulations that have a significant impact
                              on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion,
                              fraud and money laundering.
KPI B7.1                  Percentage of total products sold or shipped        Anti-corruption
                          subject to recalls for safety and health reasons.
KPI B7.2                  Description of preventive measures and              Anti-corruption
                          whistle-blowing procedures, and how they are
                          implemented and monitored.
KPI B7.3                  Percentage of total products sold or shipped        Anti-corruption
                          subject to recalls for safety and health reasons.


Aspect B8: Community Investment
General Disclosure        Policies on community engagement to                 Community
                          understand the needs of the communities             Investment
                          where the issuer operates and to ensure its
                          activities take into consideration the
                          communities’ interests.
KPI B8.1                  Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education,        Community
                          environmental concerns, labour needs, health,       Investment
                          culture, sport).
KPI B.2                   Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to       Community
                          the focus area.                                     Investment




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    86    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




         致同
To the members of Realord Group Holdings Limited
(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)


OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Realord Group Holdings Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 94 to
245, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2021, and
the consolidated statement of profit or loss, consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of
cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a
summary of significant accounting policies.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated
financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2021, and of its consolidated financial
performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong
Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued
by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We
are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were
addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in
forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   87    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Key audit matter                                        How the matter was addressed in our audit


Valuation of investment properties


We identified the valuation of investment               Our procedures in relation to the valuation of
properties as a key audit matter due to the             investment properties included the following:
significance of the balance to the consolidated
financial statements as a whole, combined               •    evaluated the competence, capabilities and
with management judgment associated with                     objectivity of the Valuer;
determining the fair value.
                                                        •    obtained an understanding from the Valuer
The Group’s investment properties are situated in            about the valuation methodologies,
the People’s Republic of China, Hong Kong and                significant unobservable inputs and critical
Grenada. As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s                 judgment on key inputs and data used in
investment properties amounting to                           the valuations;
HK$10,628,833,000 and represented 57% of the
Group’s total assets. As disclosed in note 20 to the    •    assessed the reasonableness of valuation
consolidated financial statements, net gain on fair          methodologies used by the Valuer with the
value changes of investment properties of                    assistance from our valuation experts;
HK$1,265,256,000 was recognised in profit or loss.
                                                        •    assessed the reasonableness of significant
All of the Group’s investment properties are                 unobservable inputs used by the Valuer
stated at fair values based on valuations                    with the assistance from our valuation
performed by a firm of independent qualified                 experts by comparing them to publicly
professional valuers (“Valuer”). The                         available information of similar comparable
valuations are dependent on certain significant              properties;
unobservable inputs, including price/gross
development value per square meter/bay/                 •    evaluated the reasonableness of adjusting
square feet/acre, which are determined based                 factors on the conditions and locations of
on comparable transactions after applying                    the properties made by the Valuer with the
adjusting factors to reflect the conditions and              assistance from our valuation experts by
locations of the subject properties. Details of              comparing them with historical adjusting
the valuation methodologies and significant                  factors applied, comparability and other
unobservable inputs used in the valuations are               market factors for similar properties;
disclosed in note 20 to the consolidated
financial statements.                                   •    obtained government documents and
                                                             supporting evidences for the change in
                                                             construction scale; and


                                                        •    performed site visit to the major investment
                                                             properties.



                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        88    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Key audit matter                                      How the matter was addressed in our audit


Impairment assessment of properties under
development


We identified the impairment assessment of            Our procedures in relation to the impairment
properties under development as a key audit           assessment of properties under development
matter due to the significance of the balance to      included the following:
the consolidated financial statements and the
involvement of subjective judgment and                •    obtained an understanding of the progress
management estimates in determining the net                of the properties under development from
realisable value of these properties.                      management;


As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s                   •    performed site visit to the properties under
properties under development amounting to                  development;
HK$3,229,062,000.
                                                      •    evaluated the competence, capabilities and
Management assessed whether properties                     objectivity of the Valuer;
under development have suffered any
impairment in accordance with the accounting          •    obtained an understanding from the Valuer
policy stated in note 3.25 to the consolidated             about the valuation methodology and key
financial statements. The net realisable value             assumptions used in the valuation;
of these properties has been determined by
management with assistance from a Valuer              •    involved our valuation experts to evaluate
with reference to the latest selling prices of the         the methodology used to determine the net
properties and the budgeted costs to be                    realisable value;
incurred until completion and sale.
                                                      •    involved our valuation experts to assess the
                                                           reasonableness of future costs to be
                                                           incurred to completion; and


                                                      •    involved our valuation experts to assess the
                                                           reasonableness of key assumptions used by
                                                           management such as discount rate, gross
                                                           development value per square meter/bay,
                                                           development cost and developer’s profit
                                                           margin.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      89    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Key audit matter                                    How the matter was addressed in our audit


Impairment assessment of proposed development
project

We identified the impairment assessment of          Our procedures in relation to the impairment
proposed development project as a key audit         assessment of proposed development project
matter due to the significance of the balance to    included the following:
the consolidated financial statements and the
involvement of subjective judgment and              •    obtained an understanding of the progress
management estimates in evaluating the                   of the proposed development project from
recoverable amount of the Group’s proposed               management;
development project at the end of the
reporting period.                                   •    performed site visit to the proposed
                                                         development project;
As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s proposed
development project amounting to                    •    evaluated the competence, capabilities and
HK$1,676,166,000.                                        objectivity of the Valuer;

Management assessed whether proposed                •    obtained an understanding from the Valuer
development project has suffered any                     about the valuation methodology and key
impairment in accordance with the accounting             assumptions used in the value in use
policy stated in note 3.15 to the consolidated           calculation;
financial statements. The recoverable amount
of cash-generating unit has been determined         •    involved our valuation experts to evaluate
by management with assistance from a Valuer              the methodology used to determine the
based on value in use calculation. The value in          value in use, and benchmarked the
use calculation uses cash flow projection based          discount rates applied to other comparable
on financial budgets approved by                         companies in the same industry; and
management which involves the use of
judgement applied by management such as             •    involved our valuation experts to assess the
determining discount rate, price per square              reasonableness of key assumptions used by
meter/bay, construction cost and gross                   management such as discount rate, price
margin.                                                  per square meter/bay, construction cost
                                                         and gross margin.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED     90   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information
comprises all the information in the 2021 annual report of the Company, but does not include the
consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we
do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read
the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially
inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or
otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report
that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and
the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control
as the directors of the Company determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible
for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters
related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the
Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.


The directors of the Company assisted by the Audit Committee are responsible for overseeing the
Group’s financial reporting process.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    91   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to
issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body,
in accordance with section 90 of the Bermuda Companies Act 1981, and for no other purpose. We
do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this
report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of
these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•     identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
      whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those
      risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
      opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than
      for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
      misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•     obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
      procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing
      an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.


•     evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of
      accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors of the Company.


•     conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
      and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to
      events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a
      going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
      attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial
      statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are
      based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
      events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    92     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
•     evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial
      statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements
      represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•     obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities
      or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial
      statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group
      audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in
internal control that we identify during our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable,
actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were
of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and
are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances,
we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
such communication.




Grant Thornton Hong Kong Limited
Certified Public Accountants
11th Floor
Lee Garden Two
28 Yun Ping Road
Causeway Bay
Hong Kong


31 March 2022


Ng Ka Kong
Practising Certificate No.: P06919

                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   93     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




                                                                                       2021         2020
                                                                            Notes   HK$’000      HK$’000


Revenue                                                                       5
– Goods and services                                                                1,147,736     834,364
– Rental income                                                                        10,328      10,888
– Interest                                                                             37,015      24,089


Total revenues                                                                      1,195,079     869,341
Cost of sales                                                                        (922,294)   (668,238)


Gross profit                                                                          272,785      201,103
Other income                                                                 7         53,310       43,317
Other gains and losses                                                       8       (117,619)    (343,615)
Impairment losses, net                                                       9         (3,646)     (27,255)
Gain on fair value changes of investment properties, net                     20     1,265,256    2,463,416
Selling and distribution expenses                                                     (69,442)     (12,110)
Administrative expenses                                                              (276,371)    (244,504)
Finance costs                                                                10      (695,806)    (630,382)


Profit before income tax                                                             428,467     1,449,970
Income tax expense                                                           11     (312,533)     (557,652)


Profit for the year                                                          12      115,934      892,318


Attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                                122,197      885,185
Non-controlling interests                                                             (6,263)       7,133


                                                                                     115,934      892,318


Earnings per share
Basic (HK cents)                                                             17          8.49        61.55


Diluted (HK cents)                                                           17          8.47        61.52




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       94      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
        OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                          For the year ended 31 December 2021



                                                                                           2021        2020
                                                                                Notes   HK$’000    HK$’000


Profit for the year                                                                      115,934    892,318


Other comprehensive income/(expense)
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Gain on property revaluation                                                               9,054      1,188
Income tax relating to gain on property revaluation                                         258        (297)
Changes in fair value of equity investments at fair value
  through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)                                             828           –
Actuarial gains on a defined benefit plan                                        24e       4,524          –


Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign
  operations                                                                             262,271    274,776


Other comprehensive income for the year, net of income tax                               276,935    275,667


Total comprehensive income for the year                                                  392,869   1,167,985


Attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                                    368,069   1,160,554
Non-controlling interests                                                                 24,800      7,431


                                                                                         392,869   1,167,985




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED         95      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                           As at 31 December 2021




                                                                                      2021         2020
                                                                    Notes         HK$’000      HK$’000

NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                                         18            688,920      447,153
Prepaid lease payments                                                19              5,023        4,977
Investment properties                                                 20         10,628,833   11,839,176
Goodwill                                                              21            320,937       87,390
Other intangible assets                                               22             50,206       43,396
Equity instruments at FVTOCI                                          23             12,978        8,899
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                           28            181,138       14,787
Pension scheme assets                                                 24             23,101            –

                                                                                 11,911,136   12,445,778

CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                                           25             98,829       36,538
Properties under development                                          26          3,229,062            –
Trade receivables                                                     27            355,226      449,409
Receivables arising from securities broking                           27            290,443      163,373
Loan receivables                                                      27            190,437      157,053
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                           28            405,167      425,961
Proposed development project                                          29          1,676,166    1,634,083
Tax recoverable                                                                       5,836        4,121
Financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                                           30            81,206        15,297
Amounts due from related parties                                      40             1,598             –
Cash held on behalf of clients                                        31           143,835       119,538
Pledged bank balances and deposits                                    38i          102,153             –
Bank balances and cash                                                32           229,645     1,268,295

                                                                                  6,809,603    4,273,668

Asset classified as held for sale                                     33            26,646            –

                                                                                  6,836,249    4,273,668

CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade payables                                                        34            54,926       34,819
Payables arising from securities broking                              34           148,176      139,642
Contract liabilities                                                  35            13,183       35,743
Insurance contracts liabilities                                       36             1,174            –
Other payables and accruals                                           37           172,725      168,699
Bank borrowings                                                       38           511,206      722,366
Other loans                                                           39             2,203            –
Amounts due to related parties                                        40           109,238       71,861
Lease liabilities                                                     41            62,294       33,893
Tax payable                                                                          7,502        6,605

                                                                                  1,082,627    1,213,628


                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED     96      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                          As at 31 December 2021




                                                                                       2021        2020
                                                                   Notes         HK$’000       HK$’000

NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                               5,753,622     3,060,040

TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                           17,664,758    15,505,818


EQUITY
Share capital                                                        44            143,971       143,821
Reserves                                                                         3,989,101     3,361,642

Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                     4,133,072     3,505,463
Non-controlling interests                                                        1,132,207       906,111

                                                                                 5,265,279     4,411,574

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Deferred tax liabilities                                             42          1,256,322       914,565
Other payables and accruals                                          37              4,663        44,693
Loans from ultimate holding company                                  43          1,127,196       744,192
Bank borrowings                                                      38          9,967,718     9,385,657
Other loans                                                          39                537             –
Lease liabilities                                                    41             43,043         5,137

                                                                                12,399,479    11,094,244

                                                                                17,664,758    15,505,818




                  Lin Xiaohui                                              Su Jiaohua
                     Director                                               Director




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED     97      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




                                                                                   Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                          Share                                  Assets Exchange                                     Non-
                                                 Share       Share      options     Statutory       Capital revaluation translation        Retained            controlling       Total
                                                capital   premium       reserve       reserve       reserve     reserve     reserve          profits     Total   interests      equity
                                              HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000   HK$’000       HK$’000
                                              (note 44)                (note 45)      (note a)     (note b)

As at 1 January 2020                           143,821    1,918,627      15,054         2,949       586,594        30,978      (565,982)    213,054    2,345,095    874,195    3,219,290

Profit for the year                                  –           –            –             –             –                –          –     885,185     885,185       7,133     892,318
Other comprehensive income/(expense)
  for the year:
Gain on property revaluation                         –           –            –             –             –           728             –           –         728        460        1,188
Income tax relating to gain on
   property revaluation                              –           –            –             –             –          (182)            –           –        (182)       (115)       (297)
Exchange differences arising on translation
  of foreign operations                              –           –            –             –             –                –   274,823            –     274,823         (47)    274,776

Total comprehensive income for the year              –           –            –             –             –           546      274,823      885,185    1,160,554      7,431    1,167,985

Capital contributions from
  non-controlling interests                          –           –            –             –             –                –          –        (186)       (186)     24,485      24,299

Transactions with owners                             –           –            –             –             –                –          –        (186)       (186)     24,485      24,299

As at 31 December 2020                         143,821    1,918,627      15,054         2,949       586,594        31,524      (291,159)   1,098,053   3,505,463    906,111    4,411,574




                                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                              98         ANNUAL REPORT 2021
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




                                                                                    Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                       Share                               Assets Investment Exchange                                   Non-
                                               Share       Share     options    Statutory     Capital revaluation revaluation translation     Retained            controlling        Total
                                              capital   premium      reserve      reserve     reserve     reserve     reserve     reserve       profits     Total interests         equity
                                            HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000                  HK$’000     HK$’000 HK$’000          HK$’000
                                            (note 44)               (note 45)     (note a)   (note b)

As at 1 January 2021                         143,821    1,918,627     15,054        2,949     586,594       31,524            –   (291,159)   1,098,053   3,505,463    906,111     4,411,574

Profit for the year                                –           –           –            –           –            –            –          –     122,197     122,197       (6,263)    115,934
Other comprehensive income for the year:
Gain on property revaluation                       –           –           –            –           –        7,561            –          –           –       7,561       1,493        9,054
Income tax relating to gain on
   property revaluation                            –           –           –            –           –          158            –          –           –         158         100          258
Changes in fair value of equity
  investments at FVTOCI                            –           –           –            –           –            –          621          –            –        621         207          828
Actuarial gains on a defined benefit plan          –           –           –            –           –            –            –          –        3,417      3,417       1,107        4,524
Exchange differences arising on
  translation of foreign operations                –           –           –            –           –            –            –   234,115            –     234,115      28,156      262,271

Total comprehensive income for the year            –           –           –            –           –        7,719          621   234,115      125,614     368,069      24,800      392,869

Exercise of share options                        150       6,015      (2,895)           –           –            –            –          –        2,895      6,165           –        6,165
Lapse of share options                             –           –      (3,281)           –           –            –            –          –        3,281          –           –            –
Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 46)              –           –           –            –           –            –            –          –            –          –      94,736       94,736
Capital contribution from controlling
  shareholder (note 47)                            –           –           –            –     228,893            –            –          –           –     228,893      97,189      326,082
Disposal of subsidiaries without loss of
  control (note 46)                                –           –           –            –      24,482            –            –          –           –      24,482       9,371       33,853

Transactions with owners                         150       6,015      (6,176)           –     253,375            –            –          –        6,176    259,540     201,296      460,836

As at 31 December 2021                       143,971    1,924,642      8,878        2,949     839,969       39,243          621    (57,044)   1,229,843   4,133,072   1,132,207    5,265,279

Notes:

(a)         In accordance with the Articles of Association of all subsidiaries established in the People’s Republic of
            China (the “PRC”), those subsidiaries are required to transfer 5% to 10% of the profit after income tax
            to the statutory reserve until the reserve reaches 50% of the corresponding registered capital. Transfer
            to reserve must be made before the distribution of dividends to equity holders. The statutory reserve
            can be used to make up for previous years’ losses, expand the existing operations or convert into
            additional capital of the subsidiaries.

(b)         Capital reserve of HK$586,594,000 represents the deemed contribution by Dr. Lin Xiaohui (“Dr. Lin”)
            and Madam Su Jiaohua (“Madam Su”) through Manureen Holdings Limited (“Manureen Holdings”) as
            the controlling shareholders of Realord Group Holdings Limited ( the “Company”, together with its
            subsidiaries, the "Group”), in the acquisition of assets through acquisition of subsidiaries by the
            Company from them in 2018. The contribution by the controlling shareholders represents the difference
            between the net assets acquired (net of settlement of outstanding debts) of HK$7,909,770,000 and the
            fair value of total consideration of HK$7,323,176,000.




                                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                             99         ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2021




                                                                                          2021          2020
                                                                              Notes    HK$’000       HK$’000
Operating activities
Profit before income tax                                                                428,467     1,449,970
Adjustments for:
Amortisation for other intangible assets                                       22         3,854         2,788
Depreciation
  – Owned assets                                                                         36,688        25,517
  – Right-of-use assets                                                                  54,545        33,158
  – Prepaid lease payments                                                                  128           112
Exchange loss on loans from ultimate holding company                                     26,975        14,824
Exchange loss on bank borrowings                                                              –       493,916
Finance costs                                                                  10       695,806       630,382
Bank interest income                                                           7        (15,930)      (26,531)
Imputed interest income on gift receivable from Win
  Dynamic Limited (“Win Dynamic”)                                               7        (9,314)            –
Dividend income                                                                 7        (4,074)         (219)
Interest income from margin financing                                           5       (19,269)      (13,421)
Interest income on credit-impaired loan receivables                             7        (7,818)       (7,062)
Claim from legal case                                                          7         (13,888)            –
Gain on fair value changes of investment properties, net                       20     (1,265,256)   (2,463,416)
Impairment losses, net                                                         9           3,646        27,255
Impairment of property, plant and equipment                                                1,992             –
(Gain)/Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                        8           (394)           58
Revaluation (surplus)/deficit on property, plant and
  equipment                                                                     8       (23,396)       23,369
Unrealised fair value loss on financial assets at FVTPL                         8         3,025         4,353
Covid-19-related rent concessions                                                        (5,237)            –

Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                               (109,450)      195,053
(Increase)/Decrease in inventories                                                      (19,673)       30,524
Decrease/(Increase) in trade receivables                                                 86,250      (133,003)
Increase in receivables arising from securities broking                                (125,202)      (75,839)
Increase in loan receivables                                                            (29,320)     (177,679)
Decrease/(Increase) in prepayments, deposits and other
  receivables                                                                           161,380       (69,184)
Increase in proposed development project                                                      –        (8,534)
Increase in financial assets at FVTPL                                                   (58,492)       (5,520)
Increase in cash held on behalf of clients                                              (24,297)     (113,246)
Decrease in pension scheme assets                                                         1,008             –
Decrease in trade payables                                                              (12,667)      (20,541)
Increase in payables arising from securities broking                                      8,534       122,789
(Decrease)/Increase in contract liabilities                                             (31,861)       30,602
(Decrease)/Increase in other payables and accruals                                      (58,575)       58,198
Decrease in insurance contracts liabilities                                                (119)            –

Cash used in operations                                                                (212,484)     (166,380)
Interest received                                                                        19,269        13,421
Income taxes paid                                                                        (5,224)      (14,694)

Net cash used in operating activities                                                  (198,439)     (167,653)


                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        100      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2021




                                                                                          2021          2020
                                                                              Notes    HK$’000       HK$’000
Investing activities
Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                    46      (298,828)            –
Capital contribution from controlling shareholder                              47         1,146             –
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                               (11,405)      (22,961)
Payment for acquisition of an equity investment                                23             –        (8,899)
Additions to investment properties                                             20       (42,177)            –
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                     873            85
Proceeds from repayment of other receivables
  from a local government authority                                                      20,788        18,841
Proceeds from claim of legal case                                              37b       42,843             –
Bank interest received                                                                   15,930        26,531
Dividend received                                                                         4,074           219
Increase in pledged bank balances and deposits                                             (114)            –

Net cash (used in)/from investing activities                                           (266,870)       13,816

Financing activities
New bank borrowings raised                                                              800,165      1,984,979
Loans from ultimate holding company                                                     542,353      3,434,748
Proceeds from related parties                                                            53,317              –
Repayment of other loans                                                               (151,953)             –
Repayment of bank borrowings                                                           (874,273)      (553,189)
Repayment to ultimate holding company                                                  (186,324)    (3,393,068)
Repayment to related parties                                                            (36,656)        (1,549)
Payment of lease liabilities                                                            (77,740)       (33,064)
Proceeds from disposal of subsidiaries without loss of control                           33,853              –
Proceeds from issue of shares to non-controlling interests                                    –         24,485
Proceeds from exercise of share options                                                   6,165              –
Interest paid                                                                          (693,337)      (628,042)

Net cash (used in)/from financing activities                                           (584,430)      835,300

Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                  (1,049,739)     681,463
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                 1,268,295      565,052
Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates                                               11,089       21,780

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year,
 represented by bank balances and cash                                                  229,645     1,268,295




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        101      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




1.   GENERAL
     The Company is a public limited company incorporated in Bermuda and its shares are listed
     on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). Its
     parent and ultimate holding company is Manureen Holdings, a private limited company
     incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”). The ultimate shareholders of Manureen
     Holdings are Dr. Lin and Madam Su, who own 70% and 30% equity interests of Manureen
     Holdings, respectively. Dr. Lin is also the chairman and an executive director of the
     Company and Madam Su is an executive director of the Company. The addresses of the
     registered office and principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in the
     “Corporate Information” section to the annual report.


     The Company acts as an investment holding company. The principal activities of its principal
     subsidiaries are set out in note 58.


     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollar (“HK$”), which is
     also the functional currency of the Company.


     In these consolidated financial statements, certain English name of the companies referred
     herein represent the management’s best effort to translate the Chinese name of the companies
     as no English name has been registered.


     The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 were approved
     for issue by the board of directors on 31 March 2022.


2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL
     REPORTING STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”)
     Amendments to HKFRSs that are effective for the current year
     The Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by the Hong Kong
     Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) for the first time in the current year:


     Amendments to HKFRS 16                                                Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions
     Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39 and HKFRS 7,                           Interest Rate Benchmark Reform
       HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16                                                 – Phase 2




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       102      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    For the year ended 31 December 2021




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HKFRSs (Continued)
     Amendments to HKFRSs that are effective for the current year (Continued)
     In addition, on 1 January 2021, the Group has early applied the Amendment to HKFRS 16
     “Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021” which is mandatorily effective for
     the Group for financial year beginning on or after 1 April 2021.


     Except for those mentioned below, the application of the amendments to HKFRSs in the
     current year has had no material impact on the Group’s financial performance and positions
     for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated
     financial statements.


     Amendment to HKFRS 16 “Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions” and Amendment to HKFRS 16
     “Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021”
     Amendments to HKFRS 16 only apply to lessee accounting and have no effect on lessor
     accounting. The amendments provide a practical expedient that allows a lessee to by-pass the
     need to evaluate whether certain qualifying rent concessions occurring as a direct
     consequence of the Covid-19 (“Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions”) are lease modification
     and, instead, account for those rent concessions as if they were not lease modifications.


     The practical expedient is only applicable to Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions and only if
     all of the following conditions are met:


     (a)   the change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the lease that is
           substantially the same as, or less than, the consideration for the lease immediately
           preceding the change;


     (b)   any reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before 30
           June 2022; and


     (c)   there is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease.


     The Group has elected to early adopt the Amendment to HKFRS 16 “Covid-19-Related Rent
     Concessions beyond 30 June 2021” and applied the practical expedient to all qualifying
     Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions granted to the Group during the current year.


     Consequently, rent concessions of HK$5,237,000 received have been recognised in
     “Administrative expenses” in profit or loss in the period in which the event or condition that
     triggers those payments occurred.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      103      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2021




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HKFRSs (Continued)
     New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective
     The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have
     been issued but are not yet effective:


     HKFRS 17                                             Insurance Contracts and related amendments2
     Amendments to HKFRS 3                                Reference to the Conceptual Framework4
     Amendments to HKFRS 10                               Sale or Contribution of Assets between an
         and HKAS 28                                         Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture3
     Amendments to HKAS 1                                 Classification of Liabilities as Current or
                                                             Non-current and related amendments to
                                                             Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)2
     Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS                       Disclosure of Accounting Policies2
         Practice Statement 2
     Amendments to HKAS 8                                 Definition of Accounting Estimates2
     Amendments to HKAS 12                                Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities
                                                             arising from a Single Transaction2
     Amendments to HKAS 16                                Property, Plant and Equipment – Proceeds
                                                             before Intended Use1
     Amendments to HKAS 37                                Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a
                                                             Contract1
     Amendments to HKFRSs                                 Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-20201
     Accounting Guideline 5 (Revised)                     Merger Accounting for Common
                                                             Control Combination4

     1
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022
     2
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023
     3
            Effective date not yet determined
     4
            Effective for business combination/common control combination for which the acquisition/
            combination date is on or after the beginning of the first annual period beginning on or after 1
            January 2022


     The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of the new and amendments to
     HKFRSs will have no material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        104      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRSs issued
     by the HKICPA. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable
     disclosure requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock
     Exchange (the “Listing Rules”) and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except
     for certain properties and financial instruments that are measured at revalued amounts or
     fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting policies set out
     below.

     Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for
     goods and services.

     Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in
     an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of
     whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In
     estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the
     characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics
     into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for
     measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is
     determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the
     scope of HKFRS 2 “Share-based Payment”, leasing transactions that are accounted for in
     accordance with HKFRS 16 “Leases”, and measurements that have some similarities to fair
     value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in HKAS 2 “Inventories” or value in
     use in HKAS 36 “Impairment of Assets”.

     A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s
     ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by
     selling it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

     For financial instruments and properties which are transacted at fair value and a valuation
     technique that unobservable inputs are to be used to measure fair value in subsequent
     periods, the valuation technique is calibrated so that at initial recognition the results of the
     valuation technique equals the transaction price.

     Non-current assets held for sale are stated the lower of carrying amount and fair value less
     costs to sell.

     In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into
     Level 1, 2 or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are
     observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety,
     which are described as follows:

     • Level 1:    inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or
                   liabilities that the Group can access at the measurement date;

     • Level 2:    inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are
                   observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, and not using
                   significant unobservable inputs; and

     • Level 3:    inputs are significant unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.


               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       105      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     The principal accounting policies are set out below.


     3.1   Basis of consolidation
           The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the
           Company and entities controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries made up to 31
           December each year. Control is achieved when the Company:


           •     has power over the investee;


           •     is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the
                 investee; and


           •     has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.


           The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances
           indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed
           above.


           Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the
           subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, the
           results of subsidiaries acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the
           consolidated statement of profit or loss from the date the Group gains control until the
           date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.


           Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the
           owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests (“NCI”). Total
           comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the Company and
           to the NCI even if this results in the NCI having a deficit balance.


           When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to
           bring their accounting policies used into line with the Group’s accounting policies.


           All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating
           to transactions between the members of the Group are eliminated in full on
           consolidation.


           NCI in subsidiaries are identified separately from the Group’s equity therein, which
           represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of
           net assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       106      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.1   Basis of consolidation (Continued)
           Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in a loss of control
           are accounted for as equity transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts
           of controlling interests within consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative
           interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain or loss is recognised.


           In the Company’s statement of financial position, subsidiaries are carried at cost less
           any impairment loss unless the subsidiary is held for sale or included in a disposal
           group. Cost is adjusted to reflect changes in consideration arising from contingent
           consideration amendments. Cost also includes direct attributable costs of investment.


           The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividends
           received and receivable at the reporting date. All dividends whether received out of
           the investee’s pre or post-acquisition profits are recognised in the Company’s profit or
           loss.


     3.2   Business combinations
           Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The
           consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at fair value, which is
           calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred by the
           Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the
           equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree.
           Acquisition-related costs are generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      107      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.2   Business combinations (Continued)
           At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are
           recognised at their fair values, except that:


           •     deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee
                 benefit arrangements are recognised and measured in accordance with HKAS 12
                 “Income Taxes” and HKAS 19 “Employee Benefits”, respectively;


           •     liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of
                 the acquiree or share-based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to
                 replace share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree are measured in
                 accordance with HKFRS 2 at the acquisition date (see the accounting policy
                 below);


           •     assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with
                 HKFRS 5 “Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations” are
                 measured in accordance with that standard; and


           •     lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the
                 remaining lease payments (as defined in HKFRS 16) as if the acquired leases
                 were new leases at the acquisition date, except for leases for which the lease term
                 ends within 12 months of the acquisition date. Right-of-use assets are recognised
                 and measured at the same amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to
                 reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when compared with
                 market terms.


           Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the
           amount of any NCI in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held
           equity interest in the acquiree (if any) over the net amount of the identifiable assets
           acquired and the liabilities assumed as at acquisition date. If, after reassessment, the
           net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum
           of the consideration transferred, the amount of any NCI in the acquiree and the fair
           value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is
           recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.


           NCI that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate
           share of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially
           measured at the NCI’ proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s
           identifiable net assets or at fair value. The choice of measurement basis is made on a
           transaction-by-transaction basis.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       108      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.2   Business combinations (Continued)
           When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes a
           contingent consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its
           acquisition-date fair value and included as part of the consideration transferred in a
           business combination. Changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration that
           qualify as measurement period adjustments are adjusted retrospectively. Measurement
           period adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional information obtained
           during the “measurement period” (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition
           date) about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.


           The subsequent accounting for the contingent consideration that do not qualify as
           measurement period adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration is
           classified. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured at
           subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within
           equity. Contingent consideration that is classified as an asset or a liability is
           remeasured to fair value at subsequent reporting dates, with the corresponding gain or
           loss being recognised in profit or loss.


     3.3   Acquisition of a subsidiary not constituting a business
           When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a
           business, the Group identifies and recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired
           and liabilities assumed by allocating the purchase price first to financial assets and
           financial liabilities at the respective fair values, the remaining balance of the purchase
           price is then allocated to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis of their
           relative fair values at the date of purchase. Such a transaction does not give rise to
           goodwill or bargain purchase gain.


     3.4   Goodwill
           Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the
           date of acquisition of the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated
           impairment losses, if any.


           For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s
           cash-generating units (“CGUs”) (or groups of CGUs) that is expected to benefit from
           the synergies of the combination, which represent the lowest level at which the
           goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and not larger than an
           operating segment.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       109      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.4   Goodwill (Continued)
           A cash-generating unit (“CGU”) (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill has been
           allocated is tested for impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication
           that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting
           period, the CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for
           impairment before the end of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount is less
           than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying
           amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the
           carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of CGUs). Any impairment loss for
           goodwill is recognised directly in profit or loss. An impairment loss recognised for
           goodwill is not reversed in subsequent periods.


           On disposal of the relevant CGU or any of the CGU within the group of CGUs, the
           attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount of
           profit or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation within the CGU (or
           a CGU within a group of CGUs), the amount of goodwill disposed of is measured on
           the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the CGU) disposed of and the
           portion of the CGU (or the group of CGUs) retained.


     3.5   Non-current assets held for sale
           Non-current assets that are highly probable to be recovered principally through sale
           rather than through continuing use, are classified as held for sale. Immediately before
           classification as held for sale, the assets are remeasured in accordance with the Group’s
           accounting policies. Thereafter generally the assets are measured at the lower of their
           carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell. Impairment losses on initial
           classification as held for sale and subsequent gains and losses on remeasurement are
           recognised in profit or loss. Gains are not recognised in excess of any cumulative
           impairment loss.


     3.6   Revenue
           The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e.
           when control of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation
           is transferred to the customer.


           A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or
           services) that is distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially
           the same.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      110      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.6   Revenue (Continued)
           Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to
           the progress towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if
           one of the following criteria is met:


           •     the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the
                 Group’s performance as the Group performs;


           •     the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls
                 as the Group performs; or


           •     the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the
                 Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance
                 completed to date.


           Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control
           of the distinct good or service.


           A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or
           services that the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is
           assessed for impairment in accordance with HKFRS 9 “Financial instruments”. In
           contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to consideration, i.e.
           only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.


           A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a
           customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of
           consideration is due) from the customer.


           A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for
           and presented on a net basis.


           For over time revenue recognition, the progress towards complete satisfaction of a
           performance obligation is measured based on output method, which is to recognise
           revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of the goods or services
           transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services
           promised under the contract, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring
           control of goods or services.


           Dividend income is recognised when the right to receive payment is established.


           The Group’s accounting policy for rental income is described in note 3.7.


               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        111      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.7   Leases
           Definition of a lease and the Group as a lessee
           At inception of a contract, the Group considers whether a contract is, or contains a
           lease. A lease is defined as “a contract, or part of a contract, that conveys the right to
           use an identified asset (the underlying asset) for a period of time in exchange for
           consideration”. To apply this definition, the Group assesses whether the contract meets
           three key evaluations which are whether:


           •     the contract contains an identified asset, which is either explicitly identified in
                 the contract or implicitly specified by being identified at the time the asset is
                 made available to the Group;


           •     the Group has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from
                 use of the identified asset throughout the period of use, considering its rights
                 within the defined scope of the contract; and


           •     the Group has the right to direct the use of the identified asset throughout the
                 period of use. The Group assess whether it has the right to direct “how and for
                 what purpose” the asset is used throughout the period of use.


           For contracts that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or
           non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each
           lease and non-lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone prices.


           Measurement and recognition of leases as a lessee
           At lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease
           liability on the consolidated statement of financial position. The right-of-use asset is
           measured at cost, which is made up of the initial measurement of the lease liability,
           any initial direct costs incurred by the Group, an estimate of any costs to dismantle and
           remove the underlying asset at the end of the lease, and any lease payments made in
           advance of the lease commencement date (net of any lease incentives received).


           Except for those right-of-use assets meeting the definition of investment properties and
           those relating to a class of property, plant and equipment to which revaluation model
           was applied, the Group depreciates the right-of-use assets on a straight-line basis from
           the lease commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the
           right-of-use asset or the end of the lease term unless the Group is reasonably certain to
           obtain ownership at the end of the lease term. The Group also assesses the right-of-use
           asset (except for those meeting the definition of investment properties) for impairment
           when such indicator exists.



               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       112      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.7   Leases (Continued)
           Definition of a lease and the Group as a lessee (Continued)
           Measurement and recognition of leases as a lessee (Continued)
           At the commencement date, the Group measures the lease liability at the present value
           of the lease payments unpaid at that date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in
           the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group’s incremental
           borrowing rate.


           Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability are made up of fixed
           payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable,
           variable payments based on an index or rate, and amounts expected to be payable
           under a residual value guarantee. The lease payments also include the exercise price of
           a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payment of
           penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the
           option to terminate.


           Subsequent to initial measurement, the liability will be reduced for lease payments
           made and increased for interest cost on the lease liability. It is remeasured to reflect
           any reassessment or lease modification, or if there are changes in in-substance fixed
           payments.


           The Group remeasures lease liabilities whenever:


           •     there are changes in lease term or in the assessment of exercise of a purchase
                 option, in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the
                 revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.


           •     the lease payments changes due to changes in market rental rates following a
                 market rent review, in which cases the related lease liability is remeasured by
                 discounting the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate.


           For lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group
           remeasures the lease liability based on the lease term of the modified lease by
           discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective
           date of modification. The only exception is any rent concessions which arose as a direct
           consequence of the Covid-19 pandemic and which satisfied the conditions set out in
           paragraph 46B of HKFRS 16. In such cases, the Group took advantage of the practical
           expedient set out in paragraph 46A of HKFRS 16 and recognised the change in
           consideration as if it were not a lease modification.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       113      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.7   Leases (Continued)
           Definition of a lease and the Group as a lessee (Continued)
           Measurement and recognition of leases as a lessee (Continued)
           When the lease is remeasured, the corresponding adjustment is reflected in the
           right-of-use asset, or profit and loss if the right-of-use asset is already reduced to zero.


           The Group has elected to account for short-term leases using the practical expedients.
           Instead of recognising a right-of-use asset and lease liability, the payments in relation
           to these leases are recognised as an expense in profit or loss on a straight-line basis
           over the lease term. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 month or less.


           On the consolidated statement of financial position, right-of-use assets that do not meet
           the definition of investment property have been included in “Property, plant and
           equipment”. Right-of-use assets that meet the definition of investment property are
           presented within “Investment properties”. The prepaid lease payments for leasehold
           land are presented as “Prepaid lease payments” under non-current assets.


           Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted for under HKFRS 9 and initially
           measured at fair value. Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered
           as additional lease payments and included in the cost of right-of-use assets.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       114      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.7   Leases (Continued)
           The Group as a lessor
           As a lessor, the Group classifies its leases as either operating or finance leases.


           A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and
           rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset, and classified as an operating
           lease if it does not.


           The Group also earns rental income from operating leases of its properties. Rental
           income is recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.


           When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for the head lease and the
           sub-leases as two separate contracts. The sub-leases are classified as a finance or
           operating lease with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease, not
           with reference to the underlying asset. If the head lease is a short-term lease to which
           the Group applies the short-term lease exemption, then the Group classifies the
           sub-lease as an operating lease.


           Prepaid lease payments
           “Prepaid lease payments” (which meet the definition of right-of-use assets) represent
           the upfront payment for long-term land lease in which the payment can be reliably
           measured. It is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated
           impairment losses. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the term of
           the lease/right-of-use except where an alternative basis is more representative of the
           time pattern of benefits to be derived by the Group from use of the land.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       115      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.8   Foreign currencies
           In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in
           currencies other than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are
           recognised at the rates of exchanges prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the
           end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are
           retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair
           value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing
           on the date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are
           measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.


           Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the
           retranslation of monetary items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which
           they arise.


           For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and
           liabilities of the Group’s operations are translated into the presentation currency of the
           Group (i.e. HK$) using exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period.
           Income and expenses items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period,
           unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly during that period, in which case the
           exchange rates at the date of transactions are used. Exchange differences arising, if any,
           are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the
           heading of exchange translation reserve (attributed to NCI as appropriate).


           On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group’s entire interest
           in a foreign operation, or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that
           includes a foreign operation, or a partial disposal of an interest in a joint arrangement
           or an associate that includes a foreign operation of which the retained interest becomes
           a financial asset), all of the exchange differences accumulated in equity in respect of
           that operation attributable to the owners of the Company are reclassified to profit or
           loss.


           Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an
           acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of that foreign
           operation and translated at the rate of exchange prevailing at the end of each reporting
           period. Exchange differences arising are recognised in other comprehensive income.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      116      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.9    Borrowing costs
            Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of
            qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to
            get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets until such
            time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.


            Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending
            their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for
            capitalisation.


            All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they
            are incurred.


     3.10   Employee benefits
            Retirement benefit costs
            The Group participates in defined contribution retirement schemes for its employees in
            Hong Kong, the PRC and Japan. The Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes participated
            by the Group in Hong Kong (the “MPF Schemes”) are registered under and comply
            with the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance. The assets of these schemes
            are held in separate trustee-administered funds. The Group and its employees are each
            required to make contributions to the MPF Schemes at 5% of the employees’ relevant
            income and capped at HK$1,500 per month. The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries
            in the PRC and Japan are members of the state-managed retirement benefit schemes
            operated by the respective government. The Company’s subsidiaries in the PRC and
            Japan are required to contribute a certain percentage of their employees’ payroll to the
            retirement benefit schemes to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with
            respect to the retirement benefit schemes is to make the required contributions under
            the schemes. The Group has no legal constructive obligations to pay further
            contributions.


            Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are recognised as an expense
            when employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        117      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.10   Employee benefits (Continued)
            Retirement benefit costs (Continued)
            In addition, the Group also operates a funded final salary defined benefit pension
            scheme (the “Pension Scheme”) for those employees of certain subsidiaries who are
            eligible to participate in the Pension Scheme.


            An actuarial estimate is made annually by a firm of independent qualified professional
            actuary, using the projected unit credit actuarial valuation method, of the present value
            of the Group’s future defined benefit obligation under the Pension Scheme earned by
            the employees at the end of the reporting period. The assets contributed by the Group
            to the Pension Scheme are held separately from the assets of the Group in an
            independently administered fund, and are valued at their fair value at the end of the
            reporting period.


            Remeasurements arising from defined benefit pension plans, comprising actuarial gains
            and losses, the effect of the asset ceiling (excluding amounts included in net interest on
            the net defined benefit liability) and the return on plan assets (excluding amounts
            included in net interest on the net defined benefit liability), are recognised immediately
            in the consolidated statement of financial position with a corresponding debit or credit
            to retained profits through other comprehensive income in the period in which they
            occur. Remeasurements are not reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods.


            Past service costs are recognised in profit or loss at the earlier of:


            •     the date of the plan amendment or curtailment; and


            •     the date that the Group recognises restructuring-related costs


            Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit
            liability or asset. The Group recognises the following changes in the net defined benefit
            obligation under “Administrative expenses” in profit or loss by function.


            •     Service costs comprising current service costs, past-service costs, gains and losses
                  on curtailments and non-routine settlements; and


            •     Net interest expense or income.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       118      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.10   Employee benefits (Continued)
            Short-term employee benefits
            Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the
            benefits expected to be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All
            short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense unless another HKFRS
            requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.


            A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries,
            annual leave and sick leave) after deducting any amount already paid.


            Share-based payment arrangements
            Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar
            services are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.


            The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date
            without taking into consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a
            straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity
            instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (share
            options reserve). At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of
            the number of equity instruments expected to vest based on assessment of all relevant
            non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if
            any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised
            estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the share options reserve.


            When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share options
            reserve will be transferred to share premium. When the share options are forfeited after
            the vesting date or are still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously
            recognised in share options reserve will be transferred to retained profits.


     3.11   Taxation
            Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.


            The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs
            from profit/(loss) before income tax because of income or expense that are taxable or
            deductible in other years and items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s
            liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or
            substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       119      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.11   Taxation (Continued)
            Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of
            assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax
            bases used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally
            recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally
            recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that
            taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences
            can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the
            temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business
            combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable
            profit nor the accounting profit. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised
            if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.


            Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with
            investments in subsidiaries, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of
            the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not
            reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary
            differences associated with such investments are only recognised to the extent that it is
            probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits
            of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.


            The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting
            period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable
            profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.


            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to
            apply in the period in which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax
            rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the
            reporting period.


            The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that
            would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting
            period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.


            For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for investment properties that are
            measured using the fair value model, the carrying amounts of such properties are
            presumed to be recovered entirely through sale, unless the presumption is rebutted.
            The presumption is rebutted when the investment property is depreciable and is held
            within a business model whose objective is to consume substantially all of the
            economic benefits embodied in the investment property over time, rather than through
            sale.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      120      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.11   Taxation (Continued)
            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to
            set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income
            taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the same taxation authority.


            Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to
            items that are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which
            case, the current and deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income
            or directly in equity respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the
            initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the
            accounting for the business combination.


     3.12   Property, plant and equipment
            Property, plant and equipment (other than cost of right-of-use assets as described in
            note 3.7) including leasehold land and buildings held for use in the production or
            supply of goods or services, or for administrative purposes are stated in the
            consolidated statement of financial position at cost or revalued amount less subsequent
            accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.


            Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost or valuation of assets less their
            residual values, if any, over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line basis.
            The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at
            the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted
            for on a prospective basis.


            Any revaluation increase arising from revaluation of leasehold land and buildings is
            recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in assets revaluation
            reserve, except to the extent that it reverses a revaluation decrease of the same asset
            previously recognise in profit or loss, in which case the increase is credited to profit or
            loss to the extent of the decrease previously charged. A decrease in net carrying
            amount arising on revaluation of property, plant and equipment is recognised in profit
            or loss to the extent that it exceeds the balance, if any, on the assets revaluation reserve
            relating to a previous revaluation of that asset. On the subsequent sale or retirement of
            a revalued asset, the attributable revaluation surplus is transferred to retained profits.


            An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no
            future economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any
            gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and
            equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying
            amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      121      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.13   Investment properties
            Investment properties are properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital
            appreciation. Investment properties include land held for undetermined future use,
            which is regarded as held for capital appreciation purpose.


            Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including any directly attributable
            expenditure. Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are measured at
            fair value, adjusted to exclude any prepaid or accrued operating lease income. Gains or
            losses arising from changes in the fair value of investment properties are included in
            profit or loss for the period in which they arise.


            An investment property is derecognised upon disposal or when the investment
            property is permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefits are
            expected from its disposal. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the property
            (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying
            amount of the asset) is included in profit or loss in the period in which the property is
            derecognised.


            When the use of a property changes such that it is reclassified as property, plant and
            equipment, its fair value at the date of reclassification becomes its cost for subsequent
            accounting.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       122      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.14   Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
            Intangible assets acquired in a business combination
            Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from
            goodwill and are initially recognised at their fair values at the acquisition date (which
            is regarded as their costs).


            Intangible asset acquired in a business combination with finite useful life is carried at
            cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses.
            Amortisation for intangible asset with finite useful life is recognised on straight-line
            basis over its estimated useful life. Amortisation commences when the intangible asset
            is available for use. The following useful life is applied:


            Trademark                        5–10 years


            Licenses acquired in a business combination with indefinite useful lives are carried at
            cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses as described in note 3.15.


            The licenses have a legal life of one year but is renewable every one year at minimal
            cost. The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the Group would renew the
            licenses continuously and has the ability to do so. Licenses have been considered to
            have an indefinite life because they are expected to contribute to the net cash flows of
            the Group indefinitely, and are not amortised.


            At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the amortisation method of an
            intangible asset with finite useful life and the useful life of an intangible asset that is
            not being amortised to determine whether events and circumstances continue to
            support an indefinite useful life assessment of that asset.


            An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits
            are expected from use or disposal. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an
            intangible asset, measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the
            carrying amount of the asset, are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is
            derecognised.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       123      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.15   Impairment on tangible and intangible assets other than goodwill
            At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its
            tangible assets (including property, plant and equipment (including right-of-use assets)
            and prepaid lease payments), proposed development project, intangible assets (other
            than goodwill) and the Company’s investments in subsidiaries to determine whether
            there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such
            indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to
            determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). Intangible assets with indefinite
            useful lives are tested for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an
            indication that they may be impaired.

            The recoverable amount of these tangible and intangible assets are estimated
            individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an asset
            individually, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the CGU to which the
            asset belongs.

            In testing a CGU for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant CGU
            when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise
            they are allocated to the smallest group of CGUs for which a reasonable and consistent
            allocation basis can be established. The recoverable amount is determined for the CGU
            or group of CGUs to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the
            carrying amount of the relevant CGU or group of CGUs.

            Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use.
            In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their
            present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of
            the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a CGU) for which the
            estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

            If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a CGU) is estimated to be less than its
            carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a CGU) is reduced to its
            recoverable amount. For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot
            be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis to a CGU, the Group compares the
            carrying amount of a group of CGUs, including the carrying amounts of the corporate
            assets or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group of CGUs, with the
            recoverable amount of the group of CGUs. In allocating the impairment loss, the
            impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if
            applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying
            amount of each asset in the unit or the group of CGUs. The carrying amount of an asset
            is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable),
            its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that
            would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other
            assets of the unit or the group of CGUs. An impairment loss is recognised immediately
            in profit or loss.


                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      124      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.15   Impairment on tangible and intangible assets other than goodwill (Continued)
            Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or
            CGU or a group of CGUs) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable
            amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying
            amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for
            the asset (or a CGU or a group of CGUs) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment
            loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.


     3.16   Inventories
            Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories
            are determined on a weighted average method. Net realisable value represents the
            estimated selling price for inventories less all estimated costs of completion and costs
            necessary to make the sale.


     3.17   Provisions and contingent liabilities
            Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or
            constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required
            to settle that obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the
            obligation.


            The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required
            to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account
            the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured
            using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is
            the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is
            material).


            All provisions are reviewed at the end of each reporting period and adjusted to reflect
            the current best estimate.


            When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected
            to be recovered from a third party, a receivable is recognised as an asset if it is virtually
            certain that reimbursement will be received and the amount of the receivable can be
            measured reliably.


            Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the
            amount cannot be estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent
            liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote. Possible
            obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or
            non-occurrence of one or more future uncertain events not wholly within the control of
            the Group, are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow
            of economic benefits is remote.


                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       125      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.18   Financial instruments
            Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a
            party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or
            sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular
            way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of
            assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market
            place.

            Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for
            trade receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in
            accordance with HKFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”. Transaction
            costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and
            financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL) are
            added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities,
            as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the
            acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognised
            immediately in profit or loss.

            The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a
            financial asset or financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest
            expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly
            discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points
            paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction
            costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset
            or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying
            amount on initial recognition.

            Interest income which are derived from the Group’s ordinary course of business are
            presented as revenue.

            For purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, a credit-adjusted effective
            interest rate is calculated by discounting the estimated future cash flows, including
            expected credit losses (“ECL”), to the amortised cost on initial recognition.

            Financial assets
            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
            Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at
            amortised cost:

            •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect
                  contractual cash flows; and

            •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
                  payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       126      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.18   Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial assets (Continued)
            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)
            Financial assets (debt investments) that meet the following conditions are subsequently
            measured at FVTOCI:


            •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by
                  both selling and collecting contractual cash flows; and


            •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
                  payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.


            All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial
            recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent
            changes in fair value of an equity investment in other comprehensive income if that
            equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised
            by an acquirer in a business combination to which HKFRS 3 “Business Combinations”
            applies.


            A financial asset is held for trading if:


            •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term;


            •     on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments
                  that the Group manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term
                  profit-taking; or


            •     it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.


            In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to
            be measured at the amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so
            eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       127      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                         For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.18   Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial assets (Continued)
            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)
            (i)      Amortised cost and interest income
                     Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial
                     assets measured subsequently at amortised cost and debt instruments/
                     receivables subsequently measured at FVTOCI. For financial instruments other
                     than purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, interest income is
                     calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of
                     a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become
                     credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have subsequently become
                     credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest
                     rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If
                     the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the
                     financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by
                     applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial
                     asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that
                     the asset is no longer credit-impaired.


                     For purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, the Group
                     recognises interest income by applying the credit-adjusted effective interest rate
                     to the amortised cost of the financial asset from initial recognition. The
                     calculation does not revert to the gross basis even if the credit risk of the
                     financial asset subsequently improves so that the financial asset is no longer
                     credit-impaired.


            (ii)     Equity instruments designated at FVTOCI
                     Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair
                     value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other
                     comprehensive income and accumulated in reserve; and are not subject to
                     impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to
                     profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to
                     retained profits.


                     Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit
                     or loss when the Group’s right to receive the dividends is established, unless the
                     dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the investment.
                     Dividends are included in the “Other income” line item in profit or loss.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       128      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                         For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.18   Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial assets (Continued)
            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)
            (iii)     Financial assets at FVTPL
                      Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised
                      cost or FVTOCI or designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.


                      Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
                      period, with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net
                      gain or loss recognised in profit or loss includes any dividend or interest earned
                      on the financial asset and is included in the “Other income” line item.


            Impairment of financial assets
            The Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on financial assets
            which are subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (including trade and other
            receivables, receivables arising from securities broking, loan receivables, amounts due
            from related parties, cash held on behalf of clients, pledged bank balances and deposits
            and bank balances). The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect
            changes in credit risk since initial recognition.


            Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over
            the expected life of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”)
            represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that
            are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessments are done based on
            the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the
            debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions
            at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.


            The Group recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables, receivables arising from
            securities broking and loan receivables. The ECL on these assets are assessed
            individually for each debtor and those balances that are credit-impaired.




                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      129      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.18   Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial assets (Continued)
            Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
            For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL,
            unless there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in
            which case the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL
            should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a
            default occurring since initial recognition.


            (i)     Significant increase in credit risk
                    In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial
                    recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial
                    instrument at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the
                    financial instrument at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment,
                    the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is
                    reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking
                    information that is available without undue cost or effort.


                    In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing
                    whether credit risk has increased significantly:


                    •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s
                          external (if available) or internal credit rating;


                    •     significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a
                          significant increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for
                          the debtor;




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       130      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.18   Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial assets (Continued)
            Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
            (i)      Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)
                     •     existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic
                           conditions that are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s
                           ability to meet its debt obligations;


                     •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of
                           the debtor; or


                     •     an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory,
                           economic, or technological environment of the debtor that results in a
                           significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.


                     Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that
                     the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition when
                     contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has
                     reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.


                     The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify
                     whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as
                     appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant
                     increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.


            (ii)     Definition of default
                     For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default
                     occurs when information developed internally or obtained from external sources
                     indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in
                     full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).


                     Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a
                     financial asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable
                     and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion
                     is more appropriate.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      131      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.18   Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial assets (Continued)
            Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
            (iii)     Credit-impaired financial assets
                      A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a
                      detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have
                      occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable
                      data about the following events:


                      (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;


                      (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;


                      (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating
                            to the borrower’s financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a
                            concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider;


                      (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other
                            financial reorganisation; or


                      (e)   the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of
                            financial difficulties.


            (iv)      Write off policy
                      The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that
                      the counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect
                      of recovery, for example, when the counterparty has been placed under
                      liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings whichever occurs sooner.
                      Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under
                      the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where
                      appropriate. A write off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent
                      recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.




                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       132      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.18   Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial assets (Continued)
            Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
            (v)     Measurement and recognition of ECL
                    The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given
                    default (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at
                    default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is
                    based on historical data and forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL
                    reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with
                    the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.


                    Generally, the ECL is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash
                    flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash
                    flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate
                    determined at initial recognition.


                    Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial
                    asset unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is
                    calculated based on amortised cost of the financial asset.


                    The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial
                    instruments and the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss
                    allowance account.


            Derecognition of financial assets
            The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash
            flows from the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all
            the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity.


            On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference
            between the asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and
            receivable is recognised in profit or loss.


            On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected
            on initial recognition to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously
            accumulated in reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to retained
            profits.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      133      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.18   Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial liabilities and equity
            Classification as debt or equity
            Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in
            accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a
            financial liability and an equity instrument.

            Equity instruments
            An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of
            an entity after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the
            Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

            Financial liabilities
            All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective
            interest method or at FVTPL.

            Derecognition of financial liabilities
            The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s
            obligations are discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the
            carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and
            payable is recognised in profit or loss.

            Offsetting a financial asset and a financial liability
            A financial asset and a financial liability are offset and the net amount is presented in
            the consolidated statement of financial position when, and only when, the Group
            currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts; and intends
            either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability
            simultaneously.

     3.19   Government grants
            Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a
            reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and the Group will comply with
            all attached conditions. Government grants are deferred and recognised in profit or
            loss over the period necessary to match them with the costs that the grants are
            intended to compensate. Government grants relating to the purchase of assets are
            included in liabilities as “Other payables and accruals” in the consolidated statement of
            financial position and are recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the
            expected lives of the related assets/deducted from the carrying amount of the asset
            and consequently are effectively recognised in profit or loss over the useful life of the
            asset by way of reduced depreciation expense.

            Government grants relating to income is presented in gross under “Other income” in
            the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED         134      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                           For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.20   Related parties
            For the purposes of these consolidated financial statements, a party is considered to be
            related to the Group if:


            (a)     the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and if that person:


                    (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;


                    (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or


                    (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent
                            of the Group.


            (b)     the party is an entity and if any of the following conditions applies:


                    (i)     the entity and the Group are members of the same group.


                    (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate
                            or joint venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a
                            member).


                    (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party.


                    (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an
                            associate of the third entity.


                    (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of
                            either the Group or an entity related to the Group.


                    (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).


                    (vii) a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a
                            member of the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of
                            the entity).


                    (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key
                            management personnel services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.


            Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be
            expected to influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED          135      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.21   Cash and cash equivalents
            Cash and cash equivalents include cash at bank and in hand, demand deposits with
            banks and short term highly liquid investments with original maturities of three
            months or less that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and which are
            subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. For the purpose of the consolidated
            statement of cash flows presentation, cash and cash equivalents include bank
            overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s
            cash management.

     3.22   Share capital
            Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

     3.23   Product classification – Insurance contracts
            Insurance contracts are those contracts when the Group (the insurer) has accepted
            significant insurance risk from another party (the policyholders) by agreeing to
            compensate the policyholders if a specified uncertain future event (the insured event)
            adversely affects the policyholders. As a general guideline, the Group determines
            whether it has significant insurance risk, by comparing benefits payable after an
            insured event with benefits payable if the insured event did not occur. Insurance
            contracts can also transfer financial risk.

            Once a contract has been classified as an insurance contract, it remains an insurance
            contract for the remaining of its lifetime, even if the insurance risk reduces significantly
            during this period, unless all rights and obligations are extinguished or expire.

     3.24   Insurance contracts liabilities
            Life insurance contracts liabilities
            Life insurance contracts liabilities are recognised when contracts are entered into and
            premiums are charged. The provision for life insurance contracts consists of
            outstanding claims and the life reserve.

            Life reserve
            Life reserve represents a reserve to cover unexpired risk of life insurance policies and
            is valued by an independent actuary. The resultant surplus or deficit is transferred to
            or from profit or loss.

     3.25   Properties under development
            Properties under development which are intended to be sold upon completion of
            development are classified as current assets. Except for the leasehold land element
            which is measured at cost model in accordance with the accounting policies of
            right-of-use assets, properties under development are carried at the lower of cost and
            net realisable value. Cost is determined on a specific identification basis including
            allocation of the related development expenditure incurred and where appropriate,
            borrowing costs capitalised. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price
            for the properties less estimated cost to completion and costs necessary to make the
            sales. Costs necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly attributable to
            the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the sale.

            Properties under development are transferred to properties for sale upon completion.



                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      136      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    For the year ended 31 December 2021




4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the
     directors of the Company are required to make judgments, estimates and assumptions about
     the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
     The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other
     factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to
     accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the
     revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the
     revision affects both current and future periods.

     4.1   Critical judgments in applying accounting policies
           The following are the critical judgments, apart from those involving estimations (see
           below), that the directors of the Company have made in the process of applying the
           Group’s accounting policies and that have the most significant effect on the amounts
           recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

           Recognition of gift receivable from Win Dynamic
           The gift receivable from Win Dynamic amounting to HK$150,001,000, being the fair
           value of the WD Proceeds (as defined in note 49) which is determined based on a
           credit-adjusted effective interest rate of 9.66%, is initially recognised by Sincere (as
           defined in note 46) upon the acceptance of the Offer (as defined in note 49) by Win
           Dynamic. Management of Sincere considers that such recognition is supported by the
           legal advices as disclosed in note 49 and determined by the basis of various
           assumptions when estimating the timing and the ECL of gift receivable from Win
           Dynamic, which includes forward-looking scenarios and their likelihoods,
           counterparty’s credit rating and probability of default and recovery rate. As at 31
           December 2021, the carrying amount of gift receivable from Win Dynamic amounting
           to HK$158,870,000 (net of ECL allowance of HK$445,000). Details of which are set out
           in note 49.

           Deferred taxation on investment properties
           For the purposes of measuring deferred taxes arising from investment properties that
           are using the fair value model, the directors of the Company have reviewed the
           Group’s investment property portfolios and concluded that certain of the Group’s
           investment properties situated in the PRC are held under a business model whose
           objective is to consume substantially all of the economic benefits embodied in the
           investment properties over time rather than through sale whereas those remaining
           properties situated in the PRC and Hong Kong are not held under such a business
           model. Therefore, the presumption that the carrying amounts of investment properties
           are recovered entirely through sale is rebutted for certain properties situated in the
           PRC but is not rebutted for the remaining properties situated in the PRC and Hong
           Kong. The Group has not recognised any deferred taxes on changes in fair value of the
           investment properties situated in Hong Kong as the Group is not subject to any income
           taxes on disposal of these investment properties. Deferred tax on the changes in fair
           value relating to those investment properties in the PRC in which their carrying
           amounts are not recovered entirely through sales is recognised according to the
           relevant tax rules.

               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      137      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    For the year ended 31 December 2021




4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
     4.2   Key sources of estimation uncertainty
           The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation
           uncertainty at the end of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a
           material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next
           financial year, are described below.


           Valuation of investment properties
           The Group’s investment properties are situated in the PRC, Hong Kong and Grenada.
           As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s investment properties amounting to
           HK$10,628,833,000 (2020: HK$11,839,176,000) and represented 57% (2020: 71%) of the
           Group’s total assets. As disclosed in note 20, net gain on fair value changes of
           investment properties of HK$1,265,256,000 (2020: HK$2,463,416,000) was recognised in
           profit or loss. All of the Group’s investment properties are stated at fair values based
           on valuations performed by a firm of independent qualified professional valuers. The
           valuations are dependent on certain significant unobservable inputs, including price/
           gross development value (“GDV”) per square meter/bay/square feet/acre, which are
           determined based on comparable transactions after applying adjusting factors to reflect
           the conditions and locations of the subject properties. Details of the valuation
           methodologies and the significant unobservable inputs used in the valuations are
           disclosed in note 20.


           Impairment assessment on properties under development
           As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s properties under development amounting to
           HK$3,229,062,000 (2020: Nil). The Group assesses whether properties under
           development have suffered any impairment in accordance with accounting policy
           stated in note 3.25 to the consolidated financial statements.


           These properties are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Significant
           management judgment is required in determining the net realisable values of these
           properties with reference to the latest selling prices of the properties and the budgeted
           costs to be incurred until completion and sale. Impairment loss is made when events or
           changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of properties under
           development may not be realised.


           Management expects that any reasonable possible change in the key assumptions on
           which the net realisable value is based would not cause the carrying amount of
           properties under development to exceed its net realisable value.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      138      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    For the year ended 31 December 2021




4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
     4.2   Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
           Impairment assessment on proposed development project
           As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s proposed development project amounting to
           HK$1,676,166,000 (2020: HK$1,634,083,000). The Group assesses whether proposed
           development project has suffered any impairment in accordance with accounting policy
           stated in note 3.15 to the consolidated financial statements. The recoverable amount of
           CGU has been determined based on value in use or its fair value less cost of disposal,
           whichever is higher, and both bases require the Group to estimate the future cash flows
           expected to arise from CGU and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the
           present value. Where the actual future cash flows are less than expected, a material
           impairment loss may arise.


           Management expects that any reasonable possible change in the key assumptions on
           which the recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of
           proposed development project to exceed its recoverable amount.


           Impairment assessment on trade receivables, receivables arising from securities
           broking and loan receivables
           The Group recognises a credit loss allowance for trade receivables, receivables arising
           from securities broking and loan receivables by adopting the ECL model individually
           on each debtor in the current year. In calculating the credit loss allowance, the loss
           rates are estimated based on comparable probability of default and recovery rate
           quoted from international credit-rating agencies; and exposure of default after
           consideration of underlying collaterals, if any, and adjusted for forward-looking
           information that is available without undue cost or effort. Such calculation of ECL has
           involved subjective judgment and management estimates.


           As at 31 December 2021, the carrying amount of trade receivables, receivables arising
           from securities broking and loan receivables amounting to HK$355,226,000 (2020:
           HK$449,409,000), HK$290,443,000 (2020: HK$163,373,000) and HK$190,437,000 (2020:
           HK$157,053,000), respectively (net of ECL allowance of HK$19,443,000 (2020:
           H K $11,019,000) , H K $88,000 (2020: H K $1,956,000) a n d H K $16,562,000 (2020:
           HK$20,626,000), respectively). The information about the ECL and the Group’s trade
           receivables, receivables arising from securities broking and loan receivables are
           disclosed in notes 27 and 55b, respectively.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      139      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    For the year ended 31 December 2021




4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
     4.2   Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
           Impairment assessment on goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful
           lives in relation to Financial Services Segment, Environmental Protection Segment and
           Department Store Segment (as defined in note 6)
           Determining whether goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives
           are impaired requires an estimation of the recoverable amounts of the respective CGUs
           to which goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives have been
           allocated, which is the higher of the value in use or fair value less costs of disposal. The
           value in use calculation requires the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected
           to arise from the respective CGUs and a suitable discount rate and growth rate in order
           to calculate the present value of the cash flows of the respective CGUs. Where the
           actual future cash flows are less than expected, or change in facts and circumstances
           which results in downward revision of future cash flows, a material impairment loss
           would arise.


           Details of impairment assessment of goodwill and other intangible assets with
           indefinite useful lives are disclosed in notes 21 and 22, respectively.


           Estimation of impairment of property, plant and equipment
           Management conducted an impairment review of certain CGUs of the Group where
           there were indicators of impairment by considering the recoverable amounts of the
           relevant CGUs. Management identifies individual department store as a CGU for the
           purpose of impairment assessment. The amount of any impairment loss was measured
           as the difference between the CGU’s carrying amount and its recoverable amount.


           The recoverable amount is the higher of value in use and fair value less costs of
           disposal. Value in use is the estimated future cash flows, based on key assumptions
           including expected growth or deterioration rate, discounted to their present values
           using an appropriate discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time
           value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Where the actual future cash flows
           are less or more than expected, or there are unfavourable changes in facts and
           circumstances which result in downward revision of the estimated future cash flows
           for the purpose of determining the value in use, further impairment loss or reversal of
           impairment loss may arise. The calculation of the fair value less costs of disposal is
           based on available data from market rent and discounted to the net present value of
           market rent less any costs to transform or restoration.


           Details of impairment assessment of property, plant and equipment are disclosed in
           note 18.



               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      140      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




5.   REVENUE
     The Group recognises revenue from the following major sources:


     (i)     Revenue from sale of motor vehicle parts is recognised at a point in time when the
             control of goods has been transferred to customers upon delivery;


     (ii)    Revenue from dismantling and trading of scrap materials is recognised at a point in
             time when the control of the specific type of scrap materials, either dismantled or not,
             as requested by the customers, has been transferred to them upon delivery;


     (iii)   Revenue from sale of other goods including hangtags, labels, shirt paper boards and
             plastic bags is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the
             distinct goods;


     (iv)    Revenue from rendering of financial printing, digital printing and other related services
             is recognised over time using the output method because the customer simultaneously
             receives and consumes the benefits as the Group performs;


     (v)     Revenue from commission income from securities broking is recognised at a point in
             time upon execution of orders for purchase or sale of securities on behalf of clients;




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      141      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




5.   REVENUE (Continued)
     (vi)   Revenue from rendering of corporate finance advisory, asset management and other
            related services is recognised over time using the output method because the customer
            simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits as the Group performs or the
            Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and
            the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date;


     (vii) Revenue from interest income from margin financing and money lending is recognised
            on a time proportion basis using the effective interest method;


     (viii) Revenue from sale of goods at the department stores is recognised at a point in time
            when the control of goods has been transferred to customers upon purchase the goods
            at the department stores; and

     (ix)   Revenue from commission income from counter and consignment sale at the
            department stores is recognised at a point in time and based on certain percentage of
            sales made by the customers in accordance with the terms of contracts.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       142      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2021




5.   REVENUE (Continued)
     (a)   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
                                                                                                      Motor
                                                                         Financial Environmental     vehicle Commercial              Department
           Type of goods and services                         Property    services     protection      parts    printing   Hangtag         store     Total
                                                              HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000   HK$’000

           Year ended 31 December 2021

           Sales of goods
             – Motor vehicle parts                                   –          –               –    216,163           –         –             –    216,163
             – Scrap materials                                       –          –         672,848          –           –         –             –    672,848
             – Hangtags, labels, shirt paper boards
                 and plastic bags                                    –          –               –         –            –       187             –        187
             – Department store goods                                –          –               –         –            –         –        71,842     71,842


                                                                     –          –         672,848    216,163           –       187        71,842    961,040
           Rendering of services
             – Printing services                                     –          –               –         –       58,307         –             –     58,307
             – Financial services                                    –     59,528               –         –            –         –             –     59,528
             – Commission income from securities broking             –     46,100               –         –            –         –             –     46,100
             – Commission income from counter and
               consignment sales                                     –          –               –         –            –         –        22,761     22,761

           Revenue from contracts with customers                     –    105,628         672,848    216,163      58,307       187        94,603   1,147,736
           Revenue from gross rental income                      9,887          –               –          –           –         –           441      10,328
           Revenue from interest income from
             margin financing                                        –     19,269               –         –            –         –             –     19,269
           Revenue from interest income from
             money lending business                                  –     17,746               –         –            –         –             –     17,746

           Total                                                 9,887    142,643         672,848    216,163      58,307       187        95,044   1,195,079


           Geographical markets
           The PRC                                               9,596          –         366,285     16,950           –         –             –    392,831
           Hong Kong                                               291    142,643          91,270    199,213      58,307       187        94,918    586,829
           Japan                                                     –          –         211,760          –           –         –             –    211,760
           Other countries                                           –          –           3,533          –           –         –           126      3,659

           Total                                                 9,887    142,643         672,848    216,163      58,307       187        95,044   1,195,079


           Timing of revenue recognition
           A point in time                                           –     46,100         672,848    216,163           –       187        94,603   1,029,901
           Over time                                                 –     59,528               –          –      58,307         –             –     117,835

           Revenue out of the scope of HKFRS 15
           Rental income                                         9,887          –               –         –            –         –           441     10,328
           Interest income                                           –     37,015               –         –            –         –             –     37,015

           Total                                                 9,887    142,643         672,848    216,163      58,307       187        95,044   1,195,079




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                          143         ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2021




5.   REVENUE (Continued)
     (a)   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
                                                                                                         Motor
                                                                            Financial Environmental     vehicle   Commercial
           Type of goods and services                           Property     services     protection      parts      printing   Hangtag     Total
                                                                HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000   HK$’000

           Year ended 31 December 2020

           Sales of goods
             – Motor vehicle parts                                     –           –               –    159,287             –         –    159,287
             – Scrap materials                                         –           –         544,070          –             –         –    544,070
             – Hangtags, labels, shirt paper boards
                 and plastic bags                                      –           –               –         –              –       223       223


                                                                       –           –         544,070    159,287             –       223    703,580
           Rendering of services
             – Printing services                                       –           –               –         –         72,732         –     72,732
             – Financial services                                      –      51,518               –         –              –         –     51,518
             – Commission income from securities broking               –       6,534               –         –              –         –      6,534


           Revenue from contracts with customers                       –      58,052         544,070    159,287        72,732       223    834,364
           Revenue from gross rental income                       10,888           –               –          –             –         –     10,888
           Revenue from interest income from
             margin financing                                          –      13,421               –         –              –         –     13,421
           Revenue from interest income from
             money lending business                                    –      10,668               –         –              –         –     10,668


           Total                                                  10,888      82,141         544,070    159,287        72,732       223    869,341


           Geographical markets
           The PRC                                                10,184           –         344,993     72,373             –         –    427,550
           Hong Kong                                                 704      82,141          98,153     86,914        72,732       223    340,867
           Japan                                                       –           –          98,484          –             –         –     98,484
           Other countries                                             –           –           2,440          –             –         –      2,440


           Total                                                  10,888      82,141         544,070    159,287        72,732       223    869,341


           Timing of revenue recognition
           A point in time                                             –       6,534         544,070    159,287             –       223    710,114
           Over time                                                   –      51,518               –          –        72,732         –    124,250

           Revenue out of the scope of HKFRS 15
           Rental income                                          10,888           –               –         –              –         –     10,888
           Interest income                                             –      24,089               –         –              –         –     24,089


           Total                                                  10,888      82,141         544,070    159,287        72,732       223    869,341




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                          144         ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




5.   REVENUE (Continued)
     (b)   Performance obligations for contracts with customers
           (i)     Sales of goods
                   The Group sells motor vehicle parts directly to customers. Revenue from sale of
                   motor vehicle parts is recognised at a point in time when the control of goods has
                   been transferred to customers upon the goods have been delivered to the location
                   designated by the customers (delivery) as agreed in the sales contracts. Following
                   delivery, the customer has full discretion over the manner of distribution and
                   price to sell the goods, has the primary responsibility on selling the goods and
                   bears the risks of obsolescence and loss in relation to the goods. The normal
                   credit term is 90 days upon delivery.


                   The Group sells scrap materials directly to customers. Revenue from dismantling
                   and trading of scrap materials is recognised at a point in time when the control
                   of the specific type of scrap materials, either dismantled or not, as requested by
                   the customers, has been transferred to them upon the goods have been delivered
                   to the specific location (delivery) as agreed in the sales contracts. Following
                   delivery, the customer has full discretion over the manner of distribution and
                   price to sell the goods, has the primary responsibility on selling the goods and
                   bears the risks of obsolescence and loss in relation to the goods. The normal
                   credit term is 45 to 90 days upon delivery. A contract liability is recognised for
                   advance from customers in which the revenue has yet been recognised.


                   The Group sells other goods including hangtags, labels, shirt paper boards and
                   plastic bags directly to customers and those revenues are recognised at a point in
                   time when the customer obtains control of the distinct goods upon the goods
                   have been delivered to the specific location (delivery) as agreed in the sales
                   contracts. Following delivery, the customer has full discretion over the manner of
                   distribution and price to sell the goods, has the primary responsibility on selling
                   the goods and bears the risks of obsolescence and loss in relation to the goods.
                   The normal credit term is 45 to 90 days upon delivery.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      145      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2021




5.   REVENUE (Continued)
     (b)   Performance obligations for contracts with customers (Continued)
           (i)       Sales of goods (Continued)
                     The Group sells consumer products directly to customers at the department
                     stores. Revenue from sale of goods at the department stores is recognised when
                     control of the goods has transferred, being at the point the customer purchases
                     the goods at the department stores. Payment of the transaction price is due
                     immediately at the point the customer purchases the goods.


                     Some contracts for the sale of goods provide customers with rights of return. The
                     rights of return give rise to variable consideration. For contracts which provide a
                     customer with a right to return the goods within a specified period, the expected
                     value method is used to estimate the goods that will not be returned because this
                     method best predicts the amount of variable consideration to which the Group
                     will be entitled. The requirements in HKFRS 15 on constraining estimates of
                     variable consideration are applied in order to determine the amount of variable
                     consideration that can be included in the transaction price. For goods that are
                     expected to be returned, instead of revenue, a refund liability is recognised. A
                     right-of-return asset (and the corresponding adjustment to cost of sales) is also
                     recognised for the right to recover products from a customer.


           (ii)      Counter and consignment sales
                     The Group’s commission income from counter and consignment sale at the
                     department stores is recognised at a point in time and based on certain
                     percentage of sales in accordance with the terms of contracts. The Group receives
                     the entire sales proceeds from ultimate customers on behalf of the counters and
                     consignors and reimburses the sales proceeds back to counters and consignors
                     after deducting the commission income.


           (iii)     Provision for loyalty points programme
                     For sale of goods at the department stores, the performance obligation is satisfied
                     upon utilisation of loyalty points. The Group allocated a portion of the
                     transaction prices to the loyalty programme which is based on the relative
                     standalone selling price. The transaction price of HK$2,119,000 (2020: Nil) was
                     allocated to the remaining performance obligations as at 31 December 2021 which
                     are expected to be recognised as revenue within one year.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      146      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2021




5.   REVENUE (Continued)
     (b)   Performance obligations for contracts with customers (Continued)
           (iv)     Rendering of brokerage transaction services
                    The Group’s commission income from securities broking is recognised at a point
                    in time upon execution of orders for purchase or sale of securities on behalf of
                    clients. Such commission income is calculated as a percentage of the transacted
                    amount of securities purchased or sold. The commission income would be paid
                    out of the cash held on behalf of clients upon purchase of securities or deducted
                    from the proceeds received on behalf of clients upon disposal of securities.


                    The Group applies the practical expedient of expensing all incremental costs to
                    obtain a contract if these costs would otherwise have been fully amortised to
                    profit or loss within one year.


           (v)      Rendering of financial printing, digital printing, corporate finance advisory, asset
                    management and other related services
                    Revenue from rendering of printing services is recognised over time on the
                    progress of work that the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the
                    benefits performed by the Group.


                    Revenue from rendering of financial services is recognised over time on the
                    progress of work that the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the
                    benefits performed by the Group or the Group’s performance does not create an
                    asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has a right to payment
                    at an amount that reasonably compensates it for its performance completed to
                    date at all times throughout the contract.


                    The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is
                    measured based on output method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of
                    direct measurements of the value of the services rendered to date. When the
                    Group receives a deposit before the services rendered, this will give rise to
                    contract liabilities until the revenue is recognised. The payment term is generally
                    one month.


     (c)   Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contracts
           with customers
           All printing services, brokerage services, financial services, sales of goods and counter
           and consignment sales are for periods of one year or less. As permitted under HKFRS
           15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      147      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION
     Information reported to the executive directors of the Company, being the chief operating
     decision maker (“CODM”), for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of
     segment performance focuses on types of goods or services delivered or provided.

     During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group has two new operating segments as
     “Department Store Segment” and “Latin America and the Caribbean Segment” (“LAC
     Segment”) through business combination and capital contribution from controlling
     shareholder. Further details are set out in notes 46 and 47.

     The Group is organised into business units based on their products and services and has
     eight (2020: six) operating segments as follows:

     (i)     property investment, development and commercial operation (“Property Segment”);

     (ii)    provision of corporate finance advisory, asset management, securities brokerage
             services, margin financing and money lending (“Financial Services Segment”);

     (iii)   environmental protection industry, mainly dismantling and trading of scrap materials
             (“Environmental Protection Segment”);

     (iv)    distribution and sale of motor vehicle parts (“Motor Vehicle Parts Segment”);

     (v)     provision of financial printing, digital printing and other related services (“Commercial
             Printing Segment”);

     (vi)    operation of department stores offering a wide range of consumer products, comprises
             of sale of goods, income from counter and consignment sale and the revenue from
             other sources, including securities trading, rental income from sublease of properties
             and the provision of general and life insurances (“Department Store Segment”);

     (vii) development of project in Grenada which integrates a collection of international school
           campuses, apartments for student, commercial complex, hotel resorts, residential villas
           and other ancillary facilities (“LAC Segment”); and

     (viii) sales of hangtags, labels, shirt paper boards and plastic bags principally to
            manufacturers of consumer products (“Hangtag Segment”).

             The CODM classified the LAC Segment as an operating segment from 31 December
             2021 when the Group acquired 70.5% equity interests in Caribbean Education Industry
             Group Limited and its subsidiaries (“Caribbean Group”) from Dr. Lin. Hangtag
             Segment does not meet any quantitative thresholds for reportable segment but this
             segment is separately disclosed as the CODM considers that the information about the
             segment would be useful to users of the consolidated financial statements.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       148      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2021




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     (a)   Segment revenues and results
           The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by operating and
           reportable segments:


                                                                                                     Motor
                                                                         Financial Environmental    vehicle Commercial                Department
                                                             Property     services     protection      parts   printing    Hangtag          store       Total
                                                              HK$’000    HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000


           Year ended
             31 December 2021


           Segment revenue
           Sales to external customers                           9,887    142,643         672,848    216,163     58,307        187        95,044     1,195,079
           Inter-segment sales                                   2,520     19,238              –          –       1,561          –              –      23,319


                                                                12,407    161,881         672,848    216,163     59,868        187        95,044     1,218,398
           Elimination of
             inter-segment sales                                                                                                                       (23,319)


           Revenue                                                                                                                                   1,195,079


           Segment results                                     792,282     45,917           9,392      8,679     (4,063)      (145)       (19,165)    832,897
           Unallocated
           Bank interest income                                                                                                                        15,930
           Other income                                                                                                                                  1,084
           Net foreign exchange loss                                                                                                                 (139,021)
           Unrealised fair value loss on financial assets
             at FVTPL                                                                                                                                   (3,025)
           Revaluation surplus on property, plant and
             equipment                                                                                                                                 23,396
           Realised gain on disposal of financial assets
             at FVTPL                                                                                                                                     637
           Claim for legal case                                                                                                                        13,888
           Corporate expenses                                                                                                                          (64,342)
           Finance costs                                                                                                                             (252,977)


           Profit before income tax                                                                                                                   428,467




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                             149       ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2021




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     (a)   Segment revenues and results (Continued)


                                                                                                     Motor
                                                                         Financial Environmental    vehicle Commercial               Department
                                                             Property     services     protection      parts   printing   Hangtag         store      Total
                                                              HK$’000    HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000   HK$’000


           Year ended
             31 December 2020


           Segment revenue
           Sales to external customers                         10,888      82,141         544,070    159,287     72,732       223             –    869,341
           Inter-segment sales                                  2,520        1,034             –          –        914          –             –       4,468


                                                               13,408      83,175         544,070    159,287     73,646       223             –    873,809
           Elimination of
             inter-segment sales                                                                                                                     (4,468)


           Revenue                                                                                                                                 869,341


           Segment results                                   2,050,788       6,058         13,019      6,430       442       (207)            –   2,076,530
           Unallocated
           Bank interest income                                                                                                                     26,531
           Other income                                                                                                                               1,089
           Net foreign exchange loss                                                                                                              (318,632)
           Unrealised fair value loss on financial assets
             at FVTPL                                                                                                                                (4,353)
           Revaluation deficit on property, plant and
             equipment                                                                                                                              (23,369)
           Realised gain on disposal of financial assets
             at FVTPL                                                                                                                                 2,797
           Compensation for legal case                                                                                                              (13,840)
           Corporate expenses                                                                                                                       (64,638)
           Finance costs                                                                                                                          (232,145)


           Profit before income tax                                                                                                               1,449,970




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                             150       ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2021




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     (a)   Segment revenues and results (Continued)
           Inter-segment sales are charged at prevailing market rates.


           The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s
           accounting policies described in note 3. Segment profit/loss represents the profit
           earned by/loss from each segment without allocation of bank interest income, certain
           other income, net foreign exchange loss, unrealised fair value loss on financial assets at
           FVTPL, revaluation surplus/deficit on property, plant and equipment, realised gain on
           disposal of financial assets at FVTPL, claim/compensation for legal case, corporate
           expenses and certain finance costs. This is the measurements reported to the CODM for
           the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment.


     (b)   Segment assets and liabilities


                                                                                  Motor
                                                     Financial Environmental     vehicle Commercial              Department
                                        Property      services     protection      parts    printing   Hangtag         store     LAC         Total
                                        HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000

           As at 31 December 2021

           Segment assets              15,679,437     858,871         456,644    145,921      16,818        41       916,932    356,496   18,431,160
           Corporate and unallocated
             assets                                                                                                                         316,225

           Total assets                                                                                                                   18,747,385


           Segment liabilities          6,699,762     304,165          66,403     26,328      19,865        22       317,223     31,560    7,465,328
           Corporate and unallocated
             liabilities                                                                                                                   6,016,778

           Total liabilities                                                                                                              13,482,106


           As at 31 December 2020

           Segment assets              13,706,570     647,175         528,257    122,295      23,133       127             –         –    15,027,557
           Corporate and unallocated
             assets                                                                                                                        1,691,889

           Total assets                                                                                                                   16,719,446


           Segment liabilities          7,232,905     155,443         127,289     21,746      30,882        25             –         –     7,568,290
           Corporate and unallocated
             liabilities                                                                                                                   4,739,582

           Total liabilities                                                                                                              12,307,872




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                    151        ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2021




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     (b)   Segment assets and liabilities (Continued)
           Segment assets exclude equity instrument at FVTOCI, tax recoverable, bank balances
           and cash, financial assets at FVTPL, pension scheme assets, amounts due from related
           parties, and other unallocated head office and corporate assets as these assets are
           managed on a group basis.


           Segment liabilities exclude certain bank borrowings, tax payable, deferred tax
           liabilities, amounts due to related parties, loans from ultimate holding company and
           other unallocated head office and corporate liabilities as these liabilities are managed
           on a group basis.


     (c)   Other segment information


                                                                                                  Motor
                                                                  Financial    Environmental     vehicle Commercial                Department
                                                   Property        services        protection      parts    printing    Hangtag          store      LAC Unallocated        Total
                                                   HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000  HK$’000       HK$’000

           Year ended 31 December 2021

           Amounts included in the measure
             of segment profit or loss or
             segment assets:
           Depreciation
             – Owned assets                          15,441             734            12,880       120          808         77          3,596         –       3,032       36,688
             – Right-of-use assets                        –           5,903             1,370       201        9,762          –         27,322         –       9,987       54,545
           Gain on fair value changes of
             investment properties, net           (1,265,256)             –                 –         –            –          –              –         –           –    (1,265,256)
           (Reversal of impairment losses)/
             Impairment losses, net                      (71)        (4,678)            6,364     2,465         (888)         6            448         –           –         3,646
           Revaluation surplus on property,
             plant and equipment                    (23,396)              –                 –         –            –          –              –         –           –      (23,396)
           Loss/(Gain) on disposal of property,
             plant and equipment                          –               –               105         –            –          –           (499)         –          –         (394)
           Capital expenditure (note)                79,174           1,240            22,336         –        1,349          –        247,650    347,784          –      699,533
           Interest expense                         442,829               –                 –         –            –          –              –          –    252,977      695,806
           Interest income                                –          (7,818)                –         –            –          –         (9,314)         –    (15,930)     (33,062)
           Income tax expense/(credit)              309,721           1,389               943       496          146         (1)          (161)         –          –      312,533




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                                      152       ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2021




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     (c)   Other segment information (Continued)


                                                                 Financial    Environmental      Motor vehicle   Commercial
                                               Property           services        protection             parts      printing    Hangtag   Unallocated       Total
                                               HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000

           Year ended 31 December 2020

           Amounts included in the measure
             of segment profit or loss or
             segment assets:
           Depreciation
             – Owned assets                      11,343                709             4,208               548           884        156         7,669       25,517
             – Right-of-use assets                    –              5,903             4,598             2,277        10,393          –         9,987       33,158
           Gain on fair value changes of
             investment properties, net       (2,463,416)                –                 –                 –             –          –             –    (2,463,416)
           Impairment losses/(Reversal of
             impairment losses), net               (146)            22,537             3,269                98         1,496          1             –       27,255
           Revaluation deficit on property,
             plant and equipment                 23,833                  –                 –                 –             –          –          (464)      23,369
           Loss on disposal of property,
             plant and equipment                      –                  –                58                –              –          –             –           58
           Capital expenditure (note)             1,224                907            31,002                –            458          –         1,569       35,160
           Interest expense                     281,849              3,933             3,140              277            394          –       340,789      630,382
           Interest income                            –             (7,081)                –                –              –          –       (26,512)     (33,593)
           Income tax (credit)/expense          558,910             (3,786)            2,630              261           (247)         –          (116)     557,652


           Note: Capital expenditure consists of additions to property, plant and equipment, investment
                 properties and other intangible assets.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                              153             ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2021




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     (d)   Geographical information
           (i)      Revenue from external customers
                                                                                        2021         2020
                                                                                     HK$’000      HK$’000

                    The PRC                                                           392,831      427,550
                    Hong Kong                                                         586,829      340,867
                    Japan                                                             211,760       98,484
                    Other countries                                                     3,659        2,440


                                                                                     1,195,079     869,341


                    The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers.


           (ii)     Non-current assets
                                                                                        2021         2020
                                                                                     HK$’000      HK$’000

                    The PRC                                                          9,766,016   11,362,377
                    Hong Kong                                                        1,906,883    1,032,046
                    Japan                                                               21,020       27,669


                                                                                    11,693,919   12,422,092


                    The non-current assets information above is based on the locations of the assets
                    and excludes non-current portion of financial instruments and pension scheme
                    assets.


     (e)   Information about major customers
           Revenue from customers of the corresponding years contributing over 10% of the
           Group’s total revenues are as follows:


                                                                                        2021         2020
                                                                                     HK$’000      HK$’000

           Customer A1                                                                190,594       N/A*
           Customer B1                                                                132,997      192,010
           Customer C1                                                                125,330       N/A*

           1
                    Revenue from Environmental Protection Segment
           *        Less than 10% of the Group’s total revenues




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      154      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




7.   OTHER INCOME
                                                                                     2021         2020
                                                                                  HK$’000      HK$’000

     Bank interest income                                                           15,930        26,531
     Dividend income                                                                 4,074           219
     Imputed interest income on gift receivable from
       Win Dynamic (note 49)                                                         9,314             –
     Interest income on credit-impaired loan receivables                             7,818         7,062
     Government grants (note)                                                          344         6,921
     Claim for legal case (note 37b)                                                13,888             –
     Others                                                                          1,942         2,584


                                                                                    53,310        43,317


     Note:

     The Group received funding support amounting to approximately HK$6,768,000 from the Employment
     Support Scheme under the Anti-epidemic Fund, set up by the Hong Kong Government during the year
     ended 31 December 2020. The purpose of the funding is to provide financial support to enterprises to
     retain their employees who would otherwise be made redundant. Under the terms of the grant, the
     Group is required not to make redundancies during the subsidy period and to spend all the funding on
     paying wages to the employees.


8.   OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES
                                                                                     2021         2020
                                                                                  HK$’000      HK$’000

     Gain/(Loss) on disposal of property, plant and equipment                          394           (58)
     Unrealised fair value loss on financial assets at FVTPL                        (3,025)       (4,353)
     Realised gain on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                            637         2,797
     Net foreign exchange loss                                                    (139,021)     (318,632)
     Revaluation surplus/(deficit) on property, plant and equipment                 23,396       (23,369)


                                                                                  (117,619)     (343,615)




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       155      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




9.    IMPAIRMENT LOSSES, NET
                                                                                     2021        2020
                                                                                  HK$’000     HK$’000

      (Impairment losses)/Reversal of impairment losses, net,
        recognised on:
        – trade receivables                                                         (9,133)     (4,682)
        – receivables arising from securities broking                                1,868      (1,947)
        – loan receivables                                                           4,064     (20,626)
        – other receivables (note 49)                                                 (445)          –


                                                                                    (3,646)    (27,255)


      Details of impairment assessment for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 are set out
      in note 55b.


10.   FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                     2021        2020
                                                                                  HK$’000     HK$’000

      Interest on bank borrowings and overdrafts                                   617,059     541,618
      Interest on other loans                                                        1,132           –
      Interest on loans from ultimate holding company                               70,023      85,233
      Finance charges on lease liabilities                                           5,123       1,191
      Imputed interest on deferred consideration                                     2,469       2,340


                                                                                   695,806     630,382




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      156      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




11.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE
      Hong Kong
      Hong Kong Profits Tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% on the estimated assessable
      profits arising in Hong Kong during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.


      The PRC
      Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation
      Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% for both years.


      Japan
      Pursuant to the rules and regulations of Japan, the subsidiary incorporated in Japan is subject
      mainly to corporate tax, inhabitant tax and enterprise tax, and the effective statutory tax rate
      for these taxes is 29% for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.


                                                                                     2021         2020
                                                                                  HK$’000      HK$’000


      Current tax
      Hong Kong
        – Charge for the year                                                        2,828        2,850
        – Under/(Over) provision in prior years                                       834          (269)


      The PRC
        – Charge for the year                                                           –             1
        – Over provision in prior years                                                 –            (3)


      Japan
        – Charge for the year                                                         840         1,268


                                                                                     4,502        3,847
      Deferred tax
        – Charge for the year (note 42)                                            308,031      553,805


      Income tax expense                                                           312,533      557,652




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      157      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




11.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)
      A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before income tax at applicable tax
      rates:

                                                                                     2021        2020
                                                                                  HK$’000     HK$’000

      Profit before income tax                                                     428,467    1,449,970


      Income tax calculated at the rates applicable in the tax
        jurisdictions concerned                                                    118,530     407,187
      – Tax effect of non-taxable income                                           (72,447)    (74,198)
      – Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                       54,411      86,889
      – Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                    218,896     143,257
      – Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised                         (4,145)     (2,555)
      – Tax arising from fair value changes of investment properties                     –        (819)
      – Under/(Over) provision in prior years                                          834        (272)
      – Others                                                                      (3,546)     (1,837)

      Income tax expense                                                           312,533     557,652


12.   PROFIT FOR THE YEAR
      The Group’s profit for the year is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                     2021        2020
                                                                                  HK$’000     HK$’000

      Depreciation
        – Owned assets                                                              36,688      25,517
        – Right-of-use assets                                                       54,545      33,158
        – Prepaid lease payments                                                       128         112
      Amortisation of other intangible assets                                        3,854       2,788
      Impairment of property, plant and equipment                                    1,992           –
      Direct operating expenses (including repair and maintenance):
        – Arising from leased investment properties                                  1,247         137
        – Arising from vacant investment properties                                  2,104       1,065
      Short-term leases payments                                                     2,619       1,888
      Auditor’s remuneration                                                         5,400       3,681
      Employee benefits expense (including directors’ emoluments)
        – Wages and salaries                                                       135,085     109,379
        – Discretionary bonuses                                                     11,970      13,110
        – Pension scheme contributions (note)                                        7,088       3,978
      Cost of inventories recognised as expenses                                   865,854     643,159
      (Claim)/Compensation for legal case (note 37b)                               (13,888)     13,840
      Covid-19-related rent concessions (note 53)                                   (5,237)          –


      Note: As at 31 December 2021, the Group had no forfeited contribution available to reduce its
            contributions to the pension schemes in future years (2020: Nil).


                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      158      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                           For the year ended 31 December 2021




13.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS
      Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Listing
      Rules and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance are as follows:

                                                                                                2021              2020
                                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000

      Fees                                                                                         408              432


      Other emoluments:
        – Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                              12,120         12,120
        – Discretionary bonuses                                                                      36             36
        – Pension scheme contributions                                                               54             54


                                                                                                 12,210         12,210


                                                                                                 12,618         12,642


      (a)    Executive directors
                                                                         Salaries,
                                                                      allowances                     Pension
                                                                     and benefits Discretionary      scheme
                                                            Fees          in kind      bonuses contributions       Total
                                                         HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000

             Year ended 31 December 2021

             Executive directors:
             Dr. Lin                                            –           6,120            –            18       6,138
             Madam Su                                           –           2,400            –            18       2,418
             Mr. Lin Xiaodong                                   –           3,600            –            18       3,618


                                                                –          12,120            –            54      12,174


             Year ended 31 December 2020

             Executive directors:
             Dr. Lin                                            –           6,120            –            18       6,138
             Madam Su                                           –           2,400            –            18       2,418
             Mr. Lin Xiaodong                                   –           3,600            –            18       3,618


                                                                –          12,120            –            54      12,174




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED          159       ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             For the year ended 31 December 2021




13.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Independent non-executive directors
                                                                           Salaries,
                                                                        allowances                     Pension
                                                                       and benefits Discretionary      scheme
                                                              Fees          in kind      bonuses contributions     Total
                                                           HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000

            Year ended 31 December 2021

            Independent non-executive directors:
            Mr. Yu Leung Fai                                    151                –          12             –       163
            Mr. Fang Jixin                                      151                –          12             –       163
            Dr. Li Jue (note a)                                 106                –          12             –       118
            Mr. Ho Chun Chung Patrick (note b)                    –                –           –             –         –

                                                                408                –          36             –       444


            Year ended 31 December 2020

            Independent non-executive directors:
            Mr. Yu Leung Fai                                    144                –          12             –       156
            Mr. Fang Jixin                                      144                –          12             –       156
            Dr. Li Jue                                          144                –          12             –       156

                                                                432                –          36             –       468


            Notes:

            a)       Resigned on 15 September 2021.

            b)       Appointed on 8 March 2022.

      Included in the financial assets at FVTPL is a school debenture amounting to HK$6,000,000
      (2020: HK$5,560,000) for the use by Dr. Lin’s dependant.

      The executive directors’ emoluments shown above for both years were for their services in
      connection with the management of the affairs of the Company and the Group.

      The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above for both years were for
      their services as directors of the Company.

      There was no arrangement under which a director waived or agreed to waive any emolument
      during both years.

      There was no emolument paid by the Group to any of the directors as an inducement to join
      or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office for both years.


                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED             160       ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2021




13.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
      Madam Su is also the chief executive of the Company and her emoluments disclosed above
      included those services rendered by her as the chief executive during both years.

      Discretionary bonuses were determined with reference to the Group’s operating results and
      individual performance.


14.   TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS IN WHICH DIRECTORS
      OF THE COMPANY HAVE MATERIAL INTERESTS
      Details of the material connected transactions and related party transactions are set out in the
      “Report of the Directors” and note 52 to the consolidated financial statements.


      Save for the above, no other transaction, arrangement or contract that is significant in relation
      to the Group’s business to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in
      which a person who at any time in 2021 was a director of the Company or his or her
      connected entity had, directly or indirectly, a material interest subsisted at any time during
      the year or at the end of 2021.


15.   FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
      The five highest paid employees during the year included two (2020: two) directors, details
      of whose emoluments are set out in note 13 above.


      Details of the emoluments for the current year of the remaining three (2020: three) highest
      paid employees who are not directors of the Company are as follows:


                                                                                        2021       2020
                                                                                     HK$’000    HK$’000

      Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                        10,411     8,317
      Discretionary bonuses                                                             2,000     9,500
      Pension scheme contributions                                                        168       230


                                                                                       12,579    18,047




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED         161      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




15.   FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (Continued)
      The number of the highest paid employees who are not the directors of the Company whose
      emolument fell within the following bands is as follows:


                                                                                  Number of employees
                                                                                      2021         2020


      HK$3,000,001 to HK$3,500,000                                                       1              –
      HK$4,000,001 to HK$4,500,000                                                       1              –
      HK$4,500,001 to HK$5,000,000                                                       1              1
      HK$6,000,001 to HK$6,500,000                                                       –              1
      HK$6,500,001 to HK$7,000,000                                                       –              1


                                                                                         3              3


16.   DIVIDEND
      No dividend was paid or proposed for ordinary shareholders of the Company during the
      years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, nor has any dividend been proposed since the end
      of the reporting period.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      162      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




17.   EARNINGS PER SHARE
      The calculations of the basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:


                                                                                       2021            2020
                                                                                   HK$’000         HK$’000


      Earnings
      Earnings for the purposes of basic and
        diluted earnings per share calculation
        (profit attributable to owners of the Company)                              122,197         885,185


                                                                                    Number of shares
                                                                                       2021            2020


      Number of shares
      Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
        for the purpose of basic earnings per share calculation                1,438,485,222   1,438,209,880
      Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
        – Share options                                                            3,690,501        683,171


      Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue for the
        purpose of diluted earnings per share calculation                      1,442,175,723   1,438,893,051




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      163      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2021




18.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                              Leasehold
                                              Right-of-use     land and     Plant and       Furniture         Office   Leasehold       Motor
                                                    assets    buildings     machinery     and fixtures    equipment improvements     vehicles      Yacht       Total
                                                  HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000

      As at 1 January 2020
      Cost                                          87,234            –         5,961            4,226       13,436        12,213      30,464     21,680      175,214
      Valuation                                          –      398,945             –                –            –             –           –          –      398,945
      Accumulated depreciation and
       impairment                                  (28,219)            –        (5,741)         (2,972)      (10,500)     (10,557)    (20,149)     (7,588)    (85,726)

      Net carrying amount                           59,015      398,945           220            1,254         2,936        1,656      10,315     14,092      488,433


      Year ended 31 December 2020
      Opening net carrying amount                   59,015      398,945           220            1,254         2,936        1,656      10,315     14,092      488,433
      Additions                                      9,872            –        18,070              493         1,142        1,391       1,865          –       32,833
      Disposals                                          –            –           (65)             (71)           (7)           –           –          –         (143)
      Depreciation                                 (33,158)     (14,875)       (1,632)             (81)         (854)      (1,537)     (4,370)    (2,168)     (58,675)
      Lease modification                             2,327            –             –                –             –            –           –          –        2,327
      Lease termination                                (97)           –             –                –             –            –           –          –          (97)
      Loss on revaluation, net                           –      (22,181)            –                –             –            –           –          –      (22,181)
      Exchange realignment                             272        3,790           350               50            66           81          47          –        4,656

      Closing net carrying amount                   38,231      365,679        16,943            1,645         3,283        1,591       7,857     11,924      447,153


      As at 31 December 2020 and
       1 January 2021
      Cost                                          97,106       27,814        24,261            4,854       18,466        13,831      30,783     21,680      238,795
      Valuation                                          –      379,021             –                –            –             –           –          –      379,021
      Accumulated depreciation and
       impairment                                  (58,875)     (41,156)        (7,318)         (3,209)      (15,183)     (12,240)    (22,926)     (9,756)   (170,663)

      Net carrying amount                           38,231      365,679        16,943            1,645         3,283        1,591       7,857     11,924      447,153


      Year ended 31 December 2021
      Opening net carrying amount                   38,231      365,679        16,943            1,645         3,283        1,591       7,857     11,924      447,153
      Additions                                        509            –         5,633              494         1,593        3,533         152          –       11,914
      Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 46)         38,443      186,000             –                –             7           89           –          –      224,539
      Capital contribution from controlling
        shareholder (note 47)                        1,997             –             –               –             –            –           –           –       1,997
      Disposals                                          –             –          (414)              –           (65)           –           –           –        (479)
      Depreciation                                 (54,545)      (24,004)       (1,928)           (547)       (1,108)      (2,354)     (4,579)     (2,168)    (91,233)
      Lease modification                            62,455             –             –               –             –            –           –           –      62,455
      Lease termination                               (109)            –             –               –             –            –           –           –        (109)
      Gain on revaluation, net                           –        32,450             –               –             –            –           –           –      32,450
      Impairment                                    (1,992)            –             –               –             –            –           –           –      (1,992)
      Exchange realignment                            (460)        2,246           152              99            82           84          22           –       2,225

      Closing net carrying amount                   84,529      562,371        20,386            1,691         3,792        2,943       3,452       9,756     688,920


      As at 31 December 2021
      Cost                                         200,401       25,619        29,480            5,348       20,001        17,453      30,935     21,680      350,917
      Valuation                                          –      599,666             –                –            –             –           –          –      599,666
      Accumulated depreciation and
       impairment                                 (115,872)     (62,914)        (9,094)         (3,657)      (16,209)     (14,510)    (27,483)    (11,924)   (261,663)



      Closing net carrying amount                   84,529      562,371        20,386            1,691         3,792        2,943       3,452       9,756     688,920




                          REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                            164          ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




18.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
      The above items of property, plant and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis at
      the following rates per annum:


      Right-of-use assets                    Over the lease terms
      Leasehold land and buildings           2% to 4% or over the lease terms, whichever is shorter
      Plant and machinery                    10%
      Furniture and fixtures                 10–20%
      Office equipment                       20%
      Leasehold improvements                 20% or over the lease terms, whichever is shorter
      Motor vehicles                         16–25%
      Yacht                                  10%

      Accounting policy for depreciation of right-of-use assets is set out in note 3.7.


      Impairment assessment of property plant and equipment
      Management identified certain department stores which continued to underperform and
      estimated the recoverable amounts of these department stores, where each of these is a
      separate CGU. The recoverable amount of each CGU has been determined based on value in
      use or fair value less costs of disposal, whichever is higher.


      Based on the value in use calculation, the carrying amounts of certain right-of-use assets of
      such department stores were written down by HK$822,000 during the year ended 31
      December 2021. As at 31 December 2021, the aggregate recoverable amount of these
      right-of-use assets was HK$100,318,000. The estimate of the recoverable amount of each CGU
      was determined by applying a discount rate of 10.7% to the cash flow projections.


      In addition, management also estimated the recoverable amounts of certain right-of-use
      assets of such department stores by using fair value less costs of disposal based on valuations
      performed by Castores Magi (Hong Kong) Limited and Valtech Valuation Advisory Limited,
      the independent qualified professional valuers. Based on the fair value less costs of disposal,
      the carrying amounts of these right-of-use assets were written down by HK$1,170,000. The
      fair value measurements of these right-of-use assets are categorised in Level 3.


      Below is a summary of the valuation technique used and the key inputs to the valuations of
      these right-of-use assets:


      Valuation technique                 Significant unobservable input                         Range


      Discounted cash flow method         Estimated rental value                      HK$30 to HK$69
                                            (per square feet and per month)


                                          Discount rate                                           9.6%

                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       165      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




18.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
      Fair value measurement
      The Group’s leasehold land and buildings were revalued individually at the end of the
      reporting period by Roma Appraisals Limited, a firm of independent qualified professional
      valuers, at an aggregate market value of HK$562,371,000 (2020: HK$363,840,000) based on
      their fair values. A revaluation surplus of HK$23,396,000 (2020: deficit of HK$23,369,000)
      resulting from the above valuations has been recognised in profit or loss.


      The fair value measurements of the leasehold land and buildings are categorised in Level 3.


      The fair values of the industrial property in Hong Kong, commercial and residential
      properties and car park spaces in the PRC and Hong Kong were determined using the direct
      comparison approach by making reference to comparable transactions as available in the
      relevant market after applying adjusting factors to reflect the conditions and locations of the
      subject properties.


      The fair value of the industrial property in the PRC was determined using the depreciation
      replacement cost approach, which considers the cost to reproduce or replace in new
      condition the property appraised in accordance with current construction costs for similar
      properties in the locality, with allowance for accrued depreciation as evidenced by observed
      condition or obsolescence percent, whether arising from physical, functional or economic
      causes.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      166      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




18.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
      Fair value measurement (Continued)
      Below is a summary of the key inputs used to the valuations of leasehold land and buildings:

      Leasehold land and
      building held by the Group      Significant unobservable input                     Range
                                                                                       2021           2020

      Commercial property in          Adopted price per square                    42,900 to      43,700 to
       Shenzhen, Guangdong             meter determined based on                     44,400         48,500
       Province, the PRC               comparable transactions
       (2021: HK$42,920,000            (Renminbi (“RMB”))                         adjusting      adjusting
       (2020: HK$44,021,000))                                                        factors        factors
                                      Adjusting factors for variable                  range          range
                                       conditions and locations                   from 91%       from 95%
                                                                                     to 96%         to 97%

      Industrial property in      Estimated construction cost for                     1,872          2,080
        Wuzhou, Guangxi Province,   replacement (per square
        the PRC                     meter) (RMB)                                  adjusting      adjusting
        (2021: HK$13,451,000                                                        factors         factor
        (2020: HK$19,819,000))                                                      of 78%         of 80%

      Residential property in         Adopted price per square feet               66,200 to      64,600 to
        Bel-Air, Island South,         determined based on                           83,000         78,900
        Hong Kong                      comparable transactions (HK$)
        (2021: HK$316,000,000                                                     adjusting      adjusting
        (2020: HK$300,000,000))       Adjusting factors for variable                 factors        factors
                                       conditions and locations                       range          range
                                                                                  from 71%       from 70%
                                                                                    to 127%        to 132%

      Industrial property in    Adopted price per square feet                       6,500 to         N/A
        Gemstar Tower, Hung Hom, determined based on                                   7,100
        Hong Kong                comparable transactions (HK$)
        (2021: HK$186,300,000)                                                    adjusting
        (note)                  Adjusting factors for variable                       factors
                                 conditions and locations                             range
                                                                                  from 82%
                                                                                     to 90%

      2 car parking spaces in       Adopted price per bay                             1,900          N/A
        Gemstar Tower, Hung Hom, determined based on
        Hong Kong                    comparable transactions (HK$                 adjusting
        (2021: HK$3,700,000) (note)  thousand)                                       factor
                                                                                    of 95%
                                      Adjusting factors for variable
                                       conditions and locations

      Note: The proprieties are acquired through acquisition of subsidiaries during the year ended 31
            December 2021. Details of which are set in note 46.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      167      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




18.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
      Fair value measurement (Continued)
      The fair values of the leasehold land and buildings were based on the highest and best use of
      leasehold land and buildings in the PRC and Hong Kong, which did not differ from their
      actual use.


      An increase/(decrease) in the adopted price per square meter/bay/square feet would result
      in the same level of increase/(decrease) in the fair values of the commercial, industrial and
      residential properties and car parking spaces. An increase/(decrease) in the estimated
      construction cost for replacement per square meter would result in the same level of
      increase/(decrease) in the fair value of the industrial property.


      As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, certain leasehold land and buildings of the Group were
      pledged to secure general banking facilities granted to the Group, details of which are set out
      in note 38.


      There were no transfers amongst different levels of fair value measurements during both
      years.


      Had the leasehold land and buildings been carried at historical cost less accumulated
      depreciation and impairment losses, their carrying amount would have been approximately
      HK$559,935,000 (2020: HK$393,922,000).


      As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, included in the net carrying amount of property, plant and
      equipment are right-of-use assets as follows:


                                                                                          Depreciation for
                                                             Net carrying amount          the year ended
                                                              as at 31 December            31 December
                                                                   2021        2020         2021        2020
                                                              HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000


      Land and buildings carried at cost                         81,207      37,920        54,261     33,054
      Plant and machinery                                          3,115             –       180             –
      Office equipment                                               207           311       104         104


      Total                                                      84,529      38,231        54,545     33,158


      The details in relation to these leases are set out in note 41.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       168      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2021




19.   PREPAID LEASE PAYMENTS
      The carrying amount of prepaid lease payments represents the land use rights situated in the
      PRC. The prepaid lease payments fall into the scope of HKFRS 16 as it meets the definition of
      right-of-use assets.


20.   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                        2021          2020
                                                                                     HK$’000       HK$’000


      As at 1 January                                                               11,839,176     8,863,251
      Additions                                                                        42,177             –
      Capital contribution from controlling shareholder (note 47)                     345,787             –
      Transfer to properties under development (note 26)                            (3,229,062)           –
      Gain on fair value changes recognised in profit or loss, net                   1,265,256     2,463,416
      Exchange realignment                                                            365,499       512,509


      As at 31 December                                                             10,628,833    11,839,176


      The Group’s investment properties situated in the PRC, Hong Kong and Grenada. The
      directors of the Company have determined that the investment properties consist of four
      classes of asset, i.e., commercial buildings, car parking spaces, industrial properties and
      residential apartments, based on the nature, characteristics and risks of each property.


      The Group’s investment properties were revalued on 31 December 2021 and 2020 based on
      valuations performed by Roma Appraisals Limited, a firm of independent qualified
      professional valuers, at HK$10,628,833,000 (2020: HK$11,839,176,000).


      As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, certain investment properties of the Group were pledged
      to secure general banking facilities granted to the Group, details of which are set out in note
      38.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      169      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




20.   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
      Fair value measurement
      The fair value measurements of the investment properties are categorised in Level 3. During
      both years, there were no transfers amongst different levels of fair value measurements.


      The fair values of the completed investment properties were determined using the direct
      comparison approach by making reference to comparable transactions as available in the
      relevant market after applying adjusting factors to reflect the conditions and locations of the
      subject properties. The approach rests on the wide acceptance of the market transactions as
      the best indicator.


      The fair value of Qiankeng Property (as defined below) was determined on the basis that it
      will be redeveloped and completed in accordance with the Group’s latest redevelopment
      plan. The valuation was determined by the residual method. The residual method involved
      calculating the GDV and deducting the estimated development costs and developer’s profit.


      As at 31 December 2021, the fair value of Phase II of Realord Technology Park (as defined
      below) was determined on the basis that it will be developed and completed in accordance
      with the Group’s latest development plan. The valuation was determined by the residual
      method. The residual method involved calculating the GDV and deducting the estimated
      development costs and developer’s profit.


      Below is a summary of the valuation techniques and the key inputs used to the valuations of
      investment properties:

      Investment property          Valuation           Significant
      held by the Group            technique           unobservable input                       Range
                                                                                              2021         2020

      A residential apartment in   Direct comparison Adopted price per square feet        18,300 to   16,900 to
        Festival City, Shatin,       approach         determined based on                    19,700      18,200
        Hong Kong                                     comparable transactions
        2021: HK$13,900,000                           (HK$)                              adjusting    adjusting
        (2020: HK$12,800,000)                                                               factors      factors
                                                       Adjusting factors for variable        range        range
                                                        conditions and locations        from 101%     from 96%
                                                                                           to 110%      to 106%

      A residential apartment in   Direct comparison Adopted price per square feet        18,400 to   16,000 to
        Festival City, Shatin,       approach         determined based on                    19,700      17,200
        Hong Kong                                     comparable transactions
        2021: HK$14,000,000                           (HK$)                              adjusting    adjusting
        (2020: HK$13,000,000)                                                               factors      factors
                                                       Adjusting factors for variable        range        range
                                                        conditions and locations        from 101%     from 98%
                                                                                           to 105%      to 106%



                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      170      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2021




20.   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
      Fair value measurement (Continued)
      Investment property          Valuation            Significant
      held by the Group            technique            unobservable input                       Range
                                                                                               2021         2020

      A residential apartment in   Direct comparison Adopted price per square feet        20,100 to    21,000 to
        Parc Oasis, Kowloon,         approach         determined based on                    22,800       22,000
        Hong Kong                                     comparable transactions
        2021: HK$15,400,000                           (HK$)                               adjusting adjusting
        (2020: HK$14,400,000)                                                                factors   factors
                                                        Adjusting factors for variable        range     range
                                                         conditions and locations        from 103% from 102%
                                                                                            to 104%   to 106%

      A residential apartment in   Direct comparison Adopted price per square feet        18,700 to    18,000 to
        The Riverpark, Shatin,       approach         determined based on                    21,300       18,500
        Hong Kong                                     comparable transactions
        2021: HK$18,800,000                           (HK$)                              adjusting     adjusting
        (2020: HK$17,100,000)                                                               factors       factors
                                                        Adjusting factors for variable       range         range
                                                         conditions and locations        from 91%      from 97%
                                                                                           to 110%       to 105%

      A residential apartment in   Direct comparison Adopted price per square feet        26,200 to    24,000 to
        Bel-Air, Island South,       approach         determined based on                    27,900       27,700
        Hong Kong                                     comparable transactions
        2021: HK$33,000,000                           (HK$)                              adjusting     adjusting
        (2020: HK$31,000,000)                                                               factors       factors
                                                        Adjusting factors for variable       range         range
                                                         conditions and locations        from 94%      from 92%
                                                                                            to 96%        to 99%

      A residential apartment in   Direct comparison Adopted price per square feet        69,200 to    67,600 to
        Bel-Air, Island South,       approach         determined based on                    87,000       81,800
        Hong Kong                                     comparable transactions
        2021: HK$486,000,000                          (HK$)                              adjusting     adjusting
        (2020: HK$460,000,000)                                                              factors       factors
                                                        Adjusting factors for variable       range         range
                                                         conditions and locations        from 74%      from 74%
                                                                                           to 130%       to 135%

      A car parking space in       Direct comparison Adopted price per bay                  2,560 to     2,180 to
        Festival City, Shatin,       approach         determined based on                      2,700        2,465
        Hong Kong                                     comparable transactions
        2021: HK$2,620,000                            (HK$ thousand)                      adjusting    adjusting
        (2020: HK$2,300,000)                                                              factors of    factor of
                                                        Adjusting factors for variable        100%         100%
                                                         conditions and locations




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      171      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




20.   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
      Fair value measurement (Continued)
      Investment property          Valuation           Significant
      held by the Group            technique           unobservable input                      Range
                                                                                             2021         2020

      A car parking space in       Direct comparison Adopted price per bay                1,040 to     1,330 to
        Parc Oasis, Kowloon,         approach         determined based on                    1,680        1,720
        Hong Kong                                     comparable transactions
        2021: HK$1,300,000                            (HK$ thousand)                    adjusting    adjusting
        (2020: HK$1,500,000)                                                            factors of    factor of
                                                       Adjusting factors for variable       100%         100%
                                                        conditions and locations

      Commercial building in       Direct comparison Adopted price per square meter     61,100 to    66,800 to
        Shenzhen, Guangdong          approach         determined based on                  61,600       79,100
        Province, the PRC                             comparable transactions
        2021: HK$77,036,000                           (RMB)                             adjusting    adjusting
        (2020: HK$86,025,000)                                                              factors      factors
                                                       Adjusting factors for variable       range        range
                                                        conditions and locations        from 88%     from 95%
                                                                                           to 96%      to 105%

      Industrial property in       Direct comparison Adopted price per square meter       9,900 to     7,400 to
        Shenzhen, Guangdong          approach         determined based on                   10,300        9,500
        Province, the PRC                             comparable transactions
        2021: HK$224,995,000                          (RMB)                             adjusting    adjusting
        (2020: HK$189,848,000)                                                            factors       factor
                                                       Adjusting factors for variable        from        from
                                                        conditions and locations              85%         75%
                                                                                           to 90%      to 95%

      Industrial property in       Residual method     GDV per square meter (RMB)       28,500 to    28,500 to
        Shenzhen, Guangdong                                                              121,000      117,000
        Province, the PRC
        (“Qiankeng Property”)                          GDV per bay (RMB)                  300,000      300,000
        As at 31 March 2021:
        HK$3,229,062,000                               Estimated costs to completion          790          750
        (2020: HK$2,895,187,000)                         (RMB)                            million      million
        (note a)
                                                       Developer’s profit margin             15%          15%




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      172      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2021




20.   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
      Fair value measurement (Continued)
      Investment property           Valuation           Significant
      held by the Group             technique           unobservable input                      Range
                                                                                              2021         2020

      Commercial building in        Direct comparison Adopted price per square meter     62,000 to    61,900 to
        Shenzhen, Guangdong           approach         determined based on                  69,000       66,600
        Province, the PRC                              comparable transactions
        2021: HK$3,079,944,000                         (RMB)                             adjusting    adjusting
        (2020: HK$2,948,000,000)                                                            factors      factors
                                                        Adjusting factors for variable       range        range
                                                         conditions and locations        from 91%     from 86%
                                                                                            to 96%       to 95%

      A shopping arcade in          Direct comparison Adopted price per square meter     42,000 to    41,600 to
        Shenzhen, Guangdong           approach         determined based on                117,300      128,800
        Province, the PRC                              comparable transactions
        2021: HK$1,377,622,000                         (RMB)                             adjusting    adjusting
        (2020: HK$1,414,000,000)                                                            factors      factors
                                                        Adjusting factors for variable       range        range
                                                         conditions and locations        from 80%     from 85%
                                                                                            to 85%       to 92%

      1,012 car parking spaces in   Direct comparison Adopted price per bay                300,000      300,000
         Shenzhen, Guangdong          approach         determined based on
         Province, the PRC                             comparable transactions           adjusting    adjusting
         2021: HK$371,271,000                          (RMB)                                factors      factors
         (2020: HK$360,477,000)                                                              range        range
                                                        Adjusting factors for variable   from 85%     from 85%
                                                         conditions and locations           to 90%       to 90%

      Commercial building in        Direct comparison Adopted price per square meter     51,200 to    50,900 to
        Shenzhen, Guangdong           approach         determined based on                  52,300       51,900
        Province, the PRC                              comparable transactions
        (“Phase I of Realord                           (RMB)                             adjusting    adjusting
        Technology Park”)                                                                   factors      factors
        2021: HK$3,442,813,000                          Adjusting factors for variable       range        range
        (2020: HK$3,282,500,000)                         conditions and locations        from 83%     from 85%
                                                                                            to 90%       to 93%




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       173      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          For the year ended 31 December 2021




20.   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
      Fair value measurement (Continued)
      Investment property             Valuation            Significant
      held by the Group               technique            unobservable input                       Range
                                                                                                  2021         2020

      Commercial building in          Residual method      GDV per square meter (RMB)         33,000 to       N/A
        Shenzhen, Guangdong                                                                      87,000
        Province, the PRC                                  GDV per bay (RMB)                                  N/A
        (“Phase II of Realord                                                                  300,000
        Technology Park”)                                  Estimated costs to completion                      N/A
        2021: HK$1,008,810,000                               (RMB)                          155 million
        (note b)                                                                                              N/A
                                                           Developer’s profit margin              15%

      315 car parking spaces in       Direct comparison Adopted price per bay                  300,000      300,000
        Shenzhen, Guangdong             approach         determined based on
        Province, the PRC                                comparable transactions             adjusting    adjusting
        2021: HK$115,535,000                             (RMB)                                  factors      factors
        (2020: HK$111,039,000)                                                                   range        range
                                                           Adjusting factors for variable    from 80%     from 85%
                                                            conditions and locations            to 85%       to 90%

      2 pieces of lands in the Parish Direct comparison Adopted price per acre               154,800 to       N/A
         of Saint George, Grenada       approach         determined based on                   160,000
         (2021: HK$345,787,000)                          comparable transactions                              N/A
         (note c)                                        (United States Dollar               adjusting
                                                         (“US$”))                              factors
                                                                                                 range
                                                           Adjusting factors for variable         from
                                                            conditions and locations             107%
                                                                                              to 112%

      Notes:

      (a)      The redevelopment plan of Qiankeng Property was principally agreed by the relevant urban
               renewal bureau in the PRC in August 2020. The Group had become the authorised developer of
               the redevelopment plan since 29 January 2021. The buildings in Qiankeng Property have been
               demolished by the Group in March 2021 and therefore, Qiankeng Property is transferred from
               “Investment properties” to “Properties under development” accordingly. Details of which are set
               out in note 26.

      (b)      In August 2021, the Group obtained the permit from relevant government authorities in respect
               of the increase in construction scale of Phase II of Realord Technology Park.

      (c)      The investment properties are acquired through capital contribution from controlling shareholder
               during the year ended 31 December 2021. Details of which are set out in note 47.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        174      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




20.   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
      Fair value measurement (Continued)
      Relationships of significant unobservable inputs to fair value are as follows:


      •     An increase/(decrease) in the adopted price per square meter/bay/square feet/acre
            would result in the same level of increase/(decrease) in the fair values of the
            completed investment properties;


      •     The higher the adjusting factor, the higher the fair values of the completed investment
            properties;


      •     The higher GDV per square meter/bay, the higher the fair value of Qiankeng Property
            and Phase II of Realord Technology Park;


      •     The higher the estimated costs to completion, the lower the fair value of Qiankeng
            Property and Phase II of Realord Technology Park; and


      •     The higher the developer’s profit margin, the lower the fair value of Qiankeng Property
            and Phase II of Realord Technology Park.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      175      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2021




21.   GOODWILL
                                                                                          2021                2020
                                                                                       HK$’000             HK$’000

      As at 1 January                                                                        87,390          87,390
      Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 46)                                                 233,547               –


      As at 31 December                                                                     320,937          87,390


      The carrying amounts of goodwill and other intangible assets allocated to the CGUs as at 31
      December 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

                                                    2021                                         2020
                                                    Other                                         Other
                                                intangible                                    intangible
                                       Goodwill     assets            Total     Goodwill          assets     Total
                                        HK$’000 HK$’000             HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000
                                                 (note 22)                                     (note 22)

      Financial Services Segment
        – Type 1 license business          2,100          4,400         6,500       2,100         4,400       6,500
        – Type 4 and Type 9 licenses
          business                              –         8,969         8,969          –          8,969       8,969
        – Type 1, Type 4 and Type 6
          licenses business               58,893        27,239         86,132     58,893         30,027      88,920
      Environmental Protection
        Segment                           26,397              –        26,397     26,397              –      26,397
      Department Store Segment           233,547          9,598       243,145          –              –           –

                                         320,937        50,206        371,143     87,390         43,396     130,786


      Impairment testing of goodwill and other intangible assets
      Goodwill and other intangible assets acquired through business combination is allocated to
      the Financial Services Segment CGUs (i.e. (i) Type 1 license business, (ii) Type 4 and Type 9
      licenses business, and (iii) Type 1, Type 4 and Type 6 licenses business), Environmental
      Protection Segment CGU and Department Store Segment CGU for impairment testing. The
      directors of the Company consider that the assets (including goodwill and other intangible
      assets allocated) of respective CGUs of Financial Services Segment for Type 1 license business
      and Type 4 and Type 9 licenses business are insignificant to the Group. Accordingly, the
      details of the impairment test are not presented below.

      The basis of the recoverable amount of the relevant CGUs and major underlying assumptions
      are summarised below:




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        176      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    For the year ended 31 December 2021




21.   GOODWILL (Continued)
      Financial Services Segment (Type 1, Type 4 and Type 6 licenses business)
      The recoverable amount of this CGU has been determined based on a value in use calculation
      using cash flow projections based on financial budgets covering a five-year period approved
      by senior management. The pre-tax discount rate applied to the cash flow projections was
      12.4% (2020: 13.5%), and the cash flows beyond the five-year period were extrapolated using
      a growth rate of 3.0% (2020: 3.0%). Other key assumptions for the value in use calculation
      relate to the estimation of cash inflows/outflows which include budgeted revenue and gross
      margin, such estimation is based on the CGU’s past performance and management’s
      expectations for the market development.


      Based on the result of the above impairment testing, the estimated recoverable amount
      exceeded the carrying amount of the CGU by approximately 51.7% (2020: 27.4%) as at 31
      December 2021. Management believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these
      assumptions would not cause the carrying amount to exceed the recoverable amount of this
      CGU.


      Environmental Protection Segment
      The recoverable amount of this CGU has been determined based on a value in use calculation
      using cash flow projections based on financial budgets covering a five-year period approved
      by senior management. The pre-tax discount rate applied to the cash flow projections was
      19.3% (2020: 18.3%), and the cash flows beyond the five-year period were extrapolated using
      a growth rate of 2.0% (2020: 2.6%). Other key assumptions for the value in use calculation
      relate to the estimation of cash inflows/outflows which include budgeted revenue and gross
      margin, such estimation is based on the CGU’s past performance and management’s
      expectations for the market development.


      Based on the result of the above impairment testing, the estimated recoverable amount
      exceeded the carrying amount of the CGU by approximately 0.6% (2020: 6.2%) as at 31
      December 2021.


      Management is not currently aware of any other possible changes that would necessitate
      changes in its key estimates. However, the estimate of recoverable amount of this CGU is
      particularly sensitive to the growth rate applied. If the growth rate decreased by 2%, an
      impairment loss of HK$862,000 would be recognised.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      177      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




21.   GOODWILL (Continued)
      Department Store Segment
      The recoverable amount of this CGU has been determined based on a fair value less costs of
      disposal with reference to the quoted market price of Sincere on the Stock Exchange as at 31
      December 2021.


      Based on the result of the above impairment testing, the estimated recoverable amount
      exceeded the carrying amount of the CGU by approximately 138% as at 31 December 2021.
      Management believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these assumptions would
      not cause the carrying amount to exceed the recoverable amount of this CGU.


22.   OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                  Trademark           Licenses     Total
                                                                      HK$’000         HK$’000    HK$’000


      As at 1 January 2020                                                  25,089      21,095    46,184
      Amortisation for the year                                             (2,788)          –     (2,788)


      As at 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                             22,301      21,095    43,396


      Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 46)                                 10,664           –    10,664
      Amortisation for the year                                             (3,854)          –     (3,854)


      As at 31 December 2021                                                29,111      21,095    50,206


      The other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment at least
      annually or when there is impairment indicator. Details of impairment testing are set out in
      note 21.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      178      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2021




23.   EQUITY INSTRUMENT AT FVTOCI

                                                                                       2021           2020
                                                                                    HK$’000        HK$’000


      Equity investment:
        – Unlisted security (note)                                                     9,171           8,899
        – Other unlisted investments                                                   3,807               –


                                                                                      12,978           8,899


      Note: 	 On 10 August 2020, the Group entered into an agreement with an independent party to
               incorporate a private company in the PRC (the “Investee”). The Group held 15% equity
               interests of the Investee at a cash consideration of RMB7,500,000 (equivalent to approximately
               HK$9,171,000) (2020: HK$8,899,000). The investee was dormant during the years ended 31
               December 2021 and 2020.


      The above equity investments were irrevocably designated at FVTOCI as the Group considers
      these investments to be strategic in nature.


24.   PENSION SCHEME ASSETS
      The Group operates a funded final salary defined benefit pension scheme (the “Pension
      Scheme”) for those employees who are eligible to participate in the Pension Scheme. The
      Pension Scheme provides lump sum benefits based on a multiple of a member’s final salary
      and years of service upon the member’s retirement, death or early retirement due to
      incapacity. In addition to the above, a flat pension payment equals to 50% of final salary
      payable over a period that is related to the member’s and years of service.


      The Group’s defined benefit plan is a final salary plan, which requires contributions to be
      made to a separately administered fund. The Pension Scheme is governed under a trust and
      is administrated by a corporate trustee with the assets held separately from those of the
      Group. The trustee is responsible for ensuring that the Pension Scheme is administered in
      accordance with the trust deed and rules and to act on behalf of all members impartially,
      prudently and in good faith.


      The trustee and the Group periodically review the investment strategy and funding position.
      The investment portfolio is a mix of 36% in equity and 64% in debt instruments.


      The Pension Scheme is exposed to interest rate risk, investment risk and salary risk.


      The most recent actuarial valuation to determine the present value of the defined benefit
      obligations of the Pension Scheme was carried out on 31 December 2021 by a firm of
      independent qualified professional valuers, Towers Watson Hong Kong Limited, using the
      projected unit credit actuarial valuation method.

                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        179      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




24.   PENSION SCHEME ASSETS (Continued)
      (a)   The principal actuarial assumptions used at the end of the reporting period are as
            follows:


                                                                                       2021          2020
                                                                                    HK$’000       HK$’000

            Discount rate                                                              1.2%           N/A
            Expected rate of salary increase                                           2.0%           N/A


            The actuarial valuation showed that the market value of plan assets was HK$42,776,000
            and that the actuarial value of these assets represented 217% of the benefits that had
            been accrued to qualifying employees.


      (b)   A quantitative sensitivity analysis for significant assumptions at the end of the
            reporting period is shown below:


                                                                     (Decrease)/                  Increase/
                                                                     Increase in              (Decrease) in
                                                                     net defined               net defined
                                                     Increase            benefit    Decrease        benefit
                                                       in rate       obligations      in rate   obligations
                                                            %           HK$’000            %       HK$’000

            As at 31 December 2021
            Discount rate                                  0.25             (269)       (0.25)          250
            Long-term salary increase rate                 0.25              243        (0.25)         (237)


            The sensitivity analysis above has been determined based on a method that
            extrapolates the impact on defined benefit obligations as a result of reasonable changes
            in key assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period. The sensitivity
            analysis is based on a change in a significant assumption, keeping all other
            assumptions constant. The sensitivity analysis may not be representative of an actual
            change in the defined benefit obligations as it is unlikely that changes in assumptions
            would occur in isolation of one another.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      180      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2021




24.   PENSION SCHEME ASSETS (Continued)
      (c)   The total expenses recognised in profit or loss in respect of the plan are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                   2021                                         2020
                                                                                                                                                                                HK$’000                                      HK$’000

            Current service cost                                                                                                                                                         1,115                                                  –
            Net interest income                                                                                                                                                           (107)                                                 –


            Net pension scheme cost                                                                                                                                                      1,008                                                  –


            The above amount of the Group’s net pension scheme cost was included in
            “Administrative expenses” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

      (d)   The movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligations are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                   2021                                         2020
                                                                                                                                                                                HK$’000                                      HK$’000

            At the beginning of year                                                                                                                                                      –                                                     –
            Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                                                                                              38,095                                                     –
            Current service cost                                                                                                                                                      1,115                                                     –
            Interest cost                                                                                                                                                               192                                                     –
            Actuarial gains                                                                                                                                                          (3,819)                                                    –
            Benefit paid                                                                                                                                                            (15,908)                                                    –


            At the end of year                                                                                                                                                        19,675                                                    –


      (e)   The movements in the defined benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets are
            as follows:

                                                                          Pension cost credited/(charged)
                                                                                   to profit or loss                                        Remeasurement income/(expense) in other comprehensive income
                                                                                                                                      Return on
                                                                                                                                     plan assets       Actuarial        Actuarial
                                                                                                                                     (excluding         changes          changes                           Sub-total
                                                                                               Net                                     amounts      arising from     arising from                          included
                                               As at                                       interest         Sub-total                included in      changes in      changes in                            in other                        As at
                                           1 January    Acquisition    Service            income/       included in      Benefit     net interest   demographic         financial      Experience comprehensive        Contribution   31 December
                                               2021 of subsidiaries        cost          (expense)     profit or loss       paid       expense)     assumptions      assumptions     adjustments            income     by employer           2021
                                           HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000
                                                           (note 46)


            Defined benefit obligations            –        (38,095)     (1,115)               (192)           (1,307)     15,908              –              (1)            499            3,321              3,819              –        (19,675)
            Fair value of plan assets              –         57,680           –                299               299      (15,908)           705               –               –                –               705               –        42,776


            Benefit assets/(liabilities)           –         19,585      (1,115)               107             (1,008)          –            705              (1)            499            3,321              4,524              –        23,101




                         REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                      181           ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




24.   PENSION SCHEME ASSETS (Continued)
      (f)   The major categories of the fair value of the total plan assets are as follows:


                                                                                     2021        2020


            Equity instruments, quoted in an active market                           36%         N/A
            Debt instruments, at quoted prices                                       64%         N/A


            Total                                                                   100%         N/A


      (g)   Expected contributions to the defined benefit plan in future years are as follows:


                                                                                     2021        2020
                                                                                  HK$’000     HK$’000


            Within the next 12 months                                                   –           –


            The average duration of the defined benefit obligations at the end of the reporting
            period was 5 years.


      (h)   In addition to the above disclosures, the following information is further provided
            pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Rules:


            The Group has paid contributions to the Pension Scheme at rates as recommended and
            calculated by the independent actuary, Ms. Wing Lui, Fellow of the Society of
            Actuaries, using the attained age valuation method. The latest ongoing funding
            valuation and solvency funding valuation were performed as at 1 March 2020. The
            market value of the assets was HK$52,553,000 while the levels of funding were 147%
            and 268%, respectively. Based on the accrued funding status as at 1 March 2020, the
            Pension Scheme was fully funded. An interest rate of 2% per annum and a salary
            increase rate of 2% per annum were assumed in the valuation.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      182      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




25.   INVENTORIES
                                                                                     2021        2020
                                                                                  HK$’000     HK$’000


      Raw materials                                                                  5,299        28,315
      Work in progress                                                               3,817            –
      Finished goods                                                                89,713         8,223


                                                                                    98,829        36,538


26.   PROPERTIES UNDER DEVELOPMENT
                                                                                     2021        2020
                                                                                  HK$’000     HK$’000


      Properties under development (note 20)                                      3,229,062           –


      As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s properties under development were pledged to secure
      general banking facilities granted to the Group, details of which are set out in note 38.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      183      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




27.   TRADE RECEIVABLES/RECEIVABLES ARISING FROM SECURITIES
      BROKING/LOAN RECEIVABLES
                                                                                     2021        2020
                                                                                  HK$’000     HK$’000


      Trade receivables, goods and services                                        374,669     460,428
      Less: allowance for credit losses                                            (19,443)    (11,019)


                                                                                   355,226     449,409


      Receivables arising from securities broking conducted in the
        ordinary course of business:
        – Cash clients accounts receivable                                          14,300      26,871
        – Loans to margin clients                                                  276,231     138,458
      Less: allowance for credit losses                                                (88)     (1,956)


                                                                                   290,443     163,373


      Receivables arising from money lending business:
        – Loan receivables                                                         206,999     177,679
      Less: allowance for credit losses                                            (16,562)    (20,626)


                                                                                   190,437     157,053


                                                                                   836,106     769,835


      Trade receivables
      The credit periods are generally one to three months. Each customer has a maximum credit
      limit. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables to minimise
      credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior management.


      At the end of the reporting period, 30% (2020: 36%) and 79% (2020: 65%) of the Group’s trade
      receivables were due from the Group’s largest customer and the five largest customers
      respectively. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its
      trade receivables.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      184      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




27.   TRADE RECEIVABLES/RECEIVABLES ARISING FROM SECURITIES
      BROKING/LOAN RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      Receivables arising from securities broking
      With regard to receivables arising from securities broking, the Group seeks to maintain tight
      control over its outstanding accounts receivable and has procedures and policies to assess its
      clients’ credit quality and define credit limits for each client. All client acceptances and credit
      limits are approved by designated approvers according to the clients’ credit quality.


      The normal settlement term of cash clients accounts receivable arising from the ordinary
      course of business of securities broking is two trading days after the trade date.


      Loans to margin clients are secured by the underlying pledged securities, repayable on
      demand or agreed dates of repayment and bear interest at commercial rates. As at 31
      December 2021, the total market value of securities pledged as collateral in respect of the
      loans to margin clients was HK$2,186,119,000 (2020: HK$586,020,000). Securities are assigned
      with specific margin ratios for calculating their margin values. Additional funds or collaterals
      are required if the amount of accounts receivable outstanding exceeds the eligible margin
      value of securities deposited. As at 31 December 2021, 99% (2020: 95%) of the balance were
      secured by sufficient collaterals on an individual basis. Management has assessed the market
      value of the pledged securities of each individual customer that has margin shortfall as at the
      year end. The collaterals held cannot be repledged by the Group. The corresponding
      collaterals held can be sold at the Group’s discretion to settle any outstanding amounts owed
      by the margin clients in the event of default.


      Loan receivables
      Loan receivables are unsecured, repayable on agreed dates of repayment within one year and
      bear interest at commercial rates.


      The following is an ageing analysis of trade receivables, net of allowance for credit losses
      presented based on the invoice dates/date of rendering of services:


                                                                                      2021          2020
                                                                                   HK$’000      HK$’000


      Current to 30 days                                                            154,679      196,304
      31 to 60 days                                                                  21,311       58,342
      61 to 90 days                                                                  17,478       23,079
      91 to 365 days                                                                105,062      166,373
      Over 1 year                                                                    56,696        5,311


                                                                                    355,226      449,409




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       185      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2021




27.   TRADE RECEIVABLES/RECEIVABLES ARISING FROM SECURITIES
      BROKING/LOAN RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      No ageing analysis of cash clients accounts receivable, loans to margin clients and loans to
      money lending clients is disclosed as in the opinion of the directors of the Company, the
      ageing analysis is not meaningful in view of the nature of the cash clients accounts receivable
      arising from securities broking, the revolving margin loans and the money lending loans.


      Details of impairment assessment of trade receivables, receivables arising from securities
      broking and loan receivables for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 are set out in
      note 55b.


28.   PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES


                                                                                       2021       2020
                                                                                    HK$’000    HK$’000


      Prepayments for purchase of inventories                                         69,888     90,312
      Deposit paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                    6,462      4,484
      Refundable rental deposits                                                      52,800     12,879
      Other prepayments, deposits and receivables                                     82,653    104,413
      Other receivables from a local government authority (note a)                   116,045    132,776
      Purchased or originated credit-impaired
        loan receivables (note b)                                                     99,587     95,884
      Gift receivable from Win Dynamic (note 49)                                     158,870         –


                                                                                     586,305    440,748


      Classified as:
        – Current assets                                                             405,167    425,961
        – Non-current assets                                                         181,138     14,787


                                                                                     586,305    440,748




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      186      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                           For the year ended 31 December 2021




28.   PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      Notes:

      (a)      The amounts represent receivables due from a local government authority in the PRC in respect
               of sales of properties before the acquisition of subsidiaries in 2018. Management believes that no
               impairment loss is necessary in respect of this balance as the amount is still considered to be
               fully recoverable taken into account of the repayment history and the current creditworthiness of
               the debtor.

      (b)      The amounts represent three (2020: three) credit-impaired loan receivables purchased from a
               bank in the PRC at cash consideration of RMB72,827,000. Legal proceeding had been entered into
               between the bank and the original debtors regarding the recoverability of the credit-impaired
               loan receivables and it was judged that the pledged properties could be used for auctions to
               repay the outstanding loans and interests. The loan receivables are carried at contractual interest
               rate from 8.5% to 9.3% (2020: 8.5% to 9.3%) per annum and the Group has applied the
               credit-adjusted effective interest rate from 8.5% to 9.3% (2020: 8.5% to 9.3%) to the amortised cost
               of the financial assets from initial recognition. It only recognises the cumulative changes in
               lifetime ECL since initial recognition as a loss allowance. During the year ended 31 December
               2021 and 2020, no impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss for the lifetime ECL.

29.   PROPOSED DEVELOPMENT PROJECT
      The carrying amount of proposed development project represents the difference between the
      consideration paid and the net assets acquired in the acquisition of assets through acquisition
      of 深圳市友盛地產有限公司 (Shenzhen Yousheng Real Estate Co., Ltd. or “Shenzhen
      Yousheng”) in 2019. The amount would be converted into properties under development
      upon obtain the land use right.


30.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL


                                                                                            2021             2020
                                                                                        HK$’000          HK$’000


      Club and school debentures                                                          13,991           10,108
      Listed equity investments                                                           64,906             5,189
      Other investments                                                                     2,309                –


                                                                                          81,206           15,297


      The above investments as at 31 December 2021 and 2020 were classified as financial assets at
      FVTPL as they were held for trading.


      As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, certain investments held for trading of the Group were
      pledged to secure general banking facilities granted to the Group, details of which are set out
      in note 38.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED         187      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




31.   CASH HELD ON BEHALF OF CLIENTS
      The Group maintains segregated trust accounts with licensed banks to hold securities clients’
      monies arising from its securities brokerage business. The Group has classified the clients’
      monies as “Cash held on behalf of clients” under the current assets and recognised the
      corresponding liabilities to respective clients on grounds that the Group is liable for any loss
      or misappropriation of clients’ monies. The Group is not allowed to use the clients’ monies to
      settle its own obligations.


32.   BANK BALANCES AND CASH
      Bank balances carry interest at prevailing market rates which range from 0.01% to 0.35%
      (2020: 0.01% to 0.35%) per annum. Short-term time deposits are made for few days period to
      meet the immediate cash requirements of the Group, and earn interest at the respective
      short-term time deposit rates of 0.17% (2020: 0.17%) per annum. The bank balances and
      deposits are deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.


      Certain bank balances are denominated in RMB placed with banks in the PRC. RMB is not a
      freely convertible currency. Under the PRC’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and
      Administration of Settlement and Sales and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the
      Group is permitted to exchange RMB for foreign currencies through banks that are
      authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.


33.   ASSET CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALE


                                                                                     2021        2020
                                                                                  HK$’000    HK$’000


      Financial assets at FVTOCI:
      Unlisted investment                                                           26,646          –


      The Group is seeking to dispose one of its unlisted investments and has entered into a share
      sale and purchase agreement with an independent third party in January 2022. The Group
      anticipates that the disposal will be completed by 2022.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      188      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2021




34.   TRADE PAYABLES/PAYABLES ARISING FROM SECURITIES BROKING
                                                                                       2021       2020
                                                                                    HK$’000    HK$’000


      Trade payables                                                                  54,926     34,819
      Payables arising from securities broking conducted in the
        ordinary course of business:
        – Cash clients accounts payable                                              148,176    139,642


                                                                                     203,102    174,461


      The following is an ageing analysis of trade payables based on invoice dates:


                                                                                       2021       2020
                                                                                    HK$’000    HK$’000


      Current to 30 days                                                              40,772     14,684
      31 to 60 days                                                                     938        694
      61 to 90 days                                                                     766        327
      Over 90 days                                                                    12,450     19,114


                                                                                      54,926     34,819


      The credit period of trade payables ranges from 60 to 90 days (2020: 60 to 90 days). The
      normal settlement terms of payables arising from securities broking are two trading days
      after the trade date.


      Included in cash clients accounts payable arising from dealing in securities conducted in the
      ordinary course of business is cash held on behalf of clients amounting to HK$143,835,000
      (2020: HK$119,538,000) representing those clients’ undrawn monies/excess deposits placed
      with the Group. As at 31 December 2021, the cash clients accounts payable included an
      amount of HK$114,000 (2020: HK$112,000) in respect of certain directors’ undrawn monies/
      excess deposits placed with the Group. The cash clients accounts payable are repayable on
      demand and non interest-bearing. No ageing analysis is disclosed as, in the opinion of the
      directors of the Company, an ageing analysis is not meaningful in view of the nature of the
      business of dealing in securities.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED         189      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          For the year ended 31 December 2021




35.   CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                          2021           2020
                                                                                       HK$’000        HK$’000

      Current
      Printing services contract (note a)                                                 1,670           3,950
      Receipts in advance from customers (note b)                                         9,394          31,793
      Loyalty points programme (note c)                                                   2,119               –


                                                                                         13,183          35,743


      Notes:

      (a)      When the Group receives a deposit before the printing activity commences, this will give rise to
               contract liabilities at the inception of a contract, until the revenue recognised on the relevant
               contract exceeds the amount of the deposit. The Group typically receives a 20% deposit on
               acceptance of provision for certain printing services. At contract inception, performance
               obligation is expected to be satisfied within one year.

      (b)      The amount represents receipts in advance from customers of Environmental Protection Segment
               for unsatisfied performance obligations and are recognised as revenue when the Group performs
               its obligations under the contracts. At contract inception, performance obligation is expected to
               be satisfied within one year.


               The decrease of contract liabilities as at 31 December 2021 is mainly due to the decrease in the
               deposits received at the end of the reporting period.

      (c)      The performance obligation is satisfied upon utilisation of loyalty points of Department Store
               Segment. The Group allocated a portion of the transaction prices to the loyalty programme which
               is based on the relative standalone selling price. The transaction price of HK$2,119,000 was
               allocated to the remaining performance obligations as at 31 December 2021 which are expected to
               be recognised as revenue within one year.

      (d)      Contract liabilities outstanding at the beginning of the year amounting to HK$35,743,000 (2020:
               HK$5,141,000) have been recognised as revenue during the year.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        190      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2021




36.   INSURANCE CONTRACTS LIABILITIES
      (a)   Life insurance contracts liabilities
                                                                                        2021        2020
                                                                        Notes        HK$’000    HK$’000


            Life reserve                                                  (i)          1,046           –
            Provision for claims                                          (ii)           128           –


                                                                                       1,174           –


            Notes:


            (i)      Life reserve is analysed as follows:


                                                                                        2021        2021
                                                                                     HK$’000    HK$’000


                     At the beginning of the year                                          –           –
                     Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 46)                             1,165           –
                     Decrease in the year                                               (119)          –


                     At the end of the year                                            1,046           –


            (ii)     The provision for claims of life insurance contracts is analysed as follows:


                                                                                        2021        2020
                                                                                     HK$’000    HK$’000


                     At the beginning of the year                                          –           –
                     Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 46)                               128           –


                     At the end of the year                                              128           –




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      191      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




36.   INSURANCE CONTRACTS LIABILITIES (Continued)
      (b)   Terms and conditions
            The principal risk the Group faces under insurance contracts is that the actual claims
            and benefit payments or the timing thereof differ from expectations. This is influenced
            by the frequency of claims, severity of claims, actual benefits paid and subsequent
            development of long term claims. Therefore, the objective of the Group is to ensure that
            sufficient reserves are available to cover these liabilities.

            Life insurance contracts offered by the Group are whole life contracts. Whole life
            contracts are conventional regular premium products when lump sum benefits are
            payable on death or permanent disability.

            The main risk that the Group is exposed to is mortality risk - risk of loss arising due to
            policy holder death experience being different than expected. This risk does not vary
            significantly in relation to the location of the risk insured by the Group, type of risk
            insured or industry.

            For contracts for which death or disability is the insured risk, the significant factors
            that could increase the overall frequency of claims are epidemics, widespread changes
            in lifestyle and natural disasters, resulting in earlier or more claims than expected.

      (c)   Key assumptions
            Material judgement is required in determining the liabilities and in the choice of
            assumptions. Assumptions in use are based on past experience, current internal data,
            external market indices and benchmarks which reflect current observable market prices
            and other published information. Assumptions and prudent estimates are determined
            at the date of valuation and no credit is taken for possible beneficial effects of
            voluntary withdrawals. Assumptions are further evaluated on a continuous basis in
            order to ensure realistic and reasonable valuations.

            The key assumptions to which the estimation of liabilities is particularly sensitive are
            as follows:

            Mortality rates
            Assumptions are based on standard industry and national tables, according to the type
            of contract written and the territory in which the insured person resides. They reflect
            recent historical experience and are adjusted when appropriate to reflect the Group’s
            own experiences. An appropriate, but not excessive, prudent allowance is made for
            expected future improvements. Assumptions are differentiated by sex, underwriting
            class and contract type.

            An increase in rates will lead to a larger number of claims (and claims could occur
            sooner than anticipated), which will increase the expenditure and reduce profits for the
            shareholders.



                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      192      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                         For the year ended 31 December 2021




36.   INSURANCE CONTRACTS LIABILITIES (Continued)
      (c)     Key assumptions (Continued)
              Discount rates
              Life insurance liabilities are determined as the sum of the discounted value of the
              expected benefits and future administration expenses directly related to the contract,
              less the discounted value of the expected theoretical premiums that would be required
              to meet these future cash outflows. Discount rates are based on current industry risk
              rates, adjusted for the Group’s own risk exposure.


              A decrease in the discount rate will increase the value of the insurance liability and
              therefore reduce profits for the shareholders


37.   OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                          2021             2020
                                                                                      HK$’000         HK$’000


      Deferred consideration for acquisition of a subsidiary (note a)                   47,162           44,693
      Accrued expenses                                                                  53,770           37,657
      Other payables                                                                    20,310           15,427
      Provision (note b)                                                                     –           42,843
      Deposits received                                                                  6,948            2,690
      Other tax payables                                                                49,198           70,082


                                                                                       177,388         213,392


      Classified as:
        – Current liabilities                                                          172,725         168,699
        – Non-current liabilities                                                        4,663           44,693


                                                                                       177,388         213,392


      Note:

      (a)     On 30 April 2019, the Group completed an acquisition of 60% equity interests in Optima Capital
              Limited (“Optima Capital”). Based on the acquisition agreement, part of the consideration
              amounting to HK$48,000,000 (the “deferred consideration”) will be paid on the third anniversary
              of the completion date of the acquisition.

      (b)     As at 31 December 2020, the amount of HK$42,843,000 represented a provision for a legal claim
              brought against the Group by third party in relation to the outstanding agency fee and interests
              accrued thereon for the acquisition of a subsidiary in 2016. The Group expected to be eligible for
              reimbursement of approximately HK$28,200,000 by third party in this regard in the year ended
              31 December 2020. The legal claim was fully recovered during the year ended 31 December 2021.



                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        193      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




38.   BANK BORROWINGS
                                                                                       2021         2020
                                                                                   HK$’000      HK$’000


      Bank borrowings
        – Secured                                                                  6,902,234    6,613,627
        – Unsecured                                                                3,576,690    3,494,396


                                                                                  10,478,924   10,108,023


      The contractual maturity dates of the bank borrowings are as follows:


                                                                                       2021         2020
                                                                                   HK$’000      HK$’000


      Carrying amount of bank borrowings are repayable (note d):
        – Within one year                                                           134,553      503,874
        – More than one year but not more than two years                           5,261,756     542,961
        – More than two years but not more than five years                         3,248,117    7,297,142
        – Over five years                                                          1,457,845    1,545,554


                                                                                  10,102,271    9,889,531


      Carrying amount of bank borrowings that contain
        a repayment on demand clause:
        – Within one year                                                           376,653      218,492


                                                                                  10,478,924   10,108,023
      Less: amounts due within one year shown
        under current liabilities                                                  (511,206)    (722,366)


      Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                                  9,967,718    9,385,657




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      194      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          For the year ended 31 December 2021




38.   BANK BORROWINGS (Continued)
      Notes:


      (a)      As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s bank borrowings of HK$296,966,000 (2020: HK$218,492,000)
               bear interest rates from 1.25% to 2.20% (2020: 1.25% to 2.20%) over Hong Kong Interbank Offered
               Rate (“HIBOR”) per annum.

      (b)      As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s bank borrowing of HK$228,815,000 (2020: HK$234,482,000)
               bears interest rate of 2.85% (2020: 2.85%) below Prime Rate per annum.

      (c)      As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s bank borrowings of HK$9,864,285,000 (2020:
               HK$9,655,049,000) bear interest rates from 4.93% to 5.62% (2020: 5.62% to 7.6%) per annum.

      (d)      The amounts due are based on scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreements.

      (e)      The Group’s available banking facilities amounting to HK$11,598,495,000 (2020:
               HK$11,083,840,000), of which HK$10,478,924,000 (2020: HK$10,108,023,000) had been utilised at
               the end of the reporting period.

      (f)      Certain bank borrowings of the Group were guaranteed by the Company up to
               HK$10,096,429,000 (2020: HK$9,860,203,000), and the Group companies up to HK$9,405,274,000
               (2020: HK$9,271,279,000).

      (g)      Certain bank borrowings of the Group were secured by mortgages over the Group’s investment
               properties, leasehold land and buildings and properties under development with a carrying
               amount at the end of the reporting period of HK$10,184,027,000 (2020: HK$11,839,176,000),
               HK$562,371,000 (2020: HK$363,840,000) and HK$3,229,062,000 (2020: Nil), respectively.

      (h)      Certain bank borrowings of the Group were secured by securities collateral pledged to the Group
               by margin clients with market value of HK$9,171,000 (2020: HK$9,529,000), the Group’s
               marketable securities with an aggregate fair value of HK$3,432,000 (2020: Nil) and shares of two
               (2020: two) investment properties owing subsidiaries.

      (i)      Certain bank borrowings of the Group were secured by the Group’s bank balance of HK$154,000
               (2020: Nil) and time deposits of HK$101,999,000 (2020: Nil).

      (j)      Certain bank borrowings of the Group were guaranteed by the directors and controlling
               shareholders of the Company up to HK$10,093,099,000 (2020: HK$9,880,694,000) and the related
               parties of the Group up to HK$9,171,000 (2020: HK$8,837,000).

      (k)      Except for bank borrowings of HK$9,873,456,000 (2020: HK$9,655,049,000) which are
               denominated in RMB, all other bank borrowings are denominated in HK$.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        195      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




39.   OTHER LOANS
                                                                                      2021          2020
                                                                                   HK$’000      HK$’000


      Other loans (note)                                                              2,740            –


      Less: Amount repayable within one year or on
             demand and classified as current portion                                (2,203)           –


      Amount classified as non-current portion                                         537             –


                                                                                      2021          2020
                                                                                   HK$’000      HK$’000


      Analysed into:
      Within one year or on demand                                                   2,203             –
      In the second year                                                               537             –


                                                                                     2,740             –


      Note: The other loans are unsecured, interest-bearing at 2% per annum and repayable on demand
            except for an amount of HK$537,000 which is not repayable in the next 12 months after the end
            of the reporting period.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       196      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                         For the year ended 31 December 2021




40.   AMOUNTS DUE FROM/(TO) RELATED PARTIES
                                                                                         2021            2020
                                                                                      HK$’000       HK$’000


      Amounts due from related parties (note a)                                          1,598              –


      Amount due to a related party (note a)                                           (79,877)       (36,561)
      Amounts due to related parties (note b)                                          (29,361)       (35,300)


                                                                                      (109,238)       (71,861)


                                                                                      (107,640)       (71,861)


      Notes:

      (a)      Amounts due are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

      (b)      Amounts due are unsecured, interest-bearing at 8% per annum (2020: interest-free) and repayable
               on demand.


41.   LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                         2021          2020
                                                                                      HK$’000       HK$’000

      Total minimum lease payments:
        – Due within one year                                                           67,769         34,413
        – Due in the second to the fifth years                                          45,375          5,170


                                                                                       113,144         39,583
      Future finance charges on lease liabilities                                       (7,807)          (553)


      Present value of lease liabilities                                               105,337         39,030


      Present value of minimum lease payments:
        – Due within one year                                                           62,294         33,893
        – Due in the second to the fifth years                                          43,043          5,137


                                                                                       105,337         39,030
      Less: portion due within one year included
        under current liabilities                                                      (62,294)       (33,893)


      Portion due after one year included under non-current liabilities                 43,043          5,137




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       197      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              For the year ended 31 December 2021




41.   LEASE LIABILITIES (Continued)
      Note:

      During the year ended 31 December 2021, the total cash outflows for the leases are HK$85,482,000
      (2020: HK$36,143,000).


      Details of the lease activities
      As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the Group has entered into leases for office equipment,
      plant and machinery, warehouse and department stores.


                               Consolidated financial                                      Number of    Number of    Number of
                               statements item of                           Range of       lease with   lease with   lease with
      Type of right-of-use     right-of-use asset               Number      remaining       extension    option to termination
      asset                    included in                       of lease   lease term        option     purchase       option


      As at 31 December 2021


      Land and buildings       Property, plant and equipment          15    1 to 2 years            4           2            6
        carried at cost


      Plant and machinery      Property, plant and equipment           7    2 to 5 years            –           6            –


      Office equipment         Property, plant and equipment           1    2 years                 –           –            –


      As at 31 December 2020


      Land and buildings       Property, plant and equipment          11    1 to 3 years            6           2            9
        carried at cost


      Office equipment         Property, plant and equipment           1    3 years                 –           –            –


      The Group considered that no extension option or termination option would be exercised at
      the lease commencement date.




                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED             198     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               For the year ended 31 December 2021




42.   DEFERRED TAXATION
      The following are the deferred tax liabilities/(assets) recognised and movements thereon
      during the current and prior years:


                                               Depreciation
                                                 allowance
                                                  in excess
                                                 of related        Revaluation
                                               depreciation       of properties      Tax losses     Others       Total
                                                   HK$’000             HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000


      As at 1 January 2020                              857            334,806             (929)     4,975      339,709
      Deferred tax (credited)/charged to
        profit or loss (note 11)                          (2)          558,110             459       (4,762)    553,805
      Charged to other comprehensive income                –               297               –            –         297
      Exchange realignment                                 –            20,588               –          166      20,754


      As at 31 December 2020 and
        1 January 2021                                  855            913,801             (470)       379      914,565
      Deferred tax (credited)/charged to
        profit or loss (note 11)                          (2)          309,721             182       (1,870)    308,031
      Credited to other comprehensive income               –              (258)              –            –        (258)
      Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 46)                –                 –               –        1,780       1,780
      Exchange realignment                                 –            32,204               –            –      32,204


      As at 31 December 2021                            853           1,255,468            (288)       289     1,256,322


      At the end of the reporting period, the Group has estimated tax losses arising in Hong Kong
      of HK$356,833,000 (2020: HK$354,266,000) that are available indefinitely for offsetting against
      future taxable profits of the companies in which the losses arose. The Group also has
      estimated tax losses arising in the PRC of HK$1,727,370,000 (2020: HK$1,097,569,000) that will
      expire in one to five years for offsetting against future taxable profits. A deferred tax asset
      has been recognised in respect of tax losses of HK$1,745,000 (2020: HK$2,850,000) as at 31
      December 2021. Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the remaining tax
      losses as they have arisen in subsidiaries that have been loss-making for some time and in the
      opinion of the directors of the Company, it is not considered probable that taxable profits
      will be available against which the tax losses can be utilised due to the unpredictability of
      future profit streams.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED               199     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




42.   DEFERRED TAXATION (Continued)
      Under the EIT Law of the PRC, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect
      of profits earned by the PRC subsidiaries from 1 January 2008 onwards. Deferred taxation
      has not been provided in the consolidated financial statements in respect of the temporary
      difference attributable to the accumulated profits of the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC
      amounting to HK$24,572,000 (2020: HK$29,043,000) as the Group is able to control the timing
      of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that these temporary difference
      will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


43.   LOANS FROM ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY
                                                                                       2021       2020
                                                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000


      Loans from ultimate holding company                                          1,127,196    744,192


      The loans are unsecured, interest-bearing at 8.2% (2020: 8.2%) per annum and will be
      repayable in June 2023 (2020: June 2022).




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       200      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2021




44.   SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                         2021          2020
                                                                                      HK$’000     HK$’000


      Authorised:
      20,000,000,000 ordinary shares of HK$0.10 each                                 2,000,000    2,000,000


      Issued and fully paid:
      1,439,709,880 (2020: 1,438,209,880) ordinary shares of
        HK$0.10 each                                                                   143,971      143,821


      A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:


                                                                                    Number of
                                                                                     ordinary
                                                                                       shares        Share
                                                                                      in issue      capital
                                                                                                  HK$’000


      As at 1 January 2020, 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                 1,438,209,880       143,821
      Exercise of share options (note)                                               1,500,000          150


      As at 31 December 2021                                                    1,439,709,880       143,971


      Note:   On 24 September 2021 and 29 December 2021, the Company issued 1,000,000 and 500,000
              shares, respectively, due to the exercise of share options under the Option Scheme (as defined
              in note 45) by the option holders. The new shares rank pari passu with existing shares in all
              respects.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        201      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2021




45.   SHARE OPTION SCHEME
      The Company operates a share option scheme (the “Option Scheme”) for the purpose of
      providing incentives and rewards to eligible participants who contribute to the success of the
      Group’s operations. Eligible participants of the Option Scheme include the Company’s
      directors and full time employees of the Group. The Option Scheme became effective on 10
      August 2012 and, unless otherwise cancelled or amended, will remain in force for ten years
      from that date.


      The maximum number of unexercised share options currently permitted to be granted under
      the Option Scheme is an amount equivalent, upon their exercise, to 10% of the shares of the
      Company in issue at the date of approval of the Option Scheme on 10 August 2012. The
      maximum number of shares issuable under share options to each eligible participant in the
      Option Scheme within any 12-month period is limited to 1% of the shares of the Company in
      issue at any time. Any further grant of share options in excess of this limit is subject to
      shareholders’ approval in a general meeting.


      Share options granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the
      Company, or to any of their associates, are subject to approval in advance by the independent
      non-executive directors. In addition, any share options granted to a substantial shareholder
      or an independent non-executive director of the Company, or to any of their associates, in
      excess of 0.1% of the shares of the Company in issue at any time or with an aggregate value
      (based on the price of the Company’s shares at the date of grant) in excess of HK$5,000,000,
      within any 12-month period, are subject to shareholders’ approval in advance in a general
      meeting.


      The offer of a grant of share options may be accepted within 21 days from the date of offer,
      upon payment of a nominal consideration of HK$1 in total by the grantee. The exercise
      period of the share options granted is determinable by the directors of the Company, and
      commences after a vesting period of two years and ends on a date which is not later than 10
      years from the date of the grant of the option but subject to the provisions for early
      termination of the Option Scheme. Unless otherwise determined by the directors of the
      Company at their sole discretion, there is no requirement of a minimum period for which an
      option must be held before it can be exercised.


      The exercise price of share options is determinable by the directors of the Company, but may
      not be less than the higher of (i) the Stock Exchange closing price of the Company’s shares on
      the date of offer of the share options; and (ii) the average Stock Exchange closing price of the
      Company’s shares for the five trading days immediately preceding the date of offer.


      Share options do not confer rights to the holders to dividends or to vote at shareholders’
      meetings.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      202      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




45.   SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)
      The following share options were outstanding under the Option Scheme during the year:


                                                                                  Weighted
                                                                                   average
                                                                             exercise price    Number
                                                                                  per share   of options
                                                                                      HK$           ’000


      As at 1 January 2020, 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                        4.11        7,800
      Exercised during the year                                                        4.11       (1,500)
      Lapsed during the year                                                           4.11       (1,700)


      As at 31 December 2021                                                           4.11        4,600


      At the end of the reporting period and the date of approval of these consolidated financial
      statements, the Company had 4,600,000 (2020: 7,800,000) share options outstanding under the
      Option Scheme, which represented approximately 0.3% (2020: 0.5%) of the Company’s shares
      in issue as at that date.

46.   BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
      On 18 May 2021, the Group completed an acquisition of 79.51% equity interests in The
      Sincere Company, Limited (“Sincere”) (Stock code: 244) and its subsidiaries (“Sincere
      Group”) from the independent third parties, for total cash consideration of HK$411,088,000.
      The acquisition has been accounted for using the purchase method.


      The principal activities of Sincere Group mainly consisted of the operation of department
      stores, securities trading and the provision of general and life insurances. The acquisition
      was made as part of the Group strategy to diversify its business and tap into the department
      store business in Hong Kong.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      203      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2021




46.   BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (Continued)
      The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of Sincere Group at the acquisition
      date were as follows:


                                                                                           HK$’000


      Property, plant and equipment (note 18)                                               224,539
      Other intangible assets (note 22)                                                      10,664
      Equity instruments at FVTOCI (note 55b)                                                29,625
      Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                            40,926
      Pension scheme assets (note 24)                                                        19,585
      Inventories                                                                            42,618
      Trade receivables                                                                        1,200
      Financial assets at FVTPL                                                              12,863
      Pledged bank balances and deposits                                                    102,039
      Bank balances and cash                                                                112,260
      Trade payables                                                                         (32,774)
      Contract liabilities                                                                     (618)
      Insurance contracts liabilities (note 36)                                               (1,293)
      Other payables and accruals                                                            (47,843)
      Other loans (note 53)                                                                (154,693)
      Bank borrowings (note 53)                                                            (151,166)
      Lease liabilities (note 53)                                                            (83,876)
      Deferred tax liabilities (note 42)                                                      (1,780)


      Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                           122,276


      Goodwill arising on acquisition
                                                                                           HK$’000


      Consideration transferred                                                             411,088
      Add: NCI                                                                               94,736
      Less: gift receivable from Win Dynamic (note 49)                                     (150,001)
      Less: fair value of identifiable assets acquired                                     (122,276)


                                                                                            233,547




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       204      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




46.   BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (Continued)
      Net cash outflow on acquisition
                                                                                             HK$’000


      Bank balances and cash acquired                                                         112,260
      Less: cash consideration paid                                                          (411,088)


                                                                                             (298,828)


      The NCI arising from the acquisition of non-wholly owned subsidiaries are measured by
      reference to the proportionate share of the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets
      at the acquisition date and amounting to HK$272,277,000.


      Goodwill arose in the acquisition of Sincere Group because the cost of the combination
      included a control premium.


      Since the acquisition, Sincere Group contributed HK$95,044,000 to the Group’s revenue and
      incurred a loss of HK$30,661,000 which was included in the Group’s results for the year
      ended 31 December 2021.


      Had the combination taken place at the beginning of the year ended 31 December 2021, the
      revenue and the profit of the Group would have been HK$1,358,012,000 and HK$63,372,000,
      respectively.


      Acquisition-related costs amounting to HK$14,550,000 have been excluded from the
      consideration transferred and have been recognised as administrative expenses in the
      consolidated statement of profit or loss.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       205      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




46.   BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (Continued)
      Disposal of subsidiaries without loss of control
      In addition, the placing was completed on 30 July 2021 and following the completion, the
      number of shares of Sincere held by the Group decreased from 1,044,695,362 shares to
      985,471,362 shares, representing a decrease of shareholding from 79.51% to 75.00% of the
      total number of issued shares of Sincere.


      The Group disposed of its 4.51% interest in Sincere at a consideration of HK$33,853,000. The
      carrying amount of the NCI in Sincere on the date of disposal was HK$94,513,000. The Group
      recognised an increase in NCI of HK$9,371,000 and an increase in equity attributable to
      owners of the Company of HK$24,482,000. The effect of changes in the ownership interest of
      Sincere on the equity attributable to owners of the Company during the year is summarised
      as follows:


                                                                                         HK$’000


      Carrying amount of NCI disposed of                                                    (9,371)
      Consideration received from NCI                                                      33,853


      Gain on disposal within equity                                                       24,482


      Effect of transactions with NCI on the equity attributable to owners of the Company for the
      year ended 31 December 2021
                                                                                         HK$’000


      Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to owners
        of the Company                                                                    368,069
      Changes in equity attributable to owners of the Company arising from
        the disposal of subsidiaries without loss of control                               24,482


      Net effect for transactions with NCI on changes in equity attributable
        to owners of the Company                                                          392,551




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      206      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2021




47.   CAPITAL CONTRIBUTION FROM CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER
      On 31 December 2021, the Group acquired 70.5% equity interests in Caribbean Group, from
      Dr. Lin, at nil consideration. Caribbean Group is engaged in property development in
      Grenada.


      Caribbean Group did not carry out any significant business transactions prior to the date of
      acquisition and only had two pieces of lands situated in Grenada. Therefore, the Group
      considered this would be an acquisition of assets in substance and the net assets acquired
      would be recognised as “Capital contribution from controlling shareholder” in equity.


      The NCI recognised at the acquisition date are measured by reference to the proportionate
      share of the carrying amount.


      Further details are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 1 December 2021 and
      31 December 2021.


      The carrying amount of assets acquired at the completion date were as follows:


                                                                                         HK$’000


      Property, plant and equipment (note 18)                                                   1,997
      Investment properties (note 20)                                                         345,787
      Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                               8,712
      Amounts due from related parties                                                          1,006
      Bank balances and cash                                                                    1,146
      Other payables and accruals                                                             (10,942)
      Amounts due to related parties (note 53)                                                (19,628)
      Lease liabilities (note 53)                                                              (1,996)


                                                                                              326,082
      Less: NCI                                                                               (97,189)


      Net assets acquired                                                                     228,893


      Net cash inflow on acquisition                                                     HK$’000


      Bank balances and cash acquired                                                           1,146




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      207      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




48.   CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
      Claim from former director of Sincere
      As set out in the announcement of Sincere dated 11 June 2021, Sincere received a statutory
      demand (the “Statutory Demand”) dated 4 June 2021 from the legal adviser acting on behalf
      of Mr. Philip KH Ma (“Mr. Philip Ma”), the former chairman, chief executive officer and
      director of Sincere, pursuant to Section 327(4)(a) of the Companies (Winding Up and
      Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Chapter 32 of Laws of Hong Kong), demanding Sincere
      to pay the amount of HK$8,244,000, which is asserted to be outstanding remunerations under
      an employment contract due to Mr. Philip Ma, within 21 days from the date of service of the
      Statutory Demand, failing which Mr. Philip Ma may present a winding up petition against
      Sincere.


      As disclosed in the announcement of Sincere dated 23 June 2021, Sincere has sought legal
      advice in respect of the Statutory Demand and was advised that the Statutory Demand is a
      nullity. Sincere was also advised that it has a bona fide dispute to the sum demanded by
      Mr. Philip Ma. Sincere had, through its legal advisers, requested Mr. Philip Ma to (i)
      withdraw the Statutory Demand and (ii) undertake not to issue any winding-up petition
      against Sincere in reliance on the Statutory Demand.


      On 21 June 2021, Sincere received a Forms of Claim dated 17 June 2021 by Mr. Philip Ma with
      the Labour Tribunal (the “LBTC Claim”). According to the said Form of Claim, Mr. Philip Ma
      claims against Sincere for unpaid director’s fees and management fees allegedly due from
      four subsidiaries of Sincere in the total sum of HK$8,244,000, which is the same amount as
      that demanded by him in the Statutory Demand. Sincere further received a letter from
      Mr. Philip Ma’s legal advisers on 21 June 2021 stating that Mr. Philip Ma will not present a
      winding-up petition against Sincere in respect of the alleged outstanding remunerations
      stated in the Statutory Demand pending the determination of the Labour Tribunal.


      Call-over hearings in respect of the LBTC Claim were held at the Labour Tribunal on 8 July
      2021 and 1 November 2021. Mr. Philip Ma increased his claim in the LBTC Claim to include
      additional claims that Sincere owed him an alleged partial unpaid director’s fees for the
      period from 1 March 2021 to 30 June 2021 and payment in lieu of annual leave entitlement;
      and in respect of the certain subsidiaries of Sincere, Mr. Philip Ma also included his claim for
      director’s fees and management fees for the period between March to June 2021 and certain
      entertainment allowance.


      The LBTC Claim was subsequently transferred to Court of First Instance of the High Court of
      Hong Kong, in which Mr. Philip Ma claimed a total sum of approximately HK$12,064,000 by
      including the additional claims in the aforesaid paragraph. Sincere has instructed its legal
      advisers to defend Mr. Philip Ma’s claims in the High Court.


      Therefore, no provision has been made as at 31 December 2021.


                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      208      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




49.   LITIGATION
      Deed and purported cancellation
      On 29 October 2020, Win Dynamic, the then controlling shareholder of Sincere, executed a
      deed in favour of Sincere at no consideration (the “Deed”). Pursuant to the Deed, Win
      Dynamic has irrevocably undertaken to Sincere to gift to Sincere the sum falling to be paid
      by the Company to Win Dynamic upon its acceptance of the offer to acquire all the
      662,525,276 shares of Sincere held by it (the “Offer”), which was expected to amount to
      approximately HK$260,443,000 (after deducting Win Dynamic’s ad valorem stamp duty). As
      disclosed in the announcement of Sincere dated 29 October 2020, Sincere at that time
      intended that this gift from Win Dynamic, when received, would be applied as working
      capital of Sincere Group.


      On 4 February 2021, Sincere announced that the board of directors of Sincere (the “Sincere
      Board”) had received a letter from Win Dynamic dated 3 February 2021 stating Win
      Dynamic’s declaration that the Deed was null and void and cancelled with immediate effect,
      for the reason that it was executed by Win Dynamic under undue influence and duress, given
      without separate legal representation or proper advice, and was an undervalue transaction
      pursuant to section 265D of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions)
      Ordinance (Chapter 32 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “Purported Cancellation”).


      As stated in the Sincere’s announcement dated 4 February 2021, the Sincere Board (with
      Mr. Philip Ma and Mr. Charles M W Chan (collectively the “Dissenting Directors”)) did not
      admit that the Deed was null or void or had been cancelled. For the interest of Sincere and its
      shareholders as a whole, the Sincere Board had resolved to include the review of the
      implication of the Purported Cancellation to the term of reference of the independent
      committee of the Sincere Board comprising independent non-executive directors, namely
      Mr. King Wing Ma, Mr. Eric K K Lo, Mr. Peter Tan and Mr. Anders W L Lau (collectively the
      “Sincere IBC”). The Sincere IBC had thereafter sought separate legal advice in respect of the
      Purported Cancellation.


      In response to a letter from the legal adviser of the Sincere IBC to Win Dynamic requesting
      for evidence to support its reason for the Purported Cancellation, Win Dynamic responded in
      its reply letter that its professional adviser had advised it not to provide to Sincere any
      information relating to the Deed.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      209      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




49.   LITIGATION (Continued)
      Deed and purported cancellation (Continued)
      The Company was informed, amongst other things, that the Sincere Board (except for the
      Dissenting Directors) (i.e. the Sincere IBC) did not admit that the Purported Cancellation was
      valid or effective. In response to an email from the legal adviser of the Sincere IBC to the
      legal adviser of the Company requiring the proceeds received by Win Dynamic from its sale
      of shares of Sincere to the Company to be paid to Sincere and not Win Dynamic, the legal
      adviser of the Company responded, amongst other things, that the Company would conduct
      the Offer, including but not limited to the settlement of the cash consideration for the valid
      acceptances of the Offer, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer and in
      compliance with the Code on Takeovers and Mergers.


      On 12 May 2021, Sincere was informed by the legal adviser of the Company that the
      Company had issued a writ of summons with an indorsement of claim (the “Writ”) in the
      High Court of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (the “Court”) against Win
      Dynamic on 10 May 2021 in relation to the Purported Cancellation (the “Action”). The
      Company claimed against Win Dynamic, among others, for an order of specific performance
      requiring Win Dynamic to forthwith pay Sincere the net proceeds in respect of Sincere’s
      shares tendered by Win Dynamic for acceptance of the Offer, after deducting the seller’s ad
      valorem stamp duty payable by it, amounting to approximately HK$260,435,000 (the “WD
      Proceeds”), or such other sum as the Court may determine.


      The Company also applied to the Court for an interlocutory injunction against Win Dynamic
      (the “Injunction Application”) on 11 May 2021 which was heard by the Court on 14 May
      2021. Upon hearing submissions from the parties, the Court has adjourned the hearing of the
      Injunction Application to a date to be fixed for substantive argument, and the Court has
      granted an interim-interim injunction, which shall remain in force pending the substantive
      determination of the Injunction Application, restraining Win Dynamic from, among others,
      (a) removing from Hong Kong any of its assets which are within Hong Kong, whether in its
      own name or not, and whether solely or jointly owned, up to the value of the WD Proceeds,
      or (b) in any way disposing of or dealing with or diminishing the value of any of its assets,
      which are within Hong Kong, whether in its own name or not, and whether solely or jointly
      owned, and whether or not Win Dynamic assets a beneficial interest in them up to the value
      of the WD Proceeds.


      By a Notice of Hearing dated 18 November 2021, the date of the substantive hearing of the
      Injunction Application has been fixed for 27 May 2022 at 10 a.m..




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      210      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




49.   LITIGATION (Continued)
      Deed and purported cancellation (Continued)
      Sincere on 16 July 2021 resolved that it was in the interest of Sincere and its shareholders to
      commence legal proceedings against Win Dynamic in relation to the Purported Cancellation.
      Subsequently, Sincere had agreed to be joined as a party to the proceedings initiated by the
      Company. Accordingly, the Company sought the consent from Win Dynamic to join Sincere
      as the 2nd plaintiff and Mr. Philip Ma as the 2nd defendant in the proceedings. As such, on 6
      October 2021, the Company and Win Dynamic had jointly applied to the Court for, among
      others, (i) leave to join Sincere as the 2nd plaintiff and Mr. Philip Ma as the 2nd defendant
      and (ii) leave to amend the Writ and the statement of claim in relation to the Purported
      Cancellation (the “Joinder Application”).


      On 9 November 2021, the Court had granted an order in terms of the Joinder Application
      that, amongst other things, the Company was granted with leave to (i) join Sincere as the 2nd
      plaintiff and Mr. Philip Ma as the 2nd defendant in the Action, and (ii) amend the Writ and
      the statement of claim in relation to the Purported Cancellation (the “Joinder Order”).


      On 15 November 2021, the Company and Sincere instructed their solicitors to issue the
      amended Writ and the amended statement of claim against Win Dynamic and Mr. Philip Ma
      pursuant to the Joinder Order, and serve the same on Mr. Philip Ma on the same day. Sincere
      claimed against Win Dynamic and Mr. Philip Ma for, among others, (i) an order of specific
      performance of the Deed requiring Win Dynamic to forthwith pay Sincere the WD Proceeds,
      or such other sum as the Court may determine, and (ii) a declaration that the Deed is valid
      and binding, and Mr. Philip Ma had breached his contractual and/or fiduciary duties to
      Sincere.


      By an acknowledgment of service of amended writ of summons filed and served on 1
      December 2021, Mr. Philip Ma stated that he intended to contest the Action.


      Win Dynamic and Mr. Philip Ma had filed and served their defence and counterclaim in the
      Action on 18 January 2022 and 14 March 2022 respectively. Win Dynamic and Mr. Philip Ma
      averred, among others, that the Company and Sincere were not entitled to any remedy
      against them. They further counterclaimed against the Company and Sincere for, among
      others, a declaration that the Deed is null and void and/or unenforceable, or alternatively,
      that the Deed was lawfully rescinded, cancelled or revoked by Win Dynamic and is of no
      legal effect.


      Further details are disclosed in the announcements of Sincere dated 29 October 2020 and 4
      February 2021, the offer document of the Company dated 5 May 2021 and the response
      document of Sincere dated 20 May 2021.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      211      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




49.   LITIGATIONS (Continued)
      Deed and purported cancellation (Continued)
      Sincere has sought legal advice in respect of this litigation and was advised that (i) the Deed
      is enforceable, and (ii) Sincere has legal and contractual rights over the WD Proceeds.
      Therefore, the WD Proceeds is initially recognised as “Gift receivable from Win Dynamic” in
      the book of Sincere with an amount of HK$150,001,000, being the fair value of the WD
      Proceeds which is determined based on a credit-adjusted effective interest rate of 9.66%.


      As at 31 December 2021, the carrying amount of gift receivable from Win Dynamic (under
      non-current portion of “Prepayments, deposits and other receivables”) amounting to
      HK$158,870,000 (net of ECL allowance of HK$445,000). During the year ended 31 December
      2021, the Group has also recognised imputed interest income on gift receivable from Win
      Dynamic (under “Other income”) of HK$9,314,000.


50.   LEASE COMMITMENTS
      (a)   As lessor
            The Group leases certain investment properties (note 20) and subleases certain
            premises under operating lease arrangement (note 18), with leases negotiated for terms
            ranging from one to ten years (2020: one to ten years). The terms of the leases generally
            also require the tenants to pay security deposits.


            The Group had total future minimum lease rental receivables under non-cancellable
            operating leases with its tenants as follows:

                                                                                     2021       2020
                                                                                  HK$’000    HK$’000

            Within one year                                                          9,249        7,569
            After one year but within two years                                      2,868        1,443
            After two years but within three years                                   2,323          911
            After three years but within four years                                  1,679          694
            After four years but within five years                                   1,050          685
            After five years                                                         2,088        2,609


                                                                                    19,257    13,911




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      212      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




50.   LEASE COMMITMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   As lessee
            As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the Group had lease commitments for short-term
            leases as follows:


                                                                                     2021       2020
                                                                                  HK$’000    HK$’000


            Within one year                                                          2,654      2,646


            As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the Group leases certain office premises and office
            equipment with a lease period of 12 months, which are qualified to be accounted for
            under short-term lease exemption under HKFRS 16.


51.   CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
      The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                     2021       2020
                                                                                  HK$’000    HK$’000



      Contracted, but not provided for:
       – Capital injection in a joint venture engaged in securities
            brokerage business                                                     427,980    415,293
        – Investment property                                                      249,600          –
        – Leasehold improvements                                                     1,101      1,471


                                                                                   678,681    416,764




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      213      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




52.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      In addition to the transactions and balances detailed elsewhere in these consolidated
      financial statements, the Group had the following material transactions with related parties
      during the year:


      (a)   Related party transactions
                                                                                     2021       2020
                                                                                  HK$’000    HK$’000



            Interest expense on loans from ultimate holding company                 70,023    85,233


            Service fee paid to a related company controlled by the
              directors of the Company                                               6,397     6,897


            Management fee paid to a related company controlled
             by a director of the Company in the PRC                                  984        839


            Securities service fee received from the directors and
              controlling shareholders                                                 32         40


      (b)   Other transactions with related parties
            During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group received loans from and repaid to
            ultimate holding company of HK$542,353,000 (2020: HK$3,434,748,000) and
            HK$186,324,000 (2020: HK$3,393,068,000), respectively.


      (c)   Compensation of key management personnel of the Group


                                                                                     2021       2020
                                                                                  HK$’000    HK$’000



            Short-term employee benefits                                            12,564    12,588
            Post-employment benefits                                                   54         54


                                                                                    12,618    12,642


            Further details of directors’ emoluments are included in note 13.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      214      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              For the year ended 31 December 2021




53.   RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
      The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities,
      including both cash and non-cash changes.

                                                                 Loans from
                                                                    ultimate Amounts due
                                          Bank        Other         holding    to related      Interest        Lease
                                     borrowings        loans       company        parties      payable     liabilities      Total
                                        HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000

      As at 1 January 2020             7,968,992            –       687,688          69,496           –        59,768     8,785,944
      Financing cash flows             1,431,790            –        41,680          (1,549)   (626,851)      (34,255)      810,815
      Non-cash transactions:
        – Finance costs                        –            –             –               –     626,851         1,191      628,042
        – Lease modification                   –            –             –               –           –         2,327        2,327
        – Lease termination                    –            –             –               –           –           (97)         (97)
        – Entering into new leases             –            –             –               –           –         9,872        9,872
        – Exchange loss recognised
           in profit or loss            493,916             –        14,824               –           –             –      508,740
        – Exchange loss recognised
           in other comprehensive
          income                        213,325             –             –           3,914           –           224      217,463


       As at 31 December 2020 and
         1 January 2021               10,108,023            –       744,192          71,861           –        39,030    10,963,106


      Financing cash flows               (74,108)    (151,953)      356,029          16,661    (688,214)      (82,863)    (624,448)
      Non-cash transactions:
        – Acquisition of
            subsidiaries (note 46)      151,166       154,693             –               –           –        83,876      389,735
        – Capital contribution
            from controlling
            shareholder (note 47)              –            –             –          19,628           –         1,996       21,624
        – Finance costs                        –            –             –               –     688,214         5,123      693,337
        – Covid-19-related rent
            concessions                        –            –             –               –           –        (5,237)      (5,237)
        – Lease modification                   –            –             –               –           –        62,455       62,455
        – Lease termination                    –            –             –               –           –          (109)        (109)
        – Entering into new leases             –            –             –               –           –           509          509
        – Exchange loss recognised
            in profit or loss                  –            –        26,975               –           –             –       26,975
        – Exchange loss recognised
            in other comprehensive
            income                      293,843             –             –           1,088           –           557      295,488


       As at 31 December 2021         10,478,924        2,740      1,127,196        109,238           –      105,337     11,823,435



                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED            215      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




54.   CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
      The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s
      ability to continue as a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to
      support its business and maximise shareholders’ value.


      The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in
      economic conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or
      adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders,
      return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. No changes were made in the objectives,
      policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended 31 December 2021 and
      2020.


      The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is the total of interest-bearing bank
      borrowings, other loans and loans from ultimate holding company divided by equity
      attributable to owners of the Company. The Group’s policy is to maintain the gearing ratio at
      a suitable level. The gearing ratios at the end of the reporting periods are as follows:


                                                                                        2021         2020
                                                                                    HK$’000      HK$’000



      Bank borrowings                                                              10,478,924   10,108,023
      Other loans                                                                       2,740           –
      Loans from ultimate holding company                                           1,127,196     744,192


                                                                                   11,608,860   10,852,215
      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                  4,133,072    3,505,463


      Gearing ratio                                                                    281%         310%




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       216      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2021




55.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      (a)   Categories of financial instruments


                                                                                         2021         2020
                                                                                     HK$’000      HK$’000


            Financial assets
            Financial assets at amortised cost                                       1,793,063    2,485,061
            Financial assets at FVTPL                                                  81,206       15,297
            Financial asset at FVTOCI                                                  39,624         8,899


            Financial liabilities
            Financial liabilities at amortised cost                                 12,154,727   11,238,034


      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies
            The Group’s financial instruments include trade receivables, other receivables,
            receivables arising from securities broking, loan receivables, cash held on behalf of
            clients, pledged bank balances and deposits, bank balances and cash, financial assets at
            FVTPL/FVTOCI, trade payables, other payables, payables arising from securities
            broking, bank borrowings, other loans, amounts due from/to related parties, lease
            liabilities and loans from ultimate holding company. The risks associated with these
            financial instruments include market risk (including currency risk, interest rate risk
            and other price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. Management manages and monitors
            these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and
            effective manner.


            Market risk
            (i)     Currency risk
                    The Group is subject to foreign exchange rate risk arising from assets and
                    liabilities which are denominated in currency other than the functional currencies
                    of the relevant group entity. The Group’s foreign currency transactions and
                    balances are principally denominated in US$, Japanese Yen (“JPY”), RMB and
                    HK$. The Group is exposed to the foreign exchange rate risk mainly arising from
                    changes in the exchange rate of HK$ against RMB. The Group currently does not
                    have a currency hedging policy. However, management monitors foreign
                    currency exposure and will consider hedging significant currency exposure
                    should the need arises.




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      217      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       For the year ended 31 December 2021




55.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Market risk (Continued)
            (i)     Currency risk (Continued)
                    The Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities
                    include trade receivables, other receivables, bank balances and cash, trade
                    payables, other payables and loans from ultimate holding company at the end of
                    respective reporting period and the carrying amounts are as follows:


                                                                                       2021        2020
                                                                                    HK$’000    HK$’000


                    Assets
                    RMB against HK$                                                  489,191   1,085,132
                    US$ against HK$                                                   11,373    199,116
                    JPY against HK$                                                   24,416     35,741
                    Others                                                             1,823        193


                    Liabilities
                    RMB against HK$                                                  124,501    154,371
                    JPY against HK$                                                   14,574     15,671




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      218      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                           For the year ended 31 December 2021




55.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Market risk (Continued)
            (i)     Currency risk (Continued)
                    Sensitivity analysis
                    The Group’s foreign currency risk is concentrated on the fluctuation of HK$,
                    RMB and JPY against foreign currency. The exposure of US$ against HK$ is
                    considered insignificant as HK$ is pegged to US$, therefore is excluded from the
                    sensitivity analysis below.


                    The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% increase and decrease
                    in HK$ against RMB and JPY. The sensitivity rates used represent management’s
                    assessment of the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. A
                    positive number below indicates an increase in profit for the year where HK$
                    weakens 5% against RMB and JPY. For a 5% strengthening of HK$ against RMB
                    and JPY, there would be an equal and opposite impact on profit for the year and
                    the balance below would be negative.


                                                                                           2021       2020
                                                                                        HK$’000    HK$’000


                    RMB                                                                   13,676    34,904
                    JPY                                                                     384        783




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED          219      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                           For the year ended 31 December 2021




55.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Market risk (Continued)
            (ii)      Interest rate risk
                      The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate bank
                      borrowings, other loans, amounts due to related parties and loans from ultimate
                      holding company. The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in
                      relation to variable-rate bank balances (note 32) and variable-rate bank
                      borrowings (note 38).

                      The Group’s cash flow interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation
                      of interest rates on bank balances and HIBOR and Prime Rate arising from the
                      Group’s HK$ denominated bank borrowings. Management monitors interest rate
                      exposure and will consider hedging significant interest rate exposure should the
                      need arise.

                      As at 31 December 2021, if interest rates had been 50 basis points higher/lower
                      with all other variables held constant, the Group’s profit for the year ended 31
                      December 2021 would have been HK$2,320,000 (2020: HK$1,706,000) lower/
                      higher.

            (iii)     Other price risk
                      The Group is exposed to equity price risk arising from equity investments
                      classified as financial assets at FVTPL (note 30) as at 31 December 2021 and 2020.
                      The Group’s listed investments are listed on the Stock Exchange and are valued
                      at quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period.

                      The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to every 10% change in the fair
                      value of the equity investments, with all other variables held constant, based on
                      their carrying amounts at the end of the reporting period.

                                                                                        Increase/Decrease in
                                                                                         profit for the year
                                                                                            2021          2020
                                                                                         HK$’000       HK$’000

                      Equity investments:
                        – Financial assets at FVTPL                                         5,420              433




                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED        220      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2021




55.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risk and impairment assessment
            The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk for the components of the consolidated
            statement of financial position as at 31 December 2021 and 2020 is the carrying
            amounts as disclosed in note 55a. The Group does not hold any collateral or other
            credit enhancements to cover its credit risks associated with its financial assets, except
            for the credit risks associated with receivables arising from securities broking are
            mitigated because they are secured by listed securities in Hong Kong.


            (i)     Trade receivables
                    In order to minimise the credit risk, management of the Group has delegated a
                    team responsible for determination of credit limits and credit approvals. Other
                    monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to
                    recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment
                    under ECL model on trade balances individually.


                    Trade receivables consist of a large number of customers, spread across diverse
                    industries and geographical areas. Accordingly, the Group’s concentration of
                    credit risk is considered minimal. As part of the Group’s credit risk management,
                    trade debtors are assessed individually by reference to any historical default or
                    delay in payments, historical settlements record and current past due exposure of
                    the debtor. The Group then applies an internal credit rating for each debtor and
                    the average loss rates for the year ended 31 December 2021 ranged from 0.1% to
                    21.9% (2020: 0.1% to 4.4%).




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       221      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                         For the year ended 31 December 2021




55.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
            (ii)      Receivables arising from securities broking
                      In order to manage the credit risk in the receivables from clients arising from
                      securities broking, individual credit evaluation are performed on all clients
                      including cash clients and margin clients. Cash clients accounts receivable are
                      generally settled in two trading days after trade date. Hence, credit risk arising
                      from the cash clients accounts receivable is considered minimal. For margin
                      clients, the Group normally obtains liquid securities as collateral based on the
                      margin requirements. The Group has not granted any committed facility amount
                      to each of the margin clients and the margin loan is granted by the Group
                      depending on the assessment of the quality of the collateral and credit risk of the
                      respective client. The margin requirement is closely monitored on a daily basis
                      by the designated team. In addition, the Group reviews the recoverable amount
                      of each individual receivable at the end of each reporting period to ensure that
                      adequate impairment losses are made for irrecoverable amounts. In this regard,
                      the directors of the Company consider that the credit risk is significantly
                      reduced. Market conditions and adequacy of securities collateral and margin
                      deposits of each margin account are monitored by management on a daily basis.
                      Margin calls and forced liquidation are made where necessary. In this regard, the
                      directors of the Company consider that the credit risk is significantly reduced.

                      As part of the Group’s credit risk management, management estimates
                      impairment loss on loans to margin clients individually on each debtor by
                      reference to any historical default or delay in payments, historical settlements
                      record and current past due exposure of the debtor. The Group then applies an
                      internal credit rating for each debtor and the average loss rate for not
                      credit-impaired margin clients for the year ended 31 December 2021 is
                      approximately 0.6% (2020: 0.8%).

            (iii)     Loan receivables
                      In order to minimise the credit risk, management has delegated a team
                      responsible for determination of credit limits and credit approvals. Other
                      monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to
                      recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment
                      under ECL model on balances individually.

                      The Group manages and analyses the credit risk for each of their new and
                      existing clients before standard payment terms and conditions are offered. If
                      there is no independent rating, the Group assesses the credit quality of the
                      customer based on the customer’s financial position, past experience and other
                      factors. The Group then applies an internal credit rating for each debtor and the
                      average loss rates for the year ended 31 December 2021 is approximately 0.6% to
                      21.9% (2020: 0.8% to 23.1%).



                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      222      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                         For the year ended 31 December 2021




55.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
            (iv)     Bank balances, pledged bank balances and deposits and cash held on behalf of
                     clients
                     The Group mainly transacts with banks with high credit ratings. The credit risk
                     for bank balances, pledged bank balances and deposit and cash held on behalf of
                     clients as at 31 December 2021 and 2020 is considered as not material as such
                     amounts are placed in reputable banks with high credit ratings assigned by
                     international credit-rating agencies.


                     The Group assessed 12-month ECL on these balances by reference to probability
                     of default and recovery rate by credit rating grades published by international
                     credit-rating agencies and concluded that the ECL are insignificant as at 31
                     December 2021 and 2020 and thus no impairment loss was recognised.


            (v)      Other receivables
                     For the purposes of internal credit risk management, the Group uses past due
                     information to assess whether credit risk has increased significantly since initial
                     recognition.

                                                                                  Not past due/
                                                                                      No fixed
                                                                         Past due   repayment       Total
                                                                         HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000

                     2021                                                      63,061   140,208    203,269
                     2020                                                      70,493   161,016    231,509


                     Management has taken into account the past due information as above and
                     comparable external credit rating assigned by international credit-rating agencies
                     on debtor of similar type to review the recoverable amount of other receivables
                     at the end of the reporting period to ensure that adequate impairment losses was
                     recognised for irrecoverable debts, if applicable.


                     The Group assessed the ECL on other receivables from a local government
                     authority in the PRC by reference to the probability of default and recovery rate
                     by credit rating grades published by international credit-rating agencies and
                     concluded that the ECL are insignificant at initial recognition and as at 31
                     December 2021 and 2020 and thus no impairment loss was recognised.




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       223      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             For the year ended 31 December 2021




55.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
            (vi)     Purchased or originated credit-impaired loan receivables
                     The Group has undertaken an internal approval process before executing the
                     decision of acquisition of investments including purchased or originated
                     credit-impaired financial assets. The loss rate of which at initial recognition is
                     approximately 1.7% (2020: 1.8%).


            (vii) Gift receivable from Win Dynamic (credit-impaired)
                     The Group makes various assumptions when estimating the ECL of gift
                     receivable from Win Dynamic, including forward-looking scenarios and their
                     likelihoods, counterparty’s credit rating, and probability of defaults and recovery
                     rate. The average loss rate of which at initial recognition is approximately 0.28%.


            The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:

                                                                                 Trade receivables/
                                                                                 Receivables arising
            Internal credit                                                      from securities broking/ Other financial assets/
            rating            Description                                        Loan receivables         Other items

            Low risk          The counterparty has a low risk of default and     Lifetime ECL (not        12-month ECL
                                                                                    credit-impaired)
                                does not have any past-due amounts

            Watch list        Debtor frequently repays after due dates but       Lifetime ECL (not        12-month ECL
                                usually settle after due date                      credit-impaired)

            Doubtful          There have been significant increase in credit     Lifetime ECL (not        Lifetime ECL (not
                                risk since initial recognition through             credit-impaired)          credit-impaired)
                                information developed internally or
                                external resources

            Loss              There is evidence indicating the asset is          Lifetime ECL             Lifetime ECL
                                credit-impaired                                    (credit-impaired)         (credit-impaired)

            Write off         There is evidence indicating that the debtor is    Amount is written off    Amount is written off
                                in severe financial difficulty and the Group
                                has no realistic prospect of recovery




                   REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED               224       ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          For the year ended 31 December 2021




55.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
            The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets at
            amortised cost, which are subject to the ECL assessment:

                                             External      Internal      12-month/                     Gross carrying
                                       Notes credit rating credit rating Lifetime ECL                      amount
                                                                                                      HK$’000 HK$’000

            As at 31 December 2021

            Pledged bank balances       38i   Aaa              N/A          12-month ECL
              and deposits                                                    (not credit-impaired)   120,153   120,153

            Cash held on behalf of      31    Aaa              N/A          12-month ECL
              clients                                                         (not credit-impaired)   143,835   143,835

            Bank balances               32    Ba1 – Aaa        N/A          12-month ECL
                                                                              (not credit-impaired)   229,645   229,645

            Trade receivables           27    N/A              Low risk     Lifetime ECL
                                                                              (not credit-impaired)   374,425

                                                               Watch list   Lifetime ECL
                                                                              (not credit-impaired)      244    374,669

            Receivables arising from    27    N/A              Low risk     Lifetime ECL
              securities broking                                              (not credit-impaired)   290,531   290,531

            Loan receivables            27    N/A              Low risk     Lifetime ECL
                                                                              (not credit-impaired)   136,000

                                                               Watch list   Lifetime ECL
                                                                              (not credit-impaired)    70,999   206,999

            Other receivables           28    N/A              Low risk     12-month ECL
                                                                              (not credit-impaired)   140,208

                                              N/A              Doubtful     Lifetime ECL
                                                                              (not credit-impaired)    63,061   203,269

            Purchased or originated     28    N/A              Loss         Lifetime ECL
              credit-impaired loan                                            (credit-impaired)
              receivables                                                                             101,165   101,165

            Gift receivable from        28    N/A              Loss         Lifetime ECL
              Win Dynamic                                                     (credit-impaired)       159,315   159,315

            Amounts due from            40    N/A              Low risk     12-month ECL
             related parties                                                  (not credit-impaired)     1,598     1,598



                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED           225      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          For the year ended 31 December 2021




55.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)


                                             External      Internal      12-month/                     Gross carrying
                                       Notes credit rating credit rating Lifetime ECL                      amount
                                                                                                      HK$’000 HK$’000

            As at 31 December 2020

            Cash held on behalf of      31    Aaa              N/A          12-month ECL
              clients                                                         (not credit-impaired)   119,538    119,538

            Bank balances               32    Ba1 – Aaa        N/A          12-month ECL
                                                                              (not credit-impaired) 1,268,295   1,268,295

            Trade receivables           27    N/A              Low risk     Lifetime ECL
                                                                              (not credit-impaired)   460,382

                                                               Watch list   Lifetime ECL
                                                                              (not credit-impaired)       46     460,428

            Receivables arising from    27    N/A              Low risk     Lifetime ECL
              securities broking                                              (not credit-impaired)   165,329    165,329

            Loan receivables            27    N/A              Low risk     Lifetime ECL (not
                                                                              credit-impaired)         88,549

                                                               Watch list   Lifetime ECL (not
                                                                              credit-impaired)         89,130    177,679

            Other receivables           28    N/A              Low risk     12-month ECL
                                                                              (not credit-impaired)   161,016

                                              N/A              Doubtful     Lifetime ECL
                                                                              (not credit-impaired)    70,493    231,509

            Purchased or originated     28    N/A              Loss         Lifetime ECL
              credit-impaired loan                                            (credit-impaired)
              receivables                                                                              97,462     97,462




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED           226      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          For the year ended 31 December 2021




55.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
            The average loss rates are estimated based on comparable probability of default and
            recovery rate quoted from international credit-rating agencies; and exposure of default
            after consideration of underlying collaterals, if any, and adjusted for forward-looking
            information that is available without undue cost or effort. Such forward-looking
            information is used by management to assess both the current as well as the forecast
            direction of conditions at the end of the reporting period. The internal credit rating
            categories are regularly reviewed by management to ensure relevant information about
            specific debtors is updated.


            The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for
            trade receivables.


                                                                                       Lifetime ECL
                                                                                        (not credit-
                                                                                          impaired)
                                                                                           HK$’000


            As at 1 January 2020                                                              6,337
            Impairment losses recognised, net                                                 4,682


            As at 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                                        11,019
            Impairment losses recognised, net                                                 9,133
            Written off during the year                                                        (709)


            As at 31 December 2021                                                           19,443


            During the year ended 31 December 2021, net impairment losses on trade receivables of
            HK$9,133,000 (2020: HK$4,682,000) was recognised in profit or loss.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED           227      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




55.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
            The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for
            receivables arising from securities broking.

                                                                                  Lifetime ECL
                                                                                    (not credit-
                                                                                      impaired)
                                                                                       HK$’000

            As at 1 January 2020                                                              9
            Impairment losses recognised, net                                             1,947


            As at 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                                      1,956
            Impairment losses reversed, net                                               (1,868)


            As at 31 December 2021                                                           88


            During the year ended 31 December 2021, net reversal of impairment losses on
            receivables arising from securities broking of HK$1,868,000 (2020: net impairment
            losses of HK$1,947,000) was recognised in profit or loss.

            The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for
            loan receivables.

                                                                                  Lifetime ECL
                                                                                    (not credit-
                                                                                     impaired)
                                                                                       HK$’000


            As at 1 January 2020                                                               –
            Impairment losses recognised                                                 20,626


            As at 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                                    20,626
            Impairment losses reversed, net                                              (4,064)


            As at 31 December 2021                                                       16,562


            During the year ended 31 December 2021, net reversal of impairment losses on loan
            receivables of HK$4,064,000 (2020: net impairment losses of HK$20,626,000) was
            recognised in profit or loss.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       228      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




55.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
            The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for
            purchased or originated credit-impaired loan receivables.

                                                                                       Lifetime ECL
                                                                                   (credit-impaired)
                                                                                            HK$’000

            As at 1 January 2020, 31 December 2020, 1 January 2021
             and 31 December 2021                                                              1,578


            The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for
            gift receivable from Win Dynamic

                                                                                       Lifetime ECL
                                                                                   (credit-impaired)
                                                                                            HK$’000

            As at 1 January 2021                                                                   –
            Impairment losses recognised                                                         445


            As at 31 December 2021                                                               445


            Liquidity risk
            In the management of liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash
            and cash equivalents deemed adequate by management to finance the Group’s
            operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuation in cash flows. Management monitors
            the utilisation of bank borrowings and other loans and ensures compliance with loan
            covenants. Details of the Group’s bank borrowings and other loans are set out in notes
            38 and 39.


            The following tables detail the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its
            non-derivative financial liabilities. The tables have been drawn up based on the
            undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the
            Group can be required to pay. The maturity dates for non-derivative financial liabilities
            are based on the agreed repayment dates.




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       229      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




55.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Liquidity risk (Continued)
                                      On demand
                                         or within              1 to 5         Over                    Carrying
                                            1 year              years        5 years         Total      amount
                                         HK$’000             HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000


            As at 31 December 2021


            Trade payables                  54,926                  –                –      54,926       54,926
            Payables arising from
              securities broking           148,176                  –                –     148,176      148,176
            Other payables                 124,365               4,663               –     129,028      128,190
            Bank borrowings              1,002,241           9,206,114      1,804,823    12,013,178   10,478,924
            Other loans                      2,247                548                –        2,795        2,740
            Amounts due to related
              parties                      109,238                  –                –     109,238      109,238
            Lease liabilities               67,769             45,375                –     113,144      105,337
            Loans from ultimate
              holding company                     –          1,197,219               –    1,197,219    1,127,196


                                         1,508,962          10,453,919      1,804,823    13,767,704   12,154,727


            As at 31 December 2020


            Trade payables                  34,819                  –                –      34,819       34,819
            Payables arising from
              securities broking           139,642                  –                –     139,642      139,642
            Other payables                  55,774             48,000                –     103,774      100,467
            Bank borrowings              1,294,527           8,950,108      1,928,968    12,173,603   10,108,023
            Amounts due to related
              parties                       71,861                  –                –      71,861       71,861
            Lease liabilities               34,413               5,170               –      39,583       39,030
            Loans from ultimate
              holding company                     –           799,570                –     799,570      744,192


                                         1,631,036           9,802,848      1,928,968    13,362,852   11,238,034




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       230       ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




55.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Liquidity risk (Continued)
            The amounts included above for variable interest rate instruments for non-derivative
            financial liabilities are subject to change if changes in variable interest rates differ to
            those estimates of interest rates determined at the end of the reporting period.


            Bank borrowings and overdrafts with a repayment on demand clause are included in
            “On demand or within 1 year” time band in the above maturity analysis.


            As at 31 December 2021, the aggregate undiscounted principal and interest of these
            bank borrowings and other loans payable within one year in accordance with the
            scheduled payment terms were HK$384,399,000 (2020: HK$223,380,000).


            As at 31 December 2021, taking into account of the Group’s financial position, the
            directors of the Company do not believe that it is probable that the banks and
            counterparty will exercise their discretionary rights to demand immediate repayment.
            Included in the above balances, the directors of the Company believe that such bank
            borrowings and other loans will be repaid in accordance with the scheduled repayment
            dates as set out in the loan agreements.


            Insurance risk management
            The risk under an insurance contract is the risk that an insured event will occur
            including the uncertainty of the amount and timing of any resulting claim. The
            principal risk the Group faces under such contracts is that the actual claims and benefit
            payments may exceed the carrying amount of insurance liabilities. This is influenced
            by the frequency of claims, severity of claims, actual benefits paid which are greater
            than originally estimated and subsequent development of long tail claims. At the end
            of the reporting period, no claims and benefit payments of life insurances were
            unsettled.




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      231      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                         For the year ended 31 December 2021




55.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Fair values of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair
            value on a recurring basis
            Certain financial assets of the Group are measured at fair values at the end of each
            reporting period. The following table gives information about how the fair values of
            these financial assets are determined.


                                                    Fair value                 Fair value   Valuation technique and
            Financial asset                     as at 31 December              hierarchy    key input
                                                   2021               2020
                                               HK$’000            HK$’000


            Financial assets at FVTPL
              – Club and school                  13,991             10,108      Level 2     Estimated transaction prices
                debentures


              – Listed equity                    64,906              5,189      Level 1     Quoted bid prices in an active
                investments                                                                   market


              – Other investments                  2,309                 –      Level 2     Quoted prices from the fund
                                                                                              managers


            Financial assets at FVTOCI
               and asset classified as
               held for sale
              – Unlisted investments             30,453                  –      Level 3     Market approach and
                                                                                              discount for lack of
                                                                                              marketability of 30.9%


            The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets
            and liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements
            approximate their fair values.

            During the year ended 31 December 2021, there were no transfers of fair value
            measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into or out of Level 3 for
            both financial assets and liabilities (2020: Nil).




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED          232      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




55.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Fair values of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair
            value on a recurring basis (Continued)
            The fair value of equity investments at FVTOCI is determined using the market
            approach adjusted for lack of marketability discount. The fair value is negatively
            correlated to the discount for lack of marketability.


            As at 31 December 2021, it is estimated that an increase/(decrease) of 3% in the
            unobservable input, with all other variables held constant, would have (decreased)/
            increased the Group’s other comprehensive income as follows:

                                                                                                (Decrease)/
                                                                                                   Increase
                                                                                Increase/          in other
                                                                            (Decrease) in    comprehensive
                                                                            unobservable            income
                                                                                   input
                                                                                       %           HK$’000

            Discount for lack of marketability                                         3               (800)
                                                                                       (3)              818


            The movement of equity investments at FVTOCI and asset classified as held for sale
            during the year in the balance of Level 3 fair value measurements is as follows:


                                                                                       2021           2020
                                                                                   HK$’000         HK$’000


            Equity investments at FVTOCI
            At the beginning of the year                                                     –            –
            Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 46)                                     29,625              –
            Net gains recognised in other comprehensive income                          828               –
            Transfer to asset classified as held for sale                            (26,646)             –


            At the end of the year                                                     3,807              –


            Asset classified as held for sale
            At the beginning of the year                                                     –            –
            Transfer from equity investment at FVTOCI                                 26,646              –


            At the end of the year                                                    26,646              –


                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED       233      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




56.   OFFSETTING FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
      The disclosures set out in the table below include financial assets and liabilities that are
      subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement that covers similar
      financial instruments that are either:


      •     offset in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position; or


      •     not offset in the consolidated statement of financial position as the offsetting criteria
            are not met.


      Under the agreement of continuous net settlement made between the Group and Hong Kong
      Securities Clearing Company Limited (“HKSCC”), the Group has a legally enforceable right
      to set off the money obligations receivable and payable with HKSCC on the same settlement
      date and are settled simultaneously. In addition, the Group has a legally enforceable right to
      set off all clients accounts receivable and payable at any time without prior notice to clients
      and the Group intends to settle these balances on a net basis.


      Except for above, amounts due from/to HKSCC that are not to be settled on the same date,
      accounts receivable and payable from clients not intends to settle on a net basis, financial
      collateral including cash and securities received by the Group, deposit placed with HKSCC
      do not meet the criteria for offsetting in the consolidated statement of financial position since
      the right of set off of the recognised amounts is only enforceable following an event of
      default.




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      234      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             For the year ended 31 December 2021




56.   OFFSETTING FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Continued)
                                                           Gross
                                                     amounts of      Net amounts
                                                      recognised      of financial
                                                        financial          assets/
                                                      liabilities/     liabilities
                                          Gross            assets      presented
                                                                                     Related amounts not set off
                                    amounts of      set off in the         in the
                                                                                     in the consolidated statement
                                     recognised     consolidated     consolidated
                                                                                         of financial position
                                       financial    statement of     statement of
                                         assets/        financial       financial        Financial      Collateral         Net
                                      liabilities        position        position     instruments         received*    amount
                                       HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000


      As at 31 December 2021


      Assets
      Receivables arising from
          securities broking            304,371           (13,928)        290,443            (4,069)      (277,688)       8,686


      Liabilities
      Payables arising from
          securities broking            162,104           (13,928)        148,176            (1,008)               –    147,168


      As at 31 December 2020


      Assets
      Receivables arising from
          securities broking            195,547           (32,174)        163,373           (18,643)      (140,470)       4,260


      Liabilities
      Payables arising from
          securities broking            171,816           (32,174)        139,642            (6,717)               –    132,925


      *         The item “collateral received” represents the securities pledged in the clients’ account which are
                not recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position. The amounts are capped at the
                lower of the market value of securities and the net receivable amounts on a client by client basis.




                     REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED          235      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    For the year ended 31 December 2021




57.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                     2021          2020
                                                                                  HK$’000       HK$’000

      NON-CURRENT ASSETS
      Property, plant and equipment                                                     96        10,128
      Investments in subsidiaries                                                5,388,574     5,000,792
      Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                    3,970         4,914

                                                                                 5,392,640     5,015,834

      CURRENT ASSETS
      Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                    5,994           606
      Amounts due from subsidiaries                                              5,189,538     4,706,343
      Financial assets at FVTPL                                                     56,971             –
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                      7,690       566,299

                                                                                 5,260,193     5,273,248

      CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Trade payables                                                                   842             –
      Other payables and accruals                                                    6,801         4,487
      Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                8,013,084     7,861,701
      Lease liabilities                                                                  –        10,225

                                                                                 8,020,727     7,876,413

      NET CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                    (2,760,534)   (2,603,165)

      TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                      2,632,106     2,412,669


      EQUITY
      Share capital                                                                143,971       143,821
      Reserves (note)                                                            1,283,394     1,524,656

                                                                                 1,427,365     1,668,477

      NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Loans from ultimate holding company                                        1,204,741       744,192

                                                                                 2,632,106     2,412,669




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      236      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                           For the year ended 31 December 2021




57.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
      Note:

      The movement of the Company’s reserves are as follows:

                                                                         Share
                                                       Share          options      Capital Accumulated
                                                    premium            reserve     reserve      losses       Total
                                                     HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000

      As at 1 January 2020                           1,918,627          15,054     586,594     (553,699)   1,966,576
      Loss and total comprehensive
        expense for the year                                 –               –          –      (441,920)   (441,920)

      As at 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021      1,918,627          15,054     586,594     (995,619)   1,524,656


      Loss and total comprehensive
        expense for the year                                 –               –          –      (247,277)   (247,277)
      Exercise of share options                          6,015          (2,895)         –         2,895       6,015
      Lapse of share options                                 –          (3,281)         –         3,281           –

      As at 31 December 2021                         1,924,642           8,878     586,594   (1,236,720)   1,283,394




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED          237      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2021




58.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES
      Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:

                                 Place of
                                 incorporation/
                                 establishment                   Issued    Effective equity interest
                                 registration           ordinary share/         attributable to         Place of
      Name of subsidiary         and business         registered capital        the Group (%)           operation   Principal activity
                                                                                 2021            2020

      Realord Asset              Hong Kong                   HK$10,000            100             100 Hong Kong     Investment holding
        Management Limited                              ordinary shares

      Citibest Global Limited    BVI                         US$50,000            100             100 Hong Kong     Investment holding
                                                        ordinary shares

      Realord Ventures Limited   BVI                          US$1,000            100             100 Hong Kong     Investment holding
                                                        ordinary shares

      Manureen Ventures          BVI                          US$1,000            100             100 Hong Kong     Investment holding
       Limited                                          ordinary shares

      Realord Investment Limited BVI                          US$1,000            100             100 Hong Kong     Investment holding
                                                        ordinary shares

      Bright Success Inc.        BVI               US$1 ordinary share            100             100 Hong Kong     Investment holding

      Capital Conference Services Hong Kong                  HK$10,000            100             100 Hong Kong     Provision of conference
        Limited                                         ordinary shares                                               services

      Capital Financial Press    Hong Kong                 HK$800,000             100             100 Hong Kong     Commercial printing
        Limited                                         ordinary shares

      Concept Star Corporation   Hong Kong              HK$2 ordinary             100             100 Hong Kong     Property investment
        Limited                                                shares

      Easy Bloom Investment      Hong Kong              HK$1 ordinary             100             100 Hong Kong     Property investment
        Limited                                                 share                                                 and investment
                                                                                                                      holding

      Qualiti Printing and       Hong Kong                HK$3,750,000            100             100 Hong Kong     Trading of hangtags,
        Sourcing Limited                                ordinary shares                                               labels and shirt paper
                                                                                                                      boards

      Realord Asia Pacific       Hong Kong              HK$153,000,000           89.3            89.3 Hong Kong     Provision of securities
        Securities Limited                              ordinary shares                                               broking services and
                                                                                                                      margin financing
      Realord Vehicle Parts      Hong Kong                   HK$10,000            100             100 Hong Kong     Distribution and sale of
        Limited                                         ordinary shares                                               motor vehicle parts



                     REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                238     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2021




58.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                   Place of
                                   incorporation/
                                   establishment                   Issued    Effective equity interest
                                   registration           ordinary share/         attributable to         Place of
      Name of subsidiary           and business         registered capital        the Group (%)           operation   Principal activity
                                                                                   2021            2020

      Excellent Well (H.K.)        Hong Kong              HK$1 ordinary             100             100 Hong Kong     Property investment
        Limited                                                   share

      Realord Environmental     Hong Kong                  HK$21,046,110           61.3            61.3 Hong Kong     Investment holding and
        Protection Industrial                             ordinary shares                                               trading of scrap
        Company Limited                                                                                                 materials
        (“Realord Environmental
        Protection”)

      Realord Asia Pacific Asset   Hong Kong               HK$45,000,000            100             100 Hong Kong     Provision of securities
        Management Limited                                ordinary shares                                               advisory and asset
        (Formerly known as                                                                                              management services
        Strabens Hall
        (Hong Kong) Limited)

      Absolute Holdings Limited Hong Kong            HK$1 ordinary share            100             100 Hong Kong     Property investment

      Optima Capital               Hong Kong               HK$10,000,000             60              60 Hong Kong     Provision of securities
                                                          ordinary shares                                               broking, securities
                                                                                                                        advisory and
                                                                                                                        financial advisory
                                                                                                                        services

      Realord Finance Limited      Hong Kong                   HK$10,000            100             100 Hong Kong     Money lending
                                                          ordinary shares

      偉祿商業（深圳）有限公司                 The PRC             Paid-up capital of           100             100 The PRC       Trading of electronic
                                                          HK$36,000,000                                                 products and
                                                                                                                        computer
                                                                                                                        components/property
                                                                                                                        investment

      深圳市偉祿商業控股                    The PRC             Paid-up capital of           100             100 The PRC       Property investment
       有限公司                                               RMB32,000,000

      前海美林融資租賃                     The PRC             Paid-up capital of           100             100 The PRC       Provision of financial
       （深圳）有限公司                                            US$6,506,880                                                 leasing services
      前海偉祿跨境電子商務                   The PRC             Paid-up capital of           100             100 The PRC       Development and sale
       （深圳）有限公司                                          HK$115,000,000                                                 of e-commerce
                                                                                                                        platform/ trading of
                                                                                                                        products

      冠彰電器（深圳）有限公司                 The PRC             Paid-up capital of           100             100 The PRC       Property investment
                                                          HK$30,000,000



                     REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                  239     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2021




58.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                 Place of
                                 incorporation/
                                 establishment                   Issued    Effective equity interest
                                 registration           ordinary share/         attributable to         Place of
      Name of subsidiary         and business         registered capital        the Group (%)           operation   Principal activity
                                                                                 2021            2020

      廣西梧州市通寶再生物資                The PRC             Paid-up capital of          61.3            61.3 The PRC       Dismantling and
       有限公司                                              HK$3,570,000                                                 trading of scrap
                                                                                                                      materials

      廣東偉祿汽車零件                   The PRC             Paid-up capital of           100             100 The PRC       Distribution and sale of
       有限公司                                             RMB40,000,000                                                 motor vehicle parts

      深圳市偉祿科技控股                  The PRC             Paid-up capital of           100             100 The PRC       Property investment
       有限公司                                             RMB50,000,000

      深圳市夏浦光電技術                  The PRC             Paid-up capital of           100             100 The PRC       Property investment
       有限公司                                             RMB50,000,000

      Shenzhen Yousheng          The PRC             Paid-up capital of            51              51 The PRC       Property development
                                                        RMB20,000,000

      Realord Environmental       Japan                   JPY90,000,000          55.1            55.1 Japan         Processing and trading
        Protection Japan Co, Ltd.                       ordinary shares                                               of scrap materials

      Sincere (note 46)          Hong Kong              HK$469,977,000             75              – Hong Kong      Operation of the
                                                         ordinary share                                              development stores,
                                                                                                                     securities trading and
                                                                                                                     the provision of
                                                                                                                     general and life
                                                                                                                     insurance.

      The Sincere Life Assurance Hong Kong               HK$10,000,000           42.7              – Hong Kong      Life insurance and
        Company, Limited                                 ordinary share                                               investment

      The Sincere Insurance &    Hong Kong               HK$20,000,000           43.5              – Hong Kong      Investment holding
        Investment Company,                              ordinary share
        Limited

      Caribbean Education      BVI                           US$50,000           70.5              – Grenada        Development of the
        Industry Group Limited                           ordinary share                                              project in Grenada
        (note 47)

      Hartman Group Ltd          Grenada                  US$1,000,000           70.5              – Grenada        Property development
                                                         ordinary share

      Hartman Hotel              Grenada                     US$10,000           70.5              – Grenada        Property development
        Development Ltd                                  ordinary share

      The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors
      of the Company, principally affected the results for the year or formed a substantial portion
      of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of
      the directors of the Company, result in particulars of excessive length.



                     REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED                240     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




58.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      The Group includes five (2020: three) subsidiaries/group of subsidiaries with material NCI,
      the details and the summarised financial information, before intragroup eliminations, are as
      follows:


      Realord Environmental Protection and its subsidiaries
                                                                                      2021        2020
                                                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000

      Proportion of ownership interests and voting
        rights held by NCI                                                           38.7%       38.7%


      Current assets                                                                400,869     567,476
      Non-current assets                                                             52,367      53,458
      Current liabilities                                                          (177,150)   (394,673)
      Non-current liabilities                                                       (45,047)     (4,381)


      Net assets                                                                    231,039     221,880


      Carrying amount to NCI                                                         87,321      87,211


      Revenue                                                                       672,849     544,070
      Expenses                                                                     (669,988)   (529,073)


      Profit for the year                                                             2,861      14,997
      Other comprehensive (expense)/income for the year                              (1,954)        650


      Total comprehensive income for the year                                          907       15,647


      Profit attributable to NCI                                                       664        6,178


      Total comprehensive income attributable to NCI                                   110        6,382


      Dividend paid to NCI                                                                –           –


      Net cash flows used in operating activities                                   (37,526)    (23,095)
      Net cash flows from investing activities                                      153,216      33,631
      Net cash flows used in financing activities                                  (119,948)     (9,932)


      Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                           (4,258)       604




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      241      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




58.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      Optima Capital
                                                                                      2021        2020
                                                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000

      Proportion of ownership interests and voting
        rights held by NCI                                                             40%         40%


      Current assets                                                                 34,217     27,904
      Non-current assets                                                             30,583     39,653
      Current liabilities                                                            (2,524)    (6,963)
      Non-current liabilities                                                        (4,603)    (6,165)


      Net assets                                                                     57,673     54,429


      Carrying amount to NCI                                                         23,069     21,772


                                                                                      2021        2020
                                                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000

      Revenue                                                                        40,071      39,696
      Expenses                                                                      (36,827)    (35,934)


      Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                              3,244       3,762


      Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to NCI                       1,297       1,505


      Dividend paid to NCI                                                                –           –


      Net cash flows (used in)/from operating activities                             (8,459)      3,567
      Net cash flows used in investing activities                                      (156)       (400)


      Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                           (8,615)      3,167




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      242      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




58.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      Shenzhen Yousheng
                                                                                      2021         2020
                                                                                   HK$’000      HK$’000

      Proportion of ownership interests and voting
        rights held by NCI                                                             49%           49%


      Current assets                                                               1,634,583    1,627,683
      Non-current assets                                                                 283          209
      Current liabilities                                                            (51,520)     (43,043)


      Net assets                                                                   1,583,346    1,584,849


      Carrying amount to NCI                                                        769,045      769,782


                                                                                      2021         2020
                                                                                   HK$’000      HK$’000

      Revenue                                                                              –            –
      Expenses                                                                        (1,562)      (5,307)


      Loss for the year                                                               (1,562)      (5,307)
      Other comprehensive income for the year                                             58          191


      Total comprehensive expense for the year                                        (1,504)      (5,116)


      Loss attributable to NCI                                                          (765)      (2,600)


      Total comprehensive expense attributable to NCI                                   (737)      (2,507)


      Dividend paid to NCI                                                                 –            –


      Net cash flows from/(used in) operating activities                               5,029      (10,477)


      Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                             5,029      (10,477)




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      243      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021




58.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      Sincere Group
                                                                                          2021
                                                                                       HK$’000

      Proportion of ownership interest and voting rights held by NCI                        25%


      Current assets                                                                    250,499
      Non-current assets                                                                462,957
      Current liabilities                                                               (431,473)
      Non-current liabilities                                                            (44,756)


      Net assets                                                                        237,227


      Carrying amount to NCI                                                             97,594


                                                                                          From
                                                                                    18 May 2021
                                                                                        (date of
                                                                                    acquisition)
                                                                                              to
                                                                                   31 December
                                                                                            2021
                                                                                       HK$’000

      Revenue                                                                             95,044
      Expenses                                                                          (134,093)

      Loss for the year                                                                  (39,049)
      Other comprehensive expense for the year                                             8,388

      Total comprehensive expense for the year                                           (30,661)

      Loss attributable to NCI                                                            (9,762)

      Total comprehensive expense attributable to NCI                                     (7,665)

      Dividend paid to NCI                                                                     –

      Net cash flows used in operating activities                                        (53,731)
      Net cash flows from investing activities                                             1,630
      Net cash flows from financing activities                                            18,244

      Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                          (33,857)




                 REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      244      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021




58.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      Caribbean Group
                                                                                     2021
                                                                                  HK$’000

      Proportion of ownership interest and voting rights held by NCI                29.5%


      Current assets                                                                10,864
      Non-current assets                                                           347,784
      Current liabilities                                                          (32,048)
      Non-current liabilities                                                         (518)


      Net assets                                                                   326,082


      Carrying amount to NCI                                                        97,189




                REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED      245      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION
A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial
years as extracted from the audited financial statements are summarized below.

                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                            2021         2020          2019         2018         2017
Results                                  HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000

Revenue                                 1,195,079      869,341       828,898       811,039     762,959

Profit/(Loss) before income tax           428,467     1,449,970      (430,745)     555,949     166,281

Income tax (expenses)/credit             (312,533)     (557,652)       26,056     (172,238)     (55,060)

Profit/(loss) for the year                115,934      892,318       (404,689)     383,711     111,221


Profit/(loss) attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                   122,197      885,185       (415,529)     363,282      93,254
  Non-Controlling interests                (6,263)       7,133         10,840       20,429      17,967

                                          115,934      892,318       (404,689)     383,711     111,221

                                                             As at 31 December
                                            2021         2020           2019         2018        2017
Assets and Liabilities                   HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000

Non-current assets                     11,911,136    12,445,778     9,504,662     9,409,334   1,513,429
Current assets                          6,836,249     4,273,668     3,078,285     2,012,335     662,063

Total assets                           18,747,385    16,719,446    12,582,947    11,421,669   2,175,492

Current liabilities                     1,082,627     1,213,628       819,864       933,835    461,501
Non-current liabilities                12,399,479    11,094,244     8,543,793     7,555,408    609,993

Total liabilities                      13,482,106    12,307,872     9,363,657     8,489,243   1,071,494

Net assets                              5,265,279     4,411,574     3,219,290     2,932,426   1,103,998


Equity attributable to owners of
  the Company                           4,133,072     3,505,463     2,345,095     2,878,448   1,070,392
Non-controlling interests               1,132,207       906,111       874,195        53,978      33,606

                                        5,265,279     4,411,574     3,219,290     2,932,426   1,103,998




                    REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED   246   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
MAJOR PROPERTIES HELD AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2021


Particulars of the major properties held by the Group at the end of the reporting period are as
follows:


                                                                                       Attributable
                                                                                      interest of the
Location                                             Purpose                Tenure            Group


Hong Kong


House No.25, Villa Bel-Air,                        Residential             Medium              100%
  Bel-Air on the Peak,                                                   term lease
  Island South,
  No.25 Bel-Air Peak Rise,
  Hong Kong


House No.8, Villa Bel-Air,                         Residential             Medium              100%
  Bel-Air on the Peak,                                                   term lease
  Island South,
  No. 8 Bel-Air Peak Rise,
  Hong Kong


Mainland China


The industrial complex at                           Industrial             Medium              100%
  No. 5 Fuye Road,                                                       term lease
  Zhangkengjing Community,
  Guanhu Jie Dao,
  Longhua District,
  Shenzhen,
  the PRC


The Properties located in                              Under              Medium               100%
  Qiankeng Industrial Zone,                  redevelopment               term lease
  Qiankeng Community,
  Fucheng Jie Dao,
  Longhua District,
  Shenzhen,
  the PRC




                  REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    247    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
MAJOR PROPERTIES HELD AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2021



                                                                                    Attributable
                                                                                   interest of the
Location                                          Purpose               Tenure             Group


A block of commercial/                              Mix of                  Long            100%
 apartment building,                      residential and            term lease
 all retail shops and car                       commercial
 parking spaces of
 Realord Villas,
 Lanqing Er Lu,
 Luhu Community,
 Huanguan South Road,
 Guanhu Jie Dao,
 Longhua District,
 Shenzhen,
 the PRC


Realord Technology Park,                            Mix of             Medium               100%
 Dongzhou Community,                      residential and            term lease
 Guangming Jie Dao,                             commercial
 Guangming District,
 Shenzhen,
 the PRC




               REALORD GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED    248   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
