       奧克斯電氣有限公司
      AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD.
 (Incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

                                      STOCK CODE : 2580




                                         2026
                                            INTERIM REPORT




數據來源：弗若斯特沙利文（北京）諮詢有限公司上海分公司，基於對全球家用分體式空調市場的研究，按照2018-2024年全球家用分體式空調累計總銷量（包含OEM與ODM）計；
家用分體式空調是指用於家用和類似用途場所的空調機組產品且可分為室內機組與室外機組兩部分；於2025年08月完成調研。
CONTENTS

Corporate Information                                             2

Management Discussion and Analysis                                4

Other Information                                                29

Independent Review Report                                        33

Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
  Other Comprehensive Income                                     34

Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position   36

Interim Condensed Statement of Changes in Equity                 38

Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows           40

Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information    42

Definitions                                                      60
    Corporate Information

    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                              JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
    Executive Directors                             Mr. ZHANG Bo
                                                    Ms. LAU Yee Wa
    Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang (Chairman)                  (an associate of both The Hong Kong Chartered
    Mr. XIN Ning (President)                        Governance Institute and The Chartered Governance
                                                    Institute in the United Kingdom)
    Non-executive Directors
                                                    AUDITOR
    Mr. ZHENG Jiang
    Mr. HE Xiwan
                                                    Ernst & Young
    Ms. LI Jian
                                                    Certified Public Accountants
                                                    Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
    Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                    27/F, One Taikoo Place
                                                    979 King’s Road
    Mr. XIANG Wei
                                                    Quarry Bay
    Dr. JING Xian
                                                    Hong Kong
    Ms. TANG Mei Shan (appointed on June 5, 2026)
    Mr. TAO Shengwen (retired on June 5, 2026)
                                                    REGISTERED OFFICE
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                 PO Box 309, Ugland House
                                                    Grand Cayman
    Mr. XIANG Wei (Chairperson)
                                                    KY1-1104
    Dr. JING Xian
                                                    Cayman Islands
    Ms. LI Jian


    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                          HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL
                                                    PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC
    Mr. XIANG Wei (Chairperson)
    Ms. LI Jian                                     No. 1166
    Ms. TANG Mei Shan (appointed on June 5, 2026)   Mingguang North Road
    Mr. TAO Shengwen (retired on June 5, 2026)      Jiangshan Town
                                                    Yinzhou District, Ningbo
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                            Zhejiang Province
                                                    PRC
    Dr. JING Xian (Chairperson)
    Ms. LI Jian                                     PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
    Ms. TANG Mei Shan (appointed on June 5, 2026)   HONG KONG
    Mr. TAO Shengwen (retired on June 5, 2026)
                                                    Commercial Unit No. 3
    AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES                      15th Floor, Emperor Group Centre
                                                    288 Hennessy Road
    Mr. XIN Ning                                    Hong Kong
    Ms. LAU Yee Wa




2   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
                                                                Corporate Information




HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE                  PRINCIPAL BANK
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
                                        Agricultural Bank of China, Ningbo Yinzhou Branch
OFFICE                                  188 Huifeng East Road, Yinzhou District
                                        Ningbo, Zhejiang Province
Tricor Investor Services Limited
                                        PRC
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong
                                        COMPANY WEBSITE
                                        www.aux-home.com
LEGAL ADVISOR OF THE
COMPANY AS TO HONG KONG                 STOCK CODE
LAWS
                                        2580
Kirkland & Ellis
26th Floor, Gloucester Tower            LISTING DATE
The Landmark
15 Queen’s Road Central                 September 2, 2025
Hong Kong


COMPLIANCE ADVISOR
Somerley Capital Limited
20/F, China Building
29 Queen’s Road Central
Hong Kong


CAYMAN ISLANDS SHARE
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
OFFICE
Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited
PO Box 1093
Boundary Hall
Cricket Square
KY1-1102
Cayman Islands




                                                                           Interim Report 2026   3
    Management Discussion and Analysis

    BUSINESS REVIEW
    1.    Business Overview and Principal Products

          We have been deeply engaged in the industry for more than 30 years and integrate the design, R&D,
          manufacturing, sales and services of high-quality household and central air conditioners. We have always
          adhered to the philosophy of taking quality as the foundation and innovation as the soul. We currently
          operate seven major industrial bases in locations such as Ningbo, Nanchang, Ma’anshan, Thailand and Wuhu,
          and have established three R&D centres in Ningbo, Zhuhai and Japan. Through our industry-first online
          wholesale new retail model, we have built a distinctive “Hello AUX (小奧直賣)” ecosystem, with business
          coverage across more than 160 countries and regions including North America, Europe, South America,
          Southeast Asia and the Middle East.

          Our products mainly consist of household air conditioners and central air conditioners. Our household air
          conditioners include wall-mounted units, cabinet-style units and mobile air conditioners, while our central
          air conditioners comprise Variable Refrigerant Flow (VRF) systems, packaged units, heat pumps, modular
          units and terminal devices. We rapidly iterate our products and continuously enrich our product portfolio
          to serve a wide spectrum of applications, including residential homes, office buildings, shopping malls,
          hotels, hospitals and industrial parks.

          We remain committed to smart technology as our core focus, bridging the final mile between AI and users
          through AI voice interaction and one-click AI full-management functions. From 2022 to 2024, our smart
          voice-controlled air conditioners ranked No. 1 in national sales for three consecutive years. In 2025, our
          AI smart air conditioners ranked No. 1 in sales in China, and in 2024 and 2025, our smart air conditioners
          ranked first globally in sales for two consecutive years.

    2.    Industry Overview During the Reporting Period

          According to AVC data estimates, China’s retail sales volume of air conditioners amounted to 40.96 million
          units in the first half of 2026, representing a year-on-year decrease of 13.1%, while retail sales value
          amounted to RMB122.1 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 15.9%, mainly due to persistently
          elevated and volatile prices on the cost side and weak end-market demand. According to data from the
          General Administration of Customs, China exported 51.42 million air conditioners from January to June
          2026, representing a year-on-year decrease of 9.2%, while export value amounted to US$9.63 billion,
          representing a year-on-year decrease of 9.7%. Regional divergence was highly pronounced, with the
          European market emerging as the biggest highlight in the first half of 2026, while localised conflicts further
          amplified market uncertainty.

          According to AVC monitoring data, online air conditioner sales value from January to June 2026 recorded
          a cumulative year-on-year decrease of 25.3%. Traditional shelf-based e-commerce platforms showed weak
          growth, while emerging channels such as Douyin and Pinduoduo rapidly increased their market share. From
          a regional perspective, highly saturated replacement markets such as East China and South China recorded
          notable year-on-year declines, while lower-penetration regions such as Northeast China became structural
          bright spots. At the brand level, leading enterprises locked in market share through sub-brand strategies,
          while room for long-tail brands narrowed. The trend toward air-conditioner intelligence has become
          increasingly evident, driven by AI algorithms that are evolving from function execution to scenario-based
          services, and from standalone intelligence to whole-home cross-category coordination.




4   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
                                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis



     In overseas markets, demand diverged significantly across regions. In certain Southeast Asian countries,
     sustained high temperatures drove a steady recovery in end-market demand. Recurrent geopolitical conflicts
     in the Middle East affected demand release. Western Europe experienced extreme high temperatures,
     resulting in a concentrated surge in cooling demand, although channel inventory in regions such as Eastern
     Europe and Latin America remained at relatively high levels.

3.   Business Performance of the Company During the Reporting Period

     (1)   Quality-centred R&D driving technological innovation and rapid product iteration

           We have consistently persisted in continuous investment in core technology research and have
           established three major R&D centres in Ningbo, Zhuhai and Japan. The Ningbo centre serves as our
           core R&D hub, focusing on product development and technology transformation. The Japan centre is
           mainly dedicated to exploration in frontier fields, particularly central air-conditioning research, including
           control systems, ventilation channels and industrial design. The Zhuhai centre focuses on research in
           home appliances, inverter technologies, simulation and modularisation technologies.

           We currently have two national-level innovation platforms, namely a National Enterprise Technology
           Centre and a National Industrial Design Centre. As of the first half of 2026, we had obtained two
           additional first-and second-class provincial/ministerial science and technology awards, bringing our
           cumulative total to 19 provincial/ministerial science and technology awards and 15 international
           awards. In industrial design, we won three top-tier international awards in the first half of 2026,
           including two German Red Dot Product Design Awards, one U.S. IDEA Design Award and one China
           Design Patent Silver Award.

           As of the first half of 2026, we newly participated in the formulation or revision of two national
           technical standards, bringing the cumulative total of technical standards in which we have participated
           in formulating or revising to more than 174. We also continued to optimise the commercialisation of
           innovation achievements and the layout of patent protection. In the first half of 2026, we obtained 557
           newly authorised patents worldwide, including four overseas authorised patents. As of the first half
           of 2026, our global patent applications exceeded 18,600, and the number of maintained authorised
           invention patents exceeded 3,600. We have continuously advanced patent quality enhancement and
           have won a cumulative total of eight awards, all Excellence Awards, in previous China Patent Award
           selections.

           We remain committed to deepening product R&D in four major directions: energy saving, comfort,
           health and intelligence. At the same time, we have conducted in-depth fundamental air-conditioning
           research, such as wide-temperature reliability, enabling reliable operation within an outdoor temperature
           range of –35°C to 65°C. By applying vapor injection enthalpy enhancement technology, we have
           significantly improved ultra-low-temperature heating capability, with a maximum increase of 30%.
           Equipped with high-efficiency refrigerant cooling technology, the system uses the air conditioner’s
           own refrigerant circulation to quickly remove heat generated by controller components, ensuring
           the normal operation of electronic control components under ultra-high-temperature conditions and
           enhancing high-temperature reliability.




                                                                                                        Interim Report 2026   5
    Management Discussion and Analysis



                 We have also focused on improving temperature control precision. Our self-developed non-stop
                 defrosting technology intelligently determines when light frost forms based on feedback signals and
                 initiates defrosting without shutdown. Under this mechanism, light frost on the outdoor unit can be
                 removed while the indoor unit continues to provide heating. Under standard low-temperature heating
                 conditions, this enables continuous heating for 24 hours. Compared with traditional reverse-cycle
                 defrosting technology, indoor temperature fluctuation during defrosting is reduced from 6°C to 2°C.

                 In intelligent interaction, we launched our flagship “Good Air AI Air Conditioner” products – the Air
                 Butler i8/i9 series. The entire product range adopts a Bauhaus-inspired light luxury design language
                 and won the German Red Dot Design Award. At the same time, the products obtained L4-level smart
                 certification and are capable of real-time indoor environment monitoring, enabling one-click full
                 management of temperature, humidity, airflow, purification and fresh air, thereby achieving a leap from
                 passive temperature adjustment to proactive air management while saving both money and space. In
                 terms of hardware, the products are equipped with the industry’s first 3D gentle-breeze technology,
                 combined with canopy-and-carpet airflow and sound-source positioning, eliminating direct blasts of
                 cold air. Together with top-tier L5 AI voice capabilities, the system understands what users say and
                 does what they want.

                 Based on comfort and health, we have self-developed ultra-quiet indoor and outdoor unit technologies.
                 Equipped with bionic air ducts, diagonal-flow silent fan blades, PID frequency control technology and
                 high-density sound-absorbing cotton, together with adaptive outdoor fan speed control, our products
                 achieve indoor unit operating noise as low as 15 decibels and outdoor unit operating noise as low
                 as 38 decibels. They are also equipped with millimetre-wave radar technology to intelligently detect
                 human activity and realise airflow avoidance and airflow-following functions. When no person is
                 detected, the system automatically reduces frequency or shuts down to achieve energy-saving effects.

                 In the central air-conditioning segment, we launched the X9 top-discharge and X9-F side-discharge
                 series, leading the VRF market toward larger capacity and energy-saving transformation. The top-
                 discharge series supports up to 44 HP, while the side-discharge series supports up to 26 HP. The
                 newly designed low-power main control circuit reduces outdoor unit standby power to as low as 1W,
                 saving electricity and improving energy efficiency. The IP55 fully sealed electronic control box protects
                 control components from external interference, while the industry-leading electronic control cooling
                 technology enables stable operation at temperatures as high as 58°C.

                 At the same time, we launched large-capacity commercial heat pumps that provide integrated air-
                 conditioning and hot water solutions. Featuring a family-style premium “quiet blue” exterior, A+++
                 energy efficiency, operation at ultra-low temperatures of –30°C, outlet water temperatures up to 85°C,
                 minimum outdoor unit noise of 40dB(A), and a wide single-unit cooling capacity range of 22–40kW,
                 the products support up to eight units in parallel within a single system and achieve a maximum
                 capacity of 320kW, covering all scenarios from residential to commercial use.




6   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
                                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis



(2)   Deepening sales channel transformation, continuously driving innovation in digital business
      models, integrating online and offline channels, building a smart home ecosystem and
      enhancing user stickiness

      We have continued to deepen the transformation of our online wholesale new retail model and to
      advance “deep channel integration, omni-domain digital traffic acquisition and intelligent ecosystem
      development”.

      To accurately respond to customer needs and comprehensively improve service satisfaction, we have
      established the “AUX Cloud Warehouse” system. This system enables unified nationwide inventory
      management, intelligent allocation and resource sharing, and creates a full digital closed loop covering
      warehousing, distribution and fulfilment. It effectively addresses industry pain points such as inventory
      backlog and delayed regional stock transfers, significantly improving supply chain turnover efficiency
      and terminal fulfilment capabilities. At the same time, the cloud warehouse system is deeply integrated
      with the “Hello AUX” ecosystem, connecting brands, channels and end-users directly and realising
      transparency throughout the entire process of transactions, delivery, traceability and after-sales service.
      This has created an efficient and lean digital sales model that strengthens back-end support while
      strongly empowering front-end sales.

      The cloud warehouse system was officially launched in May 2026 and had already been successfully
      rolled out in Zhejiang, Jiangxi and Guangxi in the first half of 2026.

      Meanwhile, we have focused on deepening user value and continuously strengthening user stickiness.
      Through digital systems, we accurately accumulate user data and analyse consumption demand,
      enabling refined user operations and customised services and moving away from the traditional
      single-dimensional product distribution model. Supported by comprehensive after-sales protection and
      convenient digital services, we continue to improve user consumption experience and repurchase rates.

      In user operations, we shifted toward a “diversified and premium” operating approach and successfully
      established regular activities such as “community group buying”, “theme pop-up events”, “cross-
      industry alliances” and “store livestreaming”, thereby deepening user touchpoints. We also innovated
      our To-C (consumer facing) communication model and broke through the communication barriers
      of the home appliance industry by placing advertisements on the nationwide 12306 railway media
      platform, partnering with the two well-known domestic IPs “吾皇貓” and Shanghai Animation Film
      Studio for integrated marketing campaigns, and leveraging major campaigns such as the AUX Fans
      Festival and mid-year promotional events to achieve simultaneous breakthroughs in brand exposure
      and conversion. We also showcased cutting-edge products and technologies at AWE and the Canton
      Fair, and partnered with Milu for World Cup sports marketing to broaden our brand influence in both
      domestic and overseas markets. We actively embraced the transformation of new retail by launching
      instant retail delivery and installation services and connecting online and offline traffic channels. We
      also deeply integrated with the WeChat ecosystem, building our own traffic pool through a combination
      strategy of “mini-programs + social e-commerce + private domain operations” to empower customer
      fission and traffic generation. By building a full-domain traffic system that combines public-domain
      customer acquisition with long-term private-domain operations, we achieved efficient traffic conversion
      and continuously drove growth in both store traffic and sales.




                                                                                                 Interim Report 2026   7
    Management Discussion and Analysis



           (3)   Accelerating global expansion, strengthening localisation of overseas operations and increasing
                 sales of self-owned brands

                 In the first half of 2026, for overseas markets, we launched the industry’s first single-axial square
                 cabinet-style air conditioner. Taking the high-energy-efficiency market in Saudi Arabia as an example,
                 the product achieved T1 cooling capacity of 60K, T3 high-temperature cooling capacity of 54K, ultra-
                 long-distance airflow delivery of 25 metres, and ultra-large air volume of 2,800 m³/h, all of which
                 are at industry-leading levels. For the European market, based on user scenarios where outdoor units
                 are installed near windows or on balconies, we launched a one-click ultra-silent function, reducing
                 outdoor unit noise to as low as 35 decibels and indoor unit noise to as low as 15 decibels, effectively
                 addressing noise-related pain points. For ultra-low-temperature application scenarios, we launched
                 ultra-low-temperature models capable of normal operation at –40°C and with no heating-capacity
                 attenuation at –25°C, thereby ensuring heating effectiveness during extremely cold winters.

                 Our premium sub-brand ShinFlow launched the new I Series wall-mounted units, which integrate
                 multiple intelligent functions, including smart voice, local intelligent control, app-based remote smart
                 control and AI smart energy saving. Equipped with innovative millimetre-wave radar sensing technology,
                 the products can accurately identify the positions of people indoors and achieve airflow-following and
                 directional smart airflow delivery, creating a personalised and comfortable cooling experience and
                 precisely adapting to the local needs of Southeast Asian markets.

                 For the Vietnam market, the I Series is equipped with core functions including AI energy saving, WiFi
                 smart connectivity, voice control and UVC sterilisation, delivering a comprehensive home experience
                 featuring high efficiency and energy saving, remote smart control, clean air and even airflow for
                 Vietnamese households. For the Malaysian market, the products focus on human-sensing technology,
                 AI energy saving, voice control and ultraviolet air purification functions, enabling adaptive airflow
                 adjustment based on human position and movement to create a personalised and comfortable
                 experience while maintaining quiet operation and a healthy indoor living environment. For the Thai
                 market, the I Series is equipped with six core features, namely human sensing, AI energy saving, voice
                 and WiFi smart control, silent airflow delivery, highly efficient PM2.5 filtration and easy maintenance,
                 precisely meeting the upgraded needs of urban Thai households for intelligent cooling, clean air and
                 convenient operation.

                 We remain firmly committed to our self-owned brand strategy. As of the first half of 2026, we had
                 established sales companies in ten countries, namely Italy, Spain, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab
                 Emirates, Malaysia, Thailand, Vietnam, Indonesia, the United States and Egypt, and we continue to
                 promote the localisation of “R&D, marketing and services”.

                 We continued to advance the development of our overseas after-sales service system. In the first half of
                 2026, we newly added two major European after-sales service networks in Italy and Spain. Our overseas
                 after-sales service network covers seven countries and regions, namely Malaysia, Thailand, Vietnam,
                 Dubai, Saudi Arabia, Spain and Italy, with more than 1,100 after-sales service outlets in total. Through
                 warehouse deployment, precise stockpiling of core spare parts and pre-positioned inventory at service
                 outlets, we ensure spare parts delivery within 24 hours and improve first-time repair rates. Relying on
                 a multilingual call centre and the Global Customer Service System (GCSS) after-sales service system,
                 we conduct full-process monitoring and management of work orders, spare parts applications and
                 follow-up visits, while also using the AUXService mobile application to support engineers in handling
                 work orders online and accessing training materials on installation, maintenance and products anytime
                 and anywhere, significantly improving service efficiency.


8   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
                                                                Management Discussion and Analysis



      At present, our overseas service centres have achieved one-hour response, four-hour on-site attendance
      and a 99% resolution rate within 48 hours, effectively improving customer satisfaction. On this basis,
      we have also introduced high-standard service policies in key overseas markets, such as a 10-year
      warranty on compressors and 365-day replacement-only, forming differentiated overseas service
      competitiveness and strengthening our after-sales service reputation in overseas markets.

(4)   Comprehensively advancing digital transformation to improve efficiency and sustain
      competitiveness

      In the domestic market, we have established a six-core-value intelligent cloud warehouse system,
      comprehensively reducing burdens on channel merchants from six dimensions: cost saving, peace of
      mind, convenience, time saving, labour saving and manpower saving. Based on retail rights and credit
      ratings, we provide benefits such as exemption from warehouse rental fees, exemption from delivery
      fees and interest-free cloud credit. The system also allows channel partners to lock in distributor
      policies, place replenishment orders with one click and view operating data in real time. It supports
      direct shipment from manufacturers, inventory sharing and unified warehouse custody. It also enables
      intelligent reconciliation, eliminates the need for manual inventory counting and allows direct order
      placement and shipment to users. Supported by integrated delivery-and-installation services and end-to-
      end logistics tracking, the system also reduces manpower expenses for warehouse management, drivers
      and finance personnel. Through multiple digital warehousing functions, it effectively reduces merchants’
      pressures relating to warehousing rental, working capital turnover and manpower operations.

      For channel management, we have continued to optimise “AUX Manager (小奧管家)”, which supports
      multi-dimensional data dashboards, enabling frontline sales teams, distributors and stores to grasp user
      profiles, inventory and marketing data in real time, thereby achieving precision marketing, scientific
      decision-making and efficient operations. At the same time, the system can systematically carry out
      a series of operational tasks such as store network expansion, on-site store inspections, execution
      of promotional campaigns, personnel training and terminal empowerment, further improving the
      management standards and operational efficiency of channel terminals.

      In overseas markets, we have strengthened the construction of our overseas digital system, covering
      ten overseas sales companies and achieving standardised online management of overseas distribution,
      finance and after-sales service processes. We also completed the full-process digitalisation rollout at
      the Thailand factory, filling the gap in overseas manufacturing systems and enabling integrated online
      circulation of overseas order placement, plant production, finished goods warehousing and export
      customs documentation, thereby connecting data between the overseas sales side and the Southeast
      Asian manufacturing side.

      On the R&D side, we have continued to build our digital R&D system. Digital tools are used to
      connect the full process from demand insight, product planning, simulation verification and modular
      development. Leveraging the digital platform to connect with the Japan R&D centre, we have achieved
      real-time interconnection between domestic and overseas R&D. Through digital analysis of user
      profiles, we accurately capture differentiated domestic and overseas needs, while deepening platform
      modularisation in parallel and significantly improving the precision of new product planning. In
      addition, digital technologies such as large AI models, digital twin simulation and intelligent algorithm
      testing have been implemented, enabling unified management of R&D drawings, simulation data
      and experimental reports. The digital R&D system has become a core support for our technological
      innovation and differentiated product breakthroughs.



                                                                                               Interim Report 2026   9
     Management Discussion and Analysis



                  On the manufacturing side, we have continued to promote intelligent development at our three major
                  bases in Ningbo, Ma’anshan and Nanchang. At the Ningbo base, we newly launched an electronic
                  intelligent warehouse and a self-developed Vendor Managed Inventory (VMI) warehouse, realising fully
                  unmanned distribution of electronic materials and achieving a 99% on-time material completeness rate.

                  In line with our global capacity planning, we have also advanced the digital upgrade of the Thailand
                  production base. Our self-developed Manufacturing Operations Management (MOM) system has
                  been formally launched at the Thailand base, realising full-process digitalisation from order placement
                  to shipment. On this basis, we continue to advance comprehensive digital coverage of personnel,
                  machines, materials, processes and environment.

                  In terms of IT infrastructure, we have established two overseas cloud data centres in Singapore and
                  Frankfurt and connected them simultaneously with compliant public cloud resources in various regions,
                  forming a hybrid distributed computing foundation of “local IDC + public cloud”. The Singapore node
                  serves as the global operations and traffic scheduling hub and carries the full business traffic in the
                  Asia-Pacific region. The Frankfurt node strictly complies with the GDPR and supports localised business
                  operations, enabling user services and local data storage in Europe.

                  Relying on high-quality cross-border dedicated lines from domestic telecom operators, we have built
                  a closed-loop global SD-WAN ring network. Through our AI computing power scheduling platform,
                  we have connected domestic IDCs with overseas cloud data centres to enable intelligent and dynamic
                  allocation between local private computing power and public cloud elastic computing power. Resources
                  are automatically scaled up or down according to business load, balancing computing cost and service
                  stability. At the same time, the network is supported by an AI full-domain network operations and
                  maintenance system that monitors key indicators such as network bandwidth, latency, packet loss and
                  link load on a 24/7 basis. Through AI algorithms, the system predicts congestion and line failures and
                  automatically switches to the optimal transmission path within milliseconds, continuously iterating
                  and optimising global cross-border access performance to ensure low-latency and stable access for
                  overseas branches and global end users.

                  The system is also supported by standardised and compliant cross-border data procedures. By region,
                  data isolation, desensitisation and full-operation log auditing have been completed, enabling cross-
                  regional data interconnection on a compliant and controllable basis. This entire global IT foundation
                  has been deeply applied to various AI scenarios: hybrid computing scheduling supports global business
                  intelligence analysis and overseas localised AI customer service; AI network monitoring systems enable
                  automated fault diagnosis and intelligent bandwidth governance. With integrated computing power
                  and intelligent network infrastructure, we comprehensively support the Company’s long-term global
                  digital and intelligent development.

                  Around our AI ecosystem strategy, we have continued to deepen the integration of AI technologies
                  across the entire business chain, using digital methods to resolve business bottlenecks, optimise
                  operational processes and strengthen risk controls. Through industry benchmarking and scenario-
                  based self-identification, we have successfully deployed AI application scenarios across R&D, legal,
                  finance, sales, service, manufacturing, supply chain and IT, focusing on core business pain points
                  and converting frontline practical experience into standardised digital capabilities, thereby effectively
                  reducing dependence on individual experience.




10   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis



4.   Core Competitiveness

     (1)   Focusing on air conditioner production over 30 years and building a renowned brand

           We have been deeply rooted in the industry for 32 years. We currently operate seven major industrial
           bases in locations such as Ningbo, Nanchang, Ma’anshan, Thailand and Wuhu, and have three R&D
           centres in Ningbo, Zhuhai and Japan. Our business has expanded to more than 160 countries and
           regions including North America, Europe, South America, Southeast Asia and the Middle East.

           We were the exclusive official air conditioner supplier for the 19th Asian Games Hangzhou. From
           2018 to 2024, we ranked among the top three globally in terms of sales of household split-type air
           conditioners for cumulative seven years. From 2022 to 2024, our smart voice-controlled air conditioners
           ranked No. 1 in national sales for three consecutive years.

           We have also received two authoritative recognitions: from 2024 to 2025, our smart air conditioners
           ranked first globally in sales for two consecutive years, and in 2025, our AI smart air conditioners
           ranked No.1 in sales in China. These two credentials strongly demonstrate our industry-leading position
           in the smart air-conditioning sector.

           We have built a multi-layered brand matrix, with “AUX” as our main brand for the global market,
           “Hutssom (華蒜)” targeting the high cost-performance mass market, “AUFIT” focusing on younger
           consumer groups, and “ShinFlow” positioning itself in the premium market. This brand system achieves
           full coverage of “intelligence + affordability + youthfulness + premiumisation”, precisely matching
           the needs of different users.

     (2)   Leveraging globally leading R&D capabilities to continuously drive the implementation of
           innovation

           We continue to deepen our R&D philosophy that “quality is the foundation and innovation is the
           soul”. With global R&D deployment, substantial technology reserves and core breakthroughs across
           multiple fields as the foundation, we deeply integrate R&D innovation into the entire value chain of
           our core businesses such as home appliances and heat pumps, thereby achieving deep integration of
           technological innovation with market demand and green development.

           We have a professional global R&D team of over 1,600 personnel, focusing on in-depth research
           in fundamental disciplines and core fields such as thermodynamics, fluid mechanics, energy-saving
           technology, inverter technology and human-machine interaction. We hold two national China National
           Accreditation Service for Conformity Assessment (CNAS) laboratory certifications and have established
           a complete R&D system from basic research and technical breakthroughs to product implementation,
           thereby ensuring the professionalism and forward-looking nature of technological innovation.

           Our R&D focuses on four core directions: energy saving and low carbon, intelligent interaction,
           adaptation to extreme environments and scenario-based solutions. We have achieved key technological
           breakthroughs in multiple business areas, with a number of achievements reaching industry-leading
           levels and completing deep transformation into products.




                                                                                                  Interim Report 2026   11
     Management Discussion and Analysis



                  Our self-developed AI energy-saving core algorithms and high-efficiency inverter drive technology,
                  together with core components such as large-displacement compressors, achieve precise temperature
                  control within ±0.2°C. Our Power-Saver Hero Ultra (省電俠Ultra) model can reduce electricity
                  consumption by up to 48%. Our innovative patented dual-axis micro-hole technology and ultra-circular
                  airflow technology solve the pain points of hard direct airflow and uneven temperature distribution
                  in traditional air conditioners, and our Comfort Breeze Wind 2Plus (暢享風2Plus) air conditioner
                  won the “Annual Product Innovation” award. At the same time, digitalisation is used to enhance
                  product development capabilities by establishing a digital product planning platform, accelerating
                  the conversion of technologies into products that meet customer needs. We also continue to deepen
                  platform modularisation, effectively improving the accuracy of product planning and implementation
                  success rates. Leveraging our rich product portfolio and economies of scale, integrating digital consumer
                  interaction models, and continuously refining user research and insight capabilities, we empower
                  efficient R&D strategy formulation and create products, technologies and solutions aligned with
                  market demand.

                  We adhere to a combination of independent R&D and open collaboration, continuously deepening
                  cross-sector ecosystem cooperation and promoting the application of frontier technologies. We have
                  entered into AI technology cooperation with leading companies such as Alibaba and Baidu, deeply
                  integrating our air-conditioning hardware capabilities with AI software strengths to realise dialect
                  recognition, personalised airflow delivery and proactive decision-making functions in smart voice-
                  controlled air conditioners, upgrading air conditioners from mere “cooling and heating appliances” to
                  “emotional intelligent agents”. At the same time, at the level of basic research, we have engaged and
                  cooperated with top domestic and overseas research institutions including Tsinghua University, Shanghai
                  Jiao Tong University, Zhejiang University, Harbin Institute of Technology and Xi’an Jiaotong University,
                  establishing joint research institutes, postgraduate training bases and other deeper technological
                  cooperation arrangements.

            (3)   Comprehensive, innovative and streamlined sales channels

                  Our pioneering “Hello AUX” ecosystem centres on five key business scenarios: procurement, sales,
                  promotion, training and service, and has implemented six major initiatives, namely policy visualisation,
                  AUX Terminal, AUX Training, AUX Promotion, seamless updates and AUX Partners. Internally, it
                  deeply connects and empowers the entire value chain operations, including procurement, sales and
                  services, achieving 100% support coverage for terminal business. Externally, it seamlessly connects
                  with partners across all channels. It breaks down the barriers of the traditional distribution system,
                  which is characterised by complex layers and inefficient circulation, and achieves direct connectivity
                  from factories to stores.

                  In building all-channel coverage, we adhere to a full-scenario, full-region and full-customer-segment
                  channel layout. Offline, we optimise store networks in first-and second-tier core business districts,
                  community experience stores and township specialty stores, continue to penetrate county-level and
                  previously uncovered markets, and complete standardised upgrades of terminal stores to strengthen our
                  offline retail foundation. Online, we establish a full-domain presence across mainstream e-commerce
                  platforms, content livestreaming, local instant retail and private-domain community channels, while
                  also connecting B-end incremental channels such as home decoration packages and government and
                  enterprise bulk procurement, thereby realising online-offline integration.




12   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
                                                                Management Discussion and Analysis



      At the same time, we newly launched the cloud warehouse system, achieving deep integration between
      the two systems and enabling visualised and intelligent full-process management of warehousing
      allocation, inventory sharing, regional stock transfer and fulfilment delivery. This precisely activates
      full-domain inventory resources, effectively reduces the risk of slow-moving inventory and improves
      fulfilment efficiency. We also implement “streamlining and efficiency enhancement” to optimise
      channel operating quality and efficiency. We continue to promote channel flattening reform, reducing
      redundant links in multi-tier distribution and opening efficient pathways for brands to reach terminals
      directly. Resources are concentrated to empower high-quality benchmark stores, significantly improving
      single-store operating efficiency.

      In the process, we have also strictly rectified channel price disorder and cross-region product diversion
      to standardise market order. By streamlining layers, procedures and irregularities, we effectively reduce
      channel operating costs, safeguard reasonable distributor profits and build a healthy and sustainable
      channel ecosystem.

(4)   Continuously deepening global layout

      In the domestic market, our self-developed “Hello AUX” smart digital marketing engine serves as an
      industry-specific ecosystem of mutual benefit and win-win cooperation. Through system restructuring
      and scenario empowerment, it comprehensively improves business collaboration and digital operational
      efficiency, precisely empowering terminal retail operations and refined cultivation of regional markets.

      In overseas markets, we have replicated the mature domestic “Hello AUX” new retail model abroad
      and established a full-chain overseas operating system connecting “product R&D, marketing, channel
      deployment and after-sales service”. Our self-developed overseas sales app, “HelloAUX”, helps users
      complete online product selection and order placement. Our self-developed overseas service app,
      “AUXService”, provides users with fast and convenient after-sales service and has already achieved
      one-hour response, four-hour on-site attendance and a 99% resolution rate within 48 hours, effectively
      improving customer satisfaction. At the same time, through our self-developed “Supply Chain
      and Distribution Platform” (SDP) system for ocean shipping integration and the “Global Logistics
      Management System” (GLMS) system for local logistics transportation connectivity, we have established
      an integrated full-chain sales platform covering factories, overseas warehouses, customers, sales and
      after-sales services, serving markets in the Americas, Europe and Asia. Our products are sold to more
      than 160 countries and regions.




                                                                                               Interim Report 2026   13
     Management Discussion and Analysis



            (5)   Digital and intelligent upgrading to improve quality and operational efficiency

                  We have always been committed to improving decision-making efficiency, strengthening execution
                  capability and enhancing market responsiveness through digitalisation and intelligence. We have
                  innovatively built the AUX industrial internet platform to improve the efficiency of end-to-end
                  information transmission and decision implementation. By connecting multi-dimensional data across
                  R&D, manufacturing, supply chain, warehousing, quality control and sales, we have realised digital
                  upgrades in four major areas: industrial management software, network infrastructure, production
                  equipment hardware and industrial information systems, effectively improving corporate management
                  decision-making efficiency.

                  In the R&D field, we have established the PIDD development model for product innovation, covering the
                  full process from demand to market launch, overturning the traditional mass-production development
                  model and implementing it digitally through PLM. Through AI, we have developed intelligent design
                  tools based on R&D design standards and benchmark cases, expanded simulation applications to
                  T-category projects and significantly shortened the design process. Through national configuration
                  selection, we have enhanced our ability to meet customer needs, reduced configuration complexity
                  and improved order delivery experience.

                  In the supply chain field, we have continuously deepened supplier full-life-cycle management. Relying on
                  our Supplier Relationship Management (SRM) system, we have upgraded supplier admission, fulfilment,
                  assessment and elimination processes toward greater standardisation, transparency and refinement.
                  We have strengthened fulfilment process control and closed-loop exception handling, carried out
                  supplier performance evaluations, issue rectification and dynamic replacement, and built a stable and
                  efficient supply chain ecosystem featuring survival of the fittest, collaboration and mutual benefit.

                  In intelligent manufacturing, we have built a 100%-self-owned-intellectual-property MOM system,
                  which, following successful adaptation in the compressor business, has also been successfully applied
                  to the air-conditioning business. The system covers major manufacturing business domains including
                  production, quality, warehousing and equipment, achieving complete independence and controllability
                  of core production systems. At the same time, we have built a benchmark “lights-out factory” for
                  the industry, deepened the functions of the industrial internet platform, improved full-chain data
                  connectivity and integration, and established a global capacity scheduling platform to dynamically
                  optimise capacity allocation among domestic and overseas bases.

                  In sales, with the “AUX App” at the core, we have built the AUX digital ecosystem, integrating retail
                  sales data and leveraging the funding capabilities of Agricultural Bank of China to obtain real-time
                  access to user profiles, inventory and marketing data, thereby achieving precision marketing, scientific
                  decision-making and efficient operations.




14   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
                                                                Management Discussion and Analysis



(6)   Visionary, progressive and steady management team and an open, win-win corporate culture

      Our core team members each have more than 20 years of cumulative experience in the air-conditioning
      industry. They possess profound industry experience and sharp market insight, with deep understanding
      of the entire industry chain. Under their leadership, our workforce is united and enterprising. Under
      the leadership of the core management team, we have achieved revolutionary innovation in production
      and operations, such as the innovative launch of the online wholesale new retail model and the “lights-
      out factory” production model, which have significantly improved sales and production efficiency and
      also provided important driving forces for our business growth.

      In addition, we adhere to the talent development philosophy that “when the right people are in place,
      the enterprise will be right”. We attach great importance to aligning the interests of our employees with
      our long-term development. Equity incentive plans are implemented for core management personnel
      and key personnel, effectively enhancing team cohesion and stability and ensuring that we continue
      to pursue our strategic objectives.

      Furthermore, the cohesive corporate culture shaped by our own operating philosophy is the cornerstone
      of our long-term value creation. We guide our corporate operations based on the principles of
      “customer centricity; rationally ambitious goals; problem exposure; benchmarking; and product
      leadership”. In our daily business operations, we adhere to the efficiency principles encapsulated
      in the ideas of “everything based on economic value, everything based on reasonable norms, and
      everything based on efficient rhythm”, striving to reduce operating costs through higher efficiency so
      as to benefit customers. Through more than 30 years of accumulation and development, our mature,
      efficient and executable corporate culture system continuously creates greater value for customers,
      employees, Shareholders and society, helping our employees achieve self-improvement and pursue
      excellence, and ensuring efficient management decision-making and effective execution.




                                                                                               Interim Report 2026   15
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     FUTURE DEVELOPMENT PROSPECTS OF THE COMPANY
     1.    Development Strategy of the Company

           We will take technological innovation as our core engine and firmly implement our strategies of
           internationalisation, overseas self-owned products and central air conditioning, while continuously deepening
           our global layout. We will continue to increase R&D investment, focusing on intelligent control, high-efficiency
           energy saving, in-house development of core components and green low-carbon technologies, so as to build
           core barriers through technological innovation and drive product premiumisation and brand upgrading.
           We will remain committed to internationalisation, further consolidating our leading markets, increasing
           market share in weaker markets and breaking into major untapped markets. We will continue to pursue our
           overseas self-owned product strategy, advance the establishment of overseas sales companies and plan to
           set up three to five sales companies each year, with local teams gaining deep insights into customer needs
           while also establishing after-sales service outlets and piloting e-commerce operations. We will strengthen
           our central air-conditioning business, upgrade domestic products, focus on heavy commercial business in
           overseas markets, accelerate R&D for adaptive products, and deepen our presence in core regions such as
           Europe, South America, the Middle East and Africa.

     2.    Key Operational Priorities for 2026

           In 2026, external uncertainties continue to intensify. In response, we will remain focused on the following
           core tasks and address external challenges through determined measures to ensure stable and orderly
           operations and achieve steady development.

           (1)    Firmly advancing internationalisation: As the world’s fifth-largest air conditioner supplier, our
                  products are sold in more than 160 countries and regions, forming a comprehensive global layout
                  featuring leadership in advantaged markets, breakthroughs in high-potential markets and entry into
                  untapped markets. We will deepen our strategy of global localisation, focus on high-potential core
                  regions and promote the transformation of our overseas markets from mere “scale expansion” to
                  “dual enhancement of scale + profit”. We will continue to consolidate our mature and advantaged
                  markets in Southeast Asia and the Middle East, leveraging the favourable momentum created by our
                  previous brand expansion and strong market sales. We will further cultivate core countries and regional
                  markets, strengthen localised brand promotion, terminal operations and scenario-based marketing
                  implementation, continuously reinforcing our leading regional market position and stabilising our core
                  market base. At the same time, we will focus on making breakthroughs in emerging high-potential
                  markets such as Europe, Latin America and Central and Eastern Europe, deeply adapting to local policy
                  standards, consumption trends and market rules, making up for the shortcomings in new market
                  growth and cultivating new growth curves. Our ODM business will continue to maintain its leading
                  cost advantages and efficient delivery capabilities, while our Original Brand Manufacturer (OBM)
                  business will continue to pursue the coordinated development of the national distributor model and
                  sales company model in parallel, as we move toward becoming a globally recognised brand.




16   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
                                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis



     (2)   Firmly promoting self-owned brands: We will strengthen our AI smart brand positioning and enhance
           brand premium through a multi-layered brand matrix. Positioned as the “preferred choice for smart
           air conditioning”, we will continue to increase brand communication across all domains, maintain our
           marketing approach through IP collaborations, exhibitions and sports marketing, and continuously
           communicate the differentiated selling points of our AI whole-home air solutions. We will accelerate
           the launch of product series integrating large AI models, cloud voice systems and AIoT whole-home
           interconnection, thereby upgrading our brand positioning from value-for-money to intelligence-driven
           value.

           We will operate our four major brands in a layered manner: AUX will consolidate the mainstream smart
           air-conditioning market; Hutssom will deepen its penetration of the mass affordable market; AUFIT
           will further target younger consumers; and ShinFlow will expand into overseas premium experience
           stores and high-end property channels, continuously raising our overall brand premium. At the same
           time, we will continue to develop our self-owned brands overseas by planning to establish three to
           five new overseas sales companies each year. Through a coordinated “national distributor + sales
           company” model, we aim to drive the rapid expansion of our overseas self-owned brand business. In
           parallel, we will implement localised product customisation and establish localised service networks
           overseas, continuously enhancing the global influence of our self-owned brands and accelerating the
           transformation from “product export” to “brand export”.

     (3)   Deepening the central air-conditioning business: We will continue to drive market growth through
           sustained product innovation and global expansion. In the domestic market, we will continue to deepen
           our VRF business, accelerate the promotion of core products such as the X9 series, and focus on key
           sectors including municipal and industrial construction, commercial buildings, hotels and education. We
           will also continue to improve our product portfolio in areas such as large water chillers to cultivate new
           growth drivers. In overseas markets, we will focus on advancing heavy commercial businesses such as
           heat pumps, concentrating on core regions including Europe, the Middle East, North America, South
           America and Southeast Asia, accelerating the development of products, channels and certification
           systems, and continuously increasing both the influence of our self-owned brands and the contribution
           of the central air-conditioning business.

     (4)   Expanding product categories: Based on brand licensing arrangements and leveraging our existing
           channel resources, we will expand into new home appliance categories through Original Equipment
           Manufacturer (OEM) and other approaches, further enhancing our overall profitability resilience and
           ability to withstand risks.

3.   Risks Faced and Countermeasures

     (1)   Geopolitical conflict risk

           Geopolitical conflicts bring multiple external uncertainties and continue to put pressure on the air-
           conditioning industry. Conflicts disrupt global energy supply, drive up crude oil prices and increase
           air conditioner production costs. The growing navigation risks in key Middle Eastern shipping routes
           have led to higher ocean freight rates and longer transportation cycles, increasing export fulfilment
           pressure. As the Middle East is an important overseas market for our air conditioners, geopolitical
           instability may suppress local end-market demand and weaken order stability.




                                                                                                     Interim Report 2026   17
     Management Discussion and Analysis



            (2)   Exchange rate fluctuation risk

                  As our overseas revenue accounts for nearly 50% of total revenue, and the import and export of our
                  products involve foreign currencies such as U.S. dollars, euros, Japanese yen and Thai baht, fluctuations
                  in the exchange rates of the relevant currencies may affect our financial position and increase financial
                  costs. Overseas sales are mainly conducted in the local currencies of the countries and regions in which
                  we operate, while our consolidated financial statements are prepared in RMB. Accordingly, we are also
                  exposed to currency exchange risk. We use hedging arrangements to mitigate the impact of foreign
                  exchange fluctuations. However, we may not be able to fully eliminate the risk of foreign exchange
                  losses through such arrangements.

            (3)   Risk of raw material price fluctuation and supply shortage

                  The principal raw materials and components used in our products include copper, aluminium, steel,
                  plastics, compressors and motors. If prices of raw materials rise substantially, or if supply shortages
                  of such materials and components containing such materials result from supply and demand trends,
                  transportation costs, government regulations and tariffs, geopolitical events, currency exchange
                  movements, price controls, economic conditions or other unforeseen circumstances, our business,
                  results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.

            (4)   Overseas operational risk

                  As our overseas revenue accounts for approximately 50% of total revenue and our products are sold
                  to more than 160 countries and regions, our overseas operations and profitability may be affected by
                  local permits, licences or approvals, foreign exchange controls, political unrest and civil disturbances,
                  tax laws and regulations, trade barriers and other factors in the relevant countries.

            (5)   Risk of increased tariffs and retaliatory trade measures

                  Tariffs and unilateral trade policies that may be implemented by the United States and other major
                  economies could substantially increase the export costs of air conditioners, directly compress corporate
                  profits, reduce the price competitiveness of products and result in fewer orders from relevant countries.
                  Frequent policy changes further heighten operating uncertainty, and we may be forced to adjust
                  capacity and supply chains, resulting in significantly increased funding and operational pressure. Overall
                  profitability and growth may therefore be materially constrained.

            (6)   Price war risk

                  Intensified competition in the air-conditioning industry may trigger price wars. Continuous price
                  reductions to capture market share could significantly squeeze profit margins, and rising costs of raw
                  materials such as copper may further reduce profits. We will increase R&D investment, improve product
                  mix, raise the proportion of high-margin products and improve profitability.




18   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
                                                                         Management Discussion and Analysis




FINANCIAL REVIEW
In the first half of 2026, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB17,503.7 million, representing a
decrease of 12.9% from RMB20,085.1 million in the first half of 2025.

In the first half of 2026, profit attributable to owners of the Company amounted to RMB1,107.9 million,
representing a decrease of 40.8% from approximately RMB1,872.7 million in the first half of 2025.


REVENUE
The table below sets forth the absolute amounts and percentages of the Company’s revenue by types of goods
for the six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025.

                                               For the six months ended June 30,
                                               2026                          2025                               Change
                                                           % of                                    % of
                                        RMB’000       Revenue        RMB’000                    Revenue                %
                                     (Unaudited)                   (Unaudited)


Household air conditioners             15,388,485               87.9       17,914,592                89.2          (14.1)
– Wall-mounted units                   13,054,275               74.6       15,386,493                76.6          (15.2)
– Cabinet-style units                   2,083,190               11.9        2,338,494                11.6          (10.9)
– Mobile units                            251,020                1.4          189,605                 1.0           32.4
Central air conditioners                1,748,479               10.0        1,921,724                 9.6           (9.0)
Others                                    366,704                2.1          248,763                 1.2           47.4


Total                                  17,503,668              100.0       20,085,079              100.0           (12.9)


Note:   Any discrepancies in any table or chart between the total shown and the sum of the amounts listed in this interim
        report are due to rounding.


In the first half of 2026, the Company achieved revenue of RMB17,503.7 million, representing a year-on-year
decrease of 12.9%, of which revenue from household air conditioners amounted to RMB15,388.5 million,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 14.1%; revenue from central air conditioners reached RMB1,748.5
million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 9.0%; and revenue from others amounted to RMB366.7 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of 47.4%. The decrease in revenue was mainly attributable to, inter alia,
the ongoing geopolitical tensions in the Middle East and subdued domestic end-consumer demand.

The revenue from sales of household air conditioners decreased by 14.1% from RMB17,914.6 million for the first
half of 2025 to RMB15,388.5 million for the first half of 2026, primarily attributable to (1) geopolitical tensions
in the Middle East leading to a decline in sales volume in the region; and (2) the appreciation of RMB, which
together resulted in a decrease in overseas revenue.

The revenue from sales of central air conditioners decreased by 9.0% from RMB1,921.7 million for the first half of
2025 to RMB1,748.5 million for the first half of 2026, primarily attributable to the decrease in overseas revenue
driven by the appreciation of RMB.




                                                                                                         Interim Report 2026   19
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     The table below sets forth the absolute amounts and percentages of the Company’s revenue by brand for the
     six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025.

                                                 For the six months ended June 30,
                                                 2026                          2025                         Change
                                                             % of                                 % of
                                          RMB’000       Revenue        RMB’000                 Revenue            %
                                       (Unaudited)                   (Unaudited)


     AUX                                  9,167,537              52.4       9,955,544              49.6         (7.9)
     Hutssom                                370,089               2.1         503,216               2.5        (26.5)
     AUFIT                                  924,050               5.3         516,215               2.6         79.0
     ODM                                  6,675,287              38.1       8,861,341              44.1        (24.7)
     Other business                         366,704               2.1         248,763               1.2         47.4


     Total                               17,503,668             100.0      20,085,079             100.0        (12.9)


     From a brand perspective, our revenue was mainly driven by product sales of AUX products, recorded revenue of
     RMB9,167.5 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 7.9%. The revenue from sales of AUFIT products
     increased by 79.0% from RMB516.2 million for the first half of 2025 to RMB924.1 million for the first half of
     2026, primarily attributable to the remarkable effectiveness of brand operations.

     The following table provides a breakdown of the Company’s revenue by geographical location, both in absolute
     amounts and as a percentage of total revenue, for the six months ended June 30, 2026, and 2025.

                                                 For the six months ended June 30,
                                                 2026                          2025                         Change
                                                             % of                                 % of
                                          RMB’000       Revenue        RMB’000                 Revenue            %
                                       (Unaudited)                   (Unaudited)


     Chinese mainland                     8,870,390              50.7       9,246,162              46.0         (4.1)
     Asia (except Chinese mainland)       4,923,007              28.1       6,063,792              30.2        (18.8)
     Europe                               1,479,326               8.5       2,210,038              11.0        (33.1)
     North America                        1,082,764               6.2       1,105,502               5.5         (2.1)
     South America                          769,626               4.4         938,515               4.7        (18.0)
     Other countries/regions                378,555               2.2         521,070               2.6        (27.4)


     Total                               17,503,668             100.0      20,085,079             100.0        (12.9)


     From a regional contribution perspective, revenue in the first half of 2026 decreased by RMB2,581.4 million
     compared to the first half of 2025, primarily attributable to the net impact of decrease in revenue of RMB1,140.8
     million from Asia (except Chinese mainland) (mainly the Middle East).




20   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
                                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis




GROSS PROFIT AND GROSS PROFIT MARGIN
The following table sets forth the breakdown of the Company’s gross profit and gross profit margin by types of
goods for the six months ended June 30, 2026, and 2025.

                                                         For the six months ended June 30,
                                                       2026                             2025
                                                             Gross Profit                             Gross Profit
                                            Gross Profit          Margin      Gross Profit                Margin
                                               RMB’000                 %        RMB’000                        %
                                            (Unaudited)                       (Unaudited)


Household air conditioners                     2,364,035                15.4        3,209,066                  17.9
Central air conditioners                         481,768                27.6          594,855                  31.0
Others                                           323,864                88.3          118,961                  47.8


Total                                          3,169,667                18.1        3,922,880                  19.5


The Company’s overall gross profit margin for the first half of 2026 decreased from 19.5% in the first half of 2025
to 18.1%. The decrease was mainly caused by lower gross profit on export sales resulting from the persistently
elevated level of raw material costs and appreciation of RMB. The gross profit margin for central air conditioners
is generally higher than that of household air conditioners.


SELLING AND DISTRIBUTION EXPENSES
The table below sets forth the Company’s selling and distribution expenses and percentage of revenue for the
six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025.

                                                        For the six months ended June 30,
                                                      2026                             2025
                                               RMB’000 % of Revenue            RMB’000      % of Revenue
                                            (Unaudited)                      (Unaudited)


Selling and distribution expenses                756,969                 4.3          806,575                    4.0


In the first half of 2026, the Company’s selling and distribution expenses amounted to RMB757.0 million,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 6.2%. This decrease was primarily due to the decrease in freight and
miscellaneous expenses resulting from the decline in sales volume. Selling and distribution expenses as a percentage
of revenue were approximately 4.3% and 4.0% in the first half of 2026 and in the first half of 2025, respectively.




                                                                                                    Interim Report 2026   21
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES
     The table below sets forth the Company’s administrative expenses and percentage of revenue for the six months
     ended June 30, 2026 and 2025.

                                                           For the six months ended June 30,
                                                         2026                             2025
                                                  RMB’000 % of Revenue            RMB’000      % of Revenue
                                               (Unaudited)                      (Unaudited)


     Administrative expenses                        509,302                2.9          542,078                 2.7


     In the first half of 2026, the Company’s administrative expenses amounted to RMB509.3 million, representing a
     year-on-year decrease of 6.0%. This decrease was primarily due to the streamlined management structure, which
     resulted in a decrease in remuneration. Administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue were approximately
     2.9% and 2.7% in the first half of 2026 and in the first half of 2025, respectively.


     RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES
     The table below sets forth the Company’s research and development expenses and percentage of revenue for
     the six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025.

                                                           For the six months ended June 30,
                                                         2026                             2025
                                                  RMB’000 % of Revenue            RMB’000      % of Revenue
                                               (Unaudited)                      (Unaudited)


     Research and development expenses              368,417                2.1          312,115                 1.6


     In the first half of 2026, the Company’s research and development expenses amounted to RMB368.4 million,
     representing a year-on-year increase of 18.0%. This increase was primarily due to the increase in investment
     in moulds, R&D materials and related items resulting from intensified R&D efforts for new products. Research
     and development expenses as a percentage of revenue were approximately 2.1% and 1.6% in the first half of
     2026 and in the first half of 2025, respectively.


     IMPAIRMENT LOSS ON FINANCIAL ASSETS, NET
     The net impairment loss on financial assets primarily consists of impairment loss for movement in loss allowance
     for trade receivables at amortized cost based on the expected credit loss model. In the first half of 2026, the
     Company’s net impairment loss on financial assets amounted to RMB52.2 million, representing a year-on-year
     decrease of 45.9%. This decrease was primarily due to improved collection performance, as well as an enhanced
     customer mix with stronger credit quality.




22   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
                                                                       Management Discussion and Analysis




OTHER EXPENSES
Other expenses primarily included (i) foreign exchange differences, net; (ii) loss on derecognition of receivables
at fair value through other comprehensive income; (iii) realized loss on derivative financial instruments; and (iv)
others. In the first half of 2026, the Company’s other expenses amounted to RMB363.5 million, compared to
RMB57.1 million in the first half of 2025. This increase was primarily due to the increase in exchange losses
resulting from the continuous appreciation of RMB against major currencies.


FINANCE COSTS
Finance costs primarily represent interest incurred on bank borrowings and interest on lease liabilities. In the first
half of 2026, the Company’s finance costs amounted to RMB17.0 million, representing a year-on-year decrease
of 52.1%. This decrease was primarily due to the decrease in forfaiting and bank borrowings.


PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD
For the foregoing reasons, the Company’s net profit decreased by 40.8% from RMB1,872.7 million in the first
half of 2025 to RMB1,107.9 million in the first half of 2026.


FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                      As of                 As of
                                                                                   June 30,          December 31,
                                                                                      2026                  2025
                                                                                   RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)              (Audited)


Non-current assets                                                                 9,901,429             9,447,249
Current assets                                                                    25,102,952            21,972,037
Current liabilities                                                               23,951,395            19,619,923
Non-current liabilities                                                            1,879,493             1,840,976


Net assets                                                                         9,173,493             9,958,387


The Company’s non-current assets increased from RMB9,447.2 million as of December 31, 2025 to RMB9,901.4
million as of June 30, 2026, primarily due to the increase in investment in property, plant and equipment.

The Company’s current assets increased from RMB21,972.0 million as of December 31, 2025 to RMB25,103.0
million as of June 30, 2026, primarily due to the increase in trade and bills receivables.

The Company’s current liabilities increased from RMB19,619.9 million as of December 31, 2025 to RMB23,951.4
million as of June 30, 2026, primarily due to the increase in trade and bills payables.

The Company’s non-current liabilities increased from RMB1,841.0 million as of December 31, 2025 to RMB1,879.5
million as of June 30, 2026, mainly due to the increase in interest-bearing bank borrowings.

The Company’s net assets decreased from RMB9,958.4 million as of December 31, 2025 to RMB9,173.5 million
as of June 30, 2026, mainly due to the distribution of the final dividend for year 2025.


                                                                                                      Interim Report 2026   23
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES
     The Group pays great attention to cash flow management and has been able to maintain a healthy financial and
     liquidity position. The Group has followed a set of funding and treasury policies to manage our capital resources
     and mitigate potential risks involved. As of June 30, 2026, the Group had a current ratio of 1.05 (December 31,
     2025: 1.12).

     As of June 30, 2026, approximately 100% of the interest-bearing borrowings balance was denominated in RMB.
     The variable rate and fixed rate interest-bearing borrowings were RMB658.5 million and RMB1,875.0 million,
     respectively.

     As of June 30, 2026, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents amounted to RMB7,586.6 million (December 31, 2025:
     RMB5,052.8 million), representing an increase of 50.1% as compared to that as of the end of 2025, primarily
     due to the increase in net cash flows generated from operating and financing activities.

     The liquidity of the Group is primarily dependent on its ability to maintain adequate cash inflows from operations
     to meet its debt obligations as they fall due, and its ability to obtain external financing to meet its committed
     future capital expenditure.

     The Group will continue to maintain stable liquidity in its operations in 2026 to ensure meeting its working capital
     requirements in the coming year, as well as maintaining the financial flexibility for future strategic investment
     opportunities.


     TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES
     The majority of our trade and bills receivables were in connection with export revenue. Our trade and bills
     receivables increased from RMB2,997.0 million as of December 31, 2025 to RMB5,469.9 million as of June 30,
     2026, primary along with the industry practice of overseas revenue being primarily concentrated in the first half
     of the year which led to the increase in trade and bills receivables.


     TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES
     Trade and bills payables mainly represent payments for purchasing materials. Our trade and bills payables increased
     from RMB9,633.0 million as of December 31, 2025 to RMB13,048.3 million as of June 30, 2026, primarily due
     to the increase in material procurement resulting from the increase in production volume.


     GEARING RATIO
     As of June 30, 2026, the Group’s gearing ratio (defined as total liabilities divided by total assets of the Group)
     was 73.8% (December 31, 2025: 68.3%), representing an increase of 5.5 percentage points mainly due to the
     distribution of the final dividend for year 2025.


     CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
     The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a
     going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns to Shareholders and benefits to other stakeholders, by
     pricing services commensurately with the level of risk.




24   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
                                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis



The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions
and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may
adjust the dividend payment to Shareholders, return capital to Shareholders or issue new shares. The Group is
not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or
processes for managing capital during the Reporting Period.


CAPITAL EXPENDITURE
The Company’s capital expenditure consists of construction in progress, machinery and equipment, office
equipment and fixtures, buildings and motor vehicles. The Company’s capital expenditure increased from RMB633.6
million in the first half of 2025 to RMB960.4 million in the first half of 2026, mainly due to the construction of
production bases.


CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
The Group’s capital commitments, contracted but not yet provided for, amounted to RMB1,695.5 million as of
June 30, 2026 (December 31, 2025: RMB2,124.6 million), primarily associated with property, plant and equipment
related to the construction of manufacturing facilities.


CHARGE OF ASSETS
As of June 30, 2026, the net value of pledged assets for interest-bearing bank borrowings and bank facilities of
the Company is RMB629.9 million. These pledged assets primarily comprise certain buildings and land use rights.

As of June 30, 2026, the value of pledged deposits to secure draw bills payable of the Company is RMB3,397.7
million.


FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK AND HEDGING
A majority of our revenues and cost of sales is denominated in RMB. However, as we operate part of our business
in foreign jurisdictions, we are subject to risks associated with foreign currency exchange fluctuations. In response
to foreign exchange risks, we have established effective measures to eliminate potential risks. We use derivative
financial instruments, such as forward currency contracts, future contracts for the purchase of copper and foreign
currency swaps, to hedge our foreign currency risk and commodity price risk, respectively.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As of June 30, 2026, save as the information disclosed in Note 15 to the interim condensed consolidated financial
information in this interim report, the Group has no other significant contingent liabilities that are likely to have
a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As of June 30, 2026, the Group employed 15,246 employees (June 30, 2025: 15,637 employees). The total
remuneration cost incurred by the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2026 was RMB1,196.7 million, as
compared to RMB1,240.0 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025.




                                                                                                     Interim Report 2026   25
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     The Group understands that employees are valuable assets and ensures that the remuneration packages for its
     employees remain competitive. The Group always strives to provide employees with comprehensive social benefits,
     a safe work environment and a wide range of career development opportunities. Furthermore, the Group is
     committed to strictly complying with applicable laws, regulations and standards in different countries and regions
     related to workplace safety, providing a safe and healthy workplace for the employees and implementing an
     effective management system to help ensure employee safety and well-being. The Group is also committed to
     establishing a competitive and fair remuneration. In order to effectively motivate the staff, the Group continually
     refines remuneration and incentive policies. The remuneration package for our employees primarily comprises a
     base salary and performance-based incentives. We maintain a structured remuneration management framework
     to ensure fairness, consistency, and market competitiveness. Salary levels are determined with reference to
     the value of the position, the results of performance evaluations and prevailing market conditions. The Group
     conducts regular performance assessments to provide systematic feedback on employee performance and to
     support remuneration decisions.

     The Group reviews its remuneration policies on an ongoing basis and makes adjustments having regard to
     factors such as regional market differences, talent supply conditions, staff turnover, industry developments and
     the financial position of the Group.

     The Group makes contributions to mandatory social security funds or the mandatory provident fund scheme
     for employees to provide for retirement, medical, work-related injury, maternity, and unemployment benefits.

     The Group places great emphasis on talent cultivation and promotion. To accelerate employee growth, the Group
     has established a comprehensive training system around the different stages of employees’ needs, including new
     employee orientation, job skill training, and leadership development training. The Group continuously iterates our
     training system by benchmarking against excellent external experiences as well. At the same time, adhering to
     the principles of fairness, transparency, and integrity in hiring, the Group formulates career development plans
     for employees, provides dual-track promotions, including professional track and management track, and offers
     opportunities for internal job rotation.


     FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS
     As of June 30, 2026, the Group had no specific future plan for material investments and acquisition of capital
     assets. The Group will continue to identify new investment opportunities in companies with principal business
     related to the Group’s core business with a view to creating synergies with the Group’s existing core business
     and improving the Group’s service and products to its customers.


     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS, MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF
     SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES AND SIGNIFICANT
     INVESTMENTS HELD
     The Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures or
     significant investments held during the Reporting Period.




26   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
                                                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis




PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALES OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE
COMPANY
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed
securities (including any sale of treasury shares (as defined under the Listing Rules)) during the Reporting Period.

As of June 30, 2026, the Company did not hold any treasury shares (as defined under the Listing Rules).


USE OF NET PROCEEDS
The Shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on September 2, 2025 with
a total of 238,235,200 Shares issued at a price of HK$17.42 per Share. The net proceeds received by the
Company from the Global Offering were approximately HK$3,993.5 million after deducting underwriting fees
and commissions and relevant expenses payable by the Company in connection with the Global Offering, which
will be utilized for the purposes as set out in the Prospectus. Please refer to the section headed “Future Plans
and Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus for details of the intended use of proceeds. As of June 30, 2026, there
was no change in the intended use of net proceeds as previously disclosed in the section headed “Future Plans
and Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus.

As of June 30, 2026, approximately HK$2,026.7 million of the net proceeds had been utilized by the Group in
accordance with the intended purposes stated in the Prospectus. The balance of the proceeds from the Global
Offering will continue to be utilized in accordance with the purposes and proportions disclosed in the Prospectus.

Details of the use of proceeds and the expected timeline for utilization of the unutilized net proceeds are set
out below:

                                                            Unutilized amount       Actual amount Unutilized amount Expected timeline for
                                   Planned net proceeds                  as of utilized during the             as of utilization of unutilized
                                             utilization      January 1, 2026 Reporting Period        June 30, 2026              net proceeds


(i)   Worldwide research and          Approximately 20%       HK$584.4 million    HK$151.8 million    HK$432.6 million    Within next four years
      development                      (HK$798.7 million)
(ii) Upgrading our intelligent        Approximately 50%     HK$1,388.0 million    HK$331.4 million   HK$1,056.6 million   Within next four years
      manufacturing system and       (HK$1,996.8 million)
      supply chain management
(iii) Enhancing our sales and         Approximately 20%       HK$640.6 million    HK$163.0 million    HK$477.6 million    Within next four years
      distribution channels            (HK$798.7 million)
(iv) Working capital and general      Approximately 10%                     –                   –                    –                        –
      corporate purposes(2)            (HK$399.4 million)


Total                                 HK$3,993.5 million    HK$2,613.0 million    HK$646.2 million   HK$1,966.8 million


Notes:

(1)     The figures may not add up to total due to rounding.

(2)     As of December 31, 2025, the proceeds from the Global Offering allocated to working capital and general corporate
        purposes had been fully utilized for the following purposes: (i) salaries (approximately 72%); (ii) freight and miscellaneous
        expenses (approximately 8%); (iii) utilities fees; (iv) repair and maintenance expenses; (v) advertising expenses; (vi) inland
        haulage charges; (vii) promotion expenses; and (viii) others.
                                                                                                                             Interim Report 2026   27
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     INTERIM DIVIDEND
     The Board did not recommend the payment of any interim dividend for the six months ended June 30, 2026 (for
     the six months ended June 30, 2025: nil).


     SUBSEQUENT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
     Save as disclosed in this interim report, there were no other material subsequent events that may affect the Group
     since the end of the Reporting Period and up to the date of this interim report.




28   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
                                                                           Other Information

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Company is committed to achieving high standards of corporate governance with a view to safeguarding the
interests of the Shareholders. The principles of the Company’s corporate governance are to promote effective
internal control measures, to enhance transparency of the work of the Board, and to strengthen accountability
to all the Shareholders.

The Company has adopted the principles and code provisions set out in the CG Code contained in Appendix C1
to the Listing Rules as its corporate governance code of practices. The Board is of opinion that the Company has
complied with all code provisions set out under the CG Code during the Reporting Period.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE
The Company has adopted the Model Code as set forth in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the code for securities
transactions by the Directors. The Company has made specific enquiries with all Directors and all Directors have
confirmed that they complied with the Model Code during the Reporting Period.

The Company’s employees, who are likely to be in possession of inside information of the Group, have also been
subject to the Model Code for the securities transactions. No incident of non-compliance of the Model Code by
the Company’s employees was noted by the Group during the Reporting Period.


AUDIT COMMITTEE AND REVIEW OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The unaudited interim condensed consolidated results of the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2026 have
been reviewed by the Company’s external auditor, Ernst & Young, in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on
Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of
the Entity”, issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

The Company has established an Audit Committee in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules and the CG
Code. The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to review and supervise the financial reporting process,
risk management and internal control procedures of the Company. The Audit Committee consists of one non-
executive Director and two independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Xiang Wei (chairperson of the
Audit Committee), Ms. Li Jian and Dr. Jing Xian. Mr. Xiang Wei holds the appropriate professional qualifications
as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the Listing Rules.

The Audit Committee has reviewed the unaudited interim condensed consolidated results of the Group for the
six months ended June 30, 2026 and considered that the results complied with relevant accounting standards,
rules and regulations and appropriate disclosure have been duly made.




                                                                                                  Interim Report 2026   29
     Other Information




     CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION
     On February 6, 2026, each of Mr. ZHENG Jiang, Mr. HE Xiwan and Ms. LI Jian ceased to be a director of Ningbo
     AUX Electric Co., Ltd. (寧波奧克斯電氣有限公司) (“Ningbo AUX Electric”); each of Mr. XIANG Wei, Dr. JING
     Xian and Mr. TAO Shengwen ceased to be an independent director of Ningbo AUX Electric.

     On March 10, 2026, Mr. HE Xiwan ceased to be a director of AUX Air Conditioner Co., Ltd. (奧克斯空調股份有
     限公司).

     On June 5, 2026, Mr. TAO Shengwen retired as an independent non-executive Director upon conclusion of the
     AGM and ceased to be a member of each of the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee.

     On June 5, 2026, Ms. TANG Mei Shan has obtained the legal advice pursuant to Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules
     regarding the provisions under the Listing Rules applicable to her acting as a Director. Accordingly, Ms. TANG Mei
     Shan has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director and a member of each of the Nomination
     Committee and the Remuneration Committee.

     Save as disclosed above, during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this interim report, there was no
     change in the Board and the information of Directors which was required to be disclosed in accordance with
     Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.


     CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE LISTING
     RULES
     The Company does not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing
     Rules.


     INTEREST AND SHORT POSITION OF DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE
     IN SHARES
     As of June 30, 2026, the interests and/or short positions (as applicable) of the Directors and chief executive of the
     Company in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporation (within
     the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which shall be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant
     to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which have been taken or
     deemed to have been taken under such provisions of the SFO) or which is required, pursuant to Section 352 of
     the SFO, to be entered in the register maintained by the Company referred to therein, or which is required to
     be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code contained in the Listing Rules,
     were set out as follows:

     (i) Interest in our Company

                                                                                                          Approximate
                                                                                                         percentage of
                                                                                       Number of        interest in our
             Name                       Nature of interest                               Shares(1)          Company(1)


             Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang        Interest in controlled corporation(2)    1,300,921,250 (L)              81.91%




30   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
                                                                                                     Other Information



   Notes:

   (1)   The letter “L” denotes for long position in the Shares. The calculation is based on the total number of 1,588,235,200
         Shares in issue as of June 30, 2026.

   (2)   AUX Holdings directly holds 1,300,921,250 Shares as beneficial owner. As AUX Holdings is wholly owned by
         China Prosper, which is in turn owned as to 85.00% by Ze Hui. Ze Hui is wholly-owned by Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang.
         Therefore, Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by AUX Holdings by virtue of the
         SFO.

(ii) Interest in associated corporations of our Company

                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                                          percentage of
                             Name of associated                                          Number of         shareholding
    Name                     corporation        Nature of interest                          shares              interest


    Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang Ze Hui                          Beneficial owner                            1            100.00%
                        China Prosper                   Interests in controlled                 8,500             85.00%
                                                          corporation(1)
                             AUX Holdings               Interests in controlled            2,000,000             100.00%
                                                          corporation(2)
    Mr. ZHENG Jiang          China Prosper              Interests in controlled                 1,000             10.00%
                                                          corporation(1)
    Mr. HE Xiwan             China Prosper              Interests in controlled                   500               5.00%
                                                          corporation(1)

   Notes:

   (1)   China Prosper was owned as to: (i) 85.00% by Ze Hui, a BVI company wholly owned by Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang,
         (ii)10.00% by Ze Hong, a BVI company wholly owned by Mr. ZHENG Jiang; and (iii) 5.00% by Ze Long, a BVI
         company wholly owned by Mr. HE Xiwan.

   (2)   AUX Holdings was wholly owned by China Prosper.

   Save as disclosed above, as of June 30, 2026, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company
   has or is deemed to have any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of
   the Company or any of its associated corporations which will be required to be notified to the Company
   and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short
   positions which they were taken or deemed to have taken under such provisions of the SFO); or which will
   be required to be recorded in the register to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or
   which will be required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.




                                                                                                            Interim Report 2026   31
     Other Information




     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
     SHARES
     As of June 30, 2026, so far as the Directors are aware, other than the Directors and chief executive of the
     Company, the following person/entities had or were taken or deemed to have interests and/or short positions
     (as applicable) in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company that fall to be disclosed to the
     Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, and as
     recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                                               percentage of
                                                                                             Number of        interest in our
      Name                          Nature of interest                                         Shares(1)          Company(1)


      AUX Holdings(2)               Beneficial owner                                  1,300,921,250 (L)                81.91%
      China Prosper(2)              Interest in controlled corporation                1,300,921,250 (L)                81.91%
      Ze Hui(2)                     Interest in controlled corporation                1,300,921,250 (L)                81.91%
      Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang(2)        Interest in controlled corporation                1,300,921,250 (L)                81.91%

     Notes:

     (1)   The letter “L” denotes for long position in the Shares. The calculation is based on the total number of 1,588,235,200
           Shares in issue as of June 30, 2026.

     (2)   AUX Holdings is an exempted company with limited liability incorporated in the Cayman Islands wholly owned by China
           Prosper. China Prosper is a business company with limited liability incorporated in the BVI held as to 85% by Ze Hui, a
           business company with limited liability incorporated in the BVI wholly owned by Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang. Therefore, each
           of Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang, China Prosper and Ze Hui is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by AUX Holdings.

     Save as disclosed above, as of June 30, 2026, the Directors were not aware of any other person (other than the
     Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the Shares, underlying
     Shares or debentures of the Company which would be required to be notified to the Company and the Stock
     Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO; or as recorded in the register required
     to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.




32   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
                                                          Independent Review Report

                                   Ernst & Young             安永會計師事務所                    Tel 電話: +852 2846 9888
                                   27/F, One Taikoo Place    香港鰂魚涌英皇道979號                Fax 傳真: +852 2868 4432
                                   979 King’s Road           太古坊一座27樓                    ey.com
                                   Quarry Bay, Hong Kong




Independent review report
To the board of directors of Aux Electric Co., Ltd.
(Incorporated in Cayman Islands with limited liability)


INTRODUCTION
We have reviewed the interim condensed financial information set out on pages 34 to 59, which comprises
the condensed consolidated statement of financial position of Aux Electric Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its
subsidiaries (the “Group”) as at June 30, 2026 and the related condensed consolidated statements of profit or
loss and other comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the six months then ended, and
explanatory notes (the “Interim Financial Information”). The directors of the Company are responsible for the
preparation and presentation of this Interim Financial Information in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting
Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting (“HKAS 34”) as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on this Interim Financial Information based
on our review. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement,
and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for
the contents of this report.


SCOPE OF REVIEW
We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 Review of
Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity as issued by the HKICPA. A
review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial
and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in
scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not
enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in
an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.


CONCLUSION
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the Interim Financial
Information is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with HKAS 34.




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
August 28, 2026




                                                                                                    Interim Report 2026   33
     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
     For the six months ended June 30, 2026



                                                                      For the six months ended June 30,
                                                                                  2026             2025
                                                                          (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)
                                                              Notes          RMB’000            RMB’000


     REVENUE                                                   5           17,503,668         20,085,079
     Cost of sales                                                        (14,334,001)       (16,162,199)


     Gross profit                                                           3,169,667         3,922,880

     Other income and gains                                                   275,236            292,171
     Selling and distribution expenses                                       (756,969)          (806,575)
     Administrative expenses                                                 (509,302)          (542,078)
     Research and development expenses                                       (368,417)          (312,115)
     Other expenses                                                          (363,495)           (57,093)
     Impairment loss on financial assets, net                                 (52,153)           (96,389)
     Finance costs                                                            (17,008)           (35,486)


     PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                         6            1,377,559         2,365,315

     Income tax expense                                        7             (269,611)          (492,568)


     PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                                  1,107,948         1,872,747

     OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to
       profit or loss in subsequent periods:
     Receivables at fair value through other
       comprehensive income:
       Changes in fair value                                                    2,152            (4,778)
       Reclassification adjustments for impairment income                          79            16,657
       Income tax effect                                                       (1,034)           (2,229)


                                                                                1,197              9,650

     Cash flow hedges:
       Effective portion of changes in fair value of
         hedging instruments arising during the period                         32,715            24,606
       Income tax effect                                                       62,474            (7,197)


                                                                               95,189            17,409




34   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                    For the six months ended June 30, 2026



                                                                   For the six months ended June 30,
                                                                               2026             2025
                                                                        (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)
                                                            Note           RMB’000           RMB’000


Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                   (28,822)                12,591


Net other comprehensive income that may be reclassified
  to profit or loss in subsequent periods                                    67,564                 39,650


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD, NET
 OF TAX                                                                      67,564                 39,650


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD                                 1,175,512             1,912,397


Profit attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                    1,107,948             1,872,747


Total comprehensive income attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                    1,175,512             1,912,397


EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY
  EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
  Basic and diluted                                         9              RMB0.70                RMB1.39




                                                                                           Interim Report 2026   35
     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     June 30, 2026



                                                                         June 30,   December 31,
                                                                            2026           2025
                                                                      (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                                              Notes      RMB’000        RMB’000


     NON-CURRENT ASSETS
     Property, plant and equipment                             10       6,294,508      5,854,768
     Investment property                                                  294,364        305,366
     Right-of-use assets                                       11       1,541,865      1,574,706
     Intangible assets                                                    274,471        297,024
     Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss
       (“FVTPL”)                                                          50,000               –
     Pledged deposits                                                    645,615         800,346
     Deferred tax assets                                                 629,852         469,257
     Prepayments                                                         170,754         145,782


     Total non-current assets                                           9,901,429      9,447,249


     CURRENT ASSETS
     Inventories                                                        5,156,533      6,430,878
     Trade and bills receivables                               12       5,469,883      2,997,031
     Receivables at fair value through other comprehensive
       income                                                           1,197,124        561,322
     Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                        1,422,302      1,512,309
     Tax recoverable                                                       85,088         90,910
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss     14       1,260,000      1,400,000
     Derivative financial instruments                                      23,323        272,887
     Pledged deposits                                                   2,752,053      1,827,325
     Cash and bank balances                                             7,736,589      6,879,199
     Amounts due from related parties                          17              57            176


     Total current assets                                              25,102,952     21,972,037


     CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Trade and bills payables                                  13      13,048,266      9,632,954
     Other payables and accruals                                        6,539,874      4,436,523
     Contract liabilities                                               1,730,853      4,181,897
     Derivative financial instruments                                      26,065          2,646
     Interest-bearing bank borrowings                                   1,875,000        860,000
     Lease liabilities                                                     12,662         16,008
     Income tax payable                                                   289,490        126,532
     Deferred income                                                       45,509         62,502
     Provision                                                            170,304        162,051
     Amounts due to related parties                            17         213,372        138,810


     Total current liabilities                                         23,951,395     19,619,923



36   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
                                   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                      June 30, 2026



                                                                        June 30,     December 31,
                                                                           2026             2025
                                                                     (Unaudited)         (Audited)
                                                        Notes           RMB’000          RMB’000


NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                     1,151,557         2,352,114



TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                 11,052,986       11,799,363



NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Interest-bearing bank borrowings                                         658,480            602,846
Lease liabilities                                                         78,379             83,662
Deferred tax liabilities                                                  37,507             34,561
Other payables                                                            27,260             65,697
Deferred income                                                          689,837            654,643
Provision                                                                388,030            399,567


Total non-current liabilities                                          1,879,493         1,840,976


Net assets                                                             9,173,493         9,958,387


EQUITY
Share capital                                                                 57                57
Reserves                                                               9,173,436         9,958,330


Total equity                                                           9,173,493         9,958,387




                Mr. Zheng Jianjiang                                Mr. Xin Ning
                      Director                                       Director




                                                                                    Interim Report 2026   37
     Interim Condensed Statement of Changes in Equity
     For the six months ended June 30, 2026


     Six months ended June 30, 2026 (unaudited)

                                                                                               Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                                                          Financial
                                                                                                                             Exchange        assets   Cash flow
                                                               Share      Capital    Merger     Reserve Share award        fluctuation revaluation       hedge      Retained         Total
                                                              Capital   reserve*    reserve*     funds*     reserve*          reserve*    reserve*     reserve*      profits*       equity
                                                             RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000            RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000


     At January 1, 2026                                           57    3,861,466   815,144     682,455        106,395        (12,596)        2,457     185,512    4,317,497     9,958,387
     Profit for the period                                         –            –         –           –              –               –            –           –    1,107,948     1,107,948
     Other comprehensive income for the period:
        Changes in fair value of receivables at fair value
           through other comprehensive income, net of tax           –           –          –           –              –               –       1,197           –            –         1,197
        Cash flow hedges                                            –           –          –           –              –               –           –      95,189            –        95,189
        Exchange differences on translation of foreign
           operations                                               –           –          –           –              –       (28,822)            –           –            –       (28,822)


     Total comprehensive income for the period                      –           –          –           –              –       (28,822)        1,197      95,189     1,107,948     1,175,512
     Dividend declared to owners of the Company                     –           –          –           –              –              –            –           –   (1,683,529)   (1,683,529)
     Transfer of cash flow hedge reserve to inventories             –           –          –           –              –              –            –   (282,610)             –     (282,610)
     Equity-settled share-based payment                             –           –          –           –          5,733              –            –           –             –         5,733


     At June 30, 2026 (unaudited)                                 57    3,861,466   815,144     682,455        112,128        (41,418)        3,654     (1,909)    3,741,916     9,173,493




38   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
                                                                                    Interim Condensed Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                          For the six months ended June 30, 2026


Six months ended June 30, 2025 (unaudited)

                                                                                          Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                                                     Financial
                                                                                                                        Exchange        assets   Cash flow
                                                          Share      Capital    Merger     Reserve Share award        fluctuation revaluation       hedge     Retained       Total
                                                         Capital   reserve*    reserve*     funds*     reserve*          reserve*    reserve*     reserve*     profits*     equity
                                                        RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000            RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000


At January 1, 2025                                           48     177,809    815,144     547,763         94,044          1,130         4,157    (21,595)    2,217,206   3,835,706
Profit for the period                                         –           –          –           –              –              –             –           –    1,872,747   1,872,747
Other comprehensive income for the period:
   Changes in fair value of receivables at fair value
      through other comprehensive income, net of tax           –          –           –           –              –               –       9,650           –            –      9,650
   Cash flow hedges                                            –          –           –           –              –               –           –      17,409            –     17,409
   Exchange differences on translation of foreign
      operations                                               –          –           –           –              –        12,591             –           –            –     12,591


Total comprehensive income for the period                      –          –           –           –              –        12,591         9,650      17,409    1,872,747   1,912,397
Transfer of cash flow hedge reserve to inventories             –          –           –           –              –             –             –       4,186            –       4,186
Equity-settled share-based payment                             –          –           –           –          5,674             –             –           –            –       5,674


At June 30, 2025 (unaudited)                                 48     177,809    815,144     547,763         99,718         13,721        13,807           –    4,089,953   5,757,963


*          These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB9,173,436 as at June 30, 2026 (unaudited) in the
           interim condensed consolidated statement of financial position.




                                                                                                                                                             Interim Report 2026      39
     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     For the six months ended June 30, 2026



                                                                            For the six months ended June 30,
                                                                                        2026            2025
                                                                                 (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                    Notes          RMB’000          RMB’000


     CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
     Profit before tax                                                            1,377,559        2,365,315
     Adjustments for:
       Interest income                                               6             (110,669)         (47,465)
       Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through
          profit or loss                                                             (4,151)          (2,720)
       Impairment loss on financial assets, net                      6               52,153           96,389
       Losses on disposal of items of property, plant and            6
          equipment and intangible assets                                            3,803               918
       Finance costs                                                 6              17,008            35,486
       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                 6             277,229           238,762
       Depreciation of investment property                           6              11,002            12,553
       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                           6              33,021            34,394
       Amortization of intangible assets                             6              28,931            28,340
       Assets-related government grants released                                   (23,798)          (30,804)
       Exchange losses/(gains), net                                                474,943           (31,784)
       Changes on derivative financial instruments                                  23,089          (186,547)
       Equity-settled share-based payment expenses                                   5,733             5,674


                                                                                  2,165,853        2,518,511

     Decrease in inventories                                                      1,274,345        2,356,213
     Increase in trade and bills receivables                                     (2,519,773)      (3,257,321)
     Increase in receivables at fair value through other
       comprehensive income                                                        (633,378)        (874,740)
     Decrease in prepayments, deposits and other receivables                         84,112          241,517
     Increase in pledged deposits                                                  (769,997)        (677,106)
     Increase in trade and bills payables                                         3,415,312        1,364,488
     Decrease in contract liabilities                                            (2,451,044)        (333,241)
     Increase in other payables and accruals                                        546,224          575,418
     Decrease/(Increase) in warranty provision                                       (3,284)          18,436
     Increase in amounts due from related parties                                       119             (658)
     Increase in amounts due to related parties                                      74,562           53,913


     Cash flows generated from operations                                         1,183,051        1,985,430

     Income tax paid                                                               (196,570)        (550,548)
     Interest received                                                              106,110           47,437


     Net cash flows generated from operating activities                           1,092,591        1,482,319




40   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
                                             Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                             For the six months ended June 30, 2026



                                                                             For the six months ended June 30,
                                                                                         2026            2025
                                                                                  (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                     Notes          RMB’000          RMB’000


CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Interest received                                                                       4,559                    28
Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                                  (895,717)             (210,504)
Purchases of intangible assets                                                        (49,727)              (11,912)
Additions to investment property                                                            –                  (416)
Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                        1,685                    73
Purchase of leasehold land                                                                  –              (410,745)
Receipt of government grants for
property, plant and equipment                                                          41,999              135,103
Purchases of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                 (5,478,000)          (4,600,000)
Disposals of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  5,572,151            3,802,720
Placement of time deposits                                                           (150,000)            (716,557)
Withdrawal of time deposits                                                         1,826,432               11,791


Net cash flow generated from/(used in) investing activities                           873,382           (2,000,419)


CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
New bank loans                                                                      2,370,642            2,174,095
Repayment of bank loans                                                            (1,300,008)          (1,443,400)
Interest paid                                                                         (17,008)             (35,486)
Principle portion of lease payments                                                    (8,695)             (16,629)
Listing expense paid                                                                        –               (2,340)


Net cash flows generated from financing activities                                  1,044,931               676,240


NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                           3,010,904              158,140
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                                    5,052,767            2,907,756
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                         (477,082)              35,263


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE PERIOD                                      7,586,589            3,101,159


ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and bank balances as stated in interim condensed
  consolidated statement of financial position                                      7,736,589            3,805,925
Less: short-term bank deposits with original maturities of
  over three months and due within one year                                          (150,000)             (704,766)


Cash and cash equivalents as stated in interim condensed
  consolidated statement of cash flows                                              7,586,589            3,101,159




                                                                                                    Interim Report 2026   41
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     For the six months ended June 30, 2026


     1. GENERAL INFORMATION
           Aux Electric Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with
           limited liability on October 23, 2024. The registered address of the Company is PO Box 309, Ugland House,
           Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands. The shares of the Company had been listed on the Main Board
           of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) with effect from September 2, 2025.

           During the current period, the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) were principally
           engaged in manufacturing and sales of household air-conditioners and central air-conditioners in Chinese
           mainland and other countries/jurisdictions.


     2. BASIS OF PREPARATION
           The interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended June 30, 2026 has been
           prepared in accordance with HKAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting.

           The condensed consolidated financial statements do not include all the information and disclosures required
           in the annual financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s annual financial
           statements for the year ended December 31, 2025.

           The interim condensed consolidated financial information is presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also
           the functional currency of the Company and most of its subsidiaries, and all values are rounded to the
           nearest thousand (“RMB’000”) except when otherwise indicated.


     3. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
           The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial
           information are consistent with those applied in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated financial
           statements for the year ended December 31, 2025, except for the adoption of the following amended HKFRS
           Accounting Standards for the first time for the current period’s financial information.

             Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                      Amendments to the Classification and
                                                                      Measurement of Financial Instruments
             Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                      Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent
                                                                      Electricity
             Annual Improvements to HKFRS – Accounting              Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9,
               Standards Volume 11                                    HKFRS 10 and HKAS 7




42   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
                                   Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                          For the six months ended June 30, 2026



3. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   The nature and impact of the amended HKFRS Accounting Standards are described below:

   (a)   Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial
         Instruments clarify that a financial asset is derecognised when the entity’s rights to the contractual
         cash flows expire or are transferred, while a financial liability is derecognised on the settlement date.
         The amendments introduce an accounting policy option to derecognise a financial liability that is
         settled through an electronic payment system before the settlement date if specified criteria are met.
         The amendments clarify how to assess the contractual cash flow characteristics of financial assets
         with environmental, social and governance and other similar contingent features. Moreover, the
         amendments clarify the requirements for classifying financial assets with non-recourse features and
         contractually linked instruments. The amendments also include additional disclosures for investments
         in equity instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial
         instruments with contingent features. Since the Group’s accounting policy for the derecognition
         of financial assets and liabilities in prior years aligned with the amendments and the Group did not
         have the financial assets that were addressed by the amendments, the amendments did not have any
         impact on the interim condensed consolidated financial information. As the Group did not have equity
         investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income that are in the scope of
         the amendments, the amendments did not have any impact on the interim condensed consolidated
         financial information.

   (b)   Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity clarify
         the application of the “own-use” requirements for in-scope contracts and amend the designation
         requirements for a hedged item in a cash flow hedging relationship for in-scope contracts. The
         amendments also include additional disclosures that enable users of financial statements to understand
         the effects these contracts have on an entity’s financial performance and future cash flows. As the
         Group did not have any contracts that are in the scope of the amendments, the amendments did not
         have any impact on the interim condensed consolidated financial information.

   (c)   Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11 set out narrow scope amendments
         to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7 (and the accompanying Guidance on implementing HKFRS 7), HKFRS 9, HKFRS
         10 and HKAS 7. The amendments include clarifications, simplifications, corrections or changes to
         improve consistency in the corresponding HKFRS Accounting Standards. The amendments did not
         have any impact on the interim condensed consolidated financial information.


4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
   Description of segments and principal activities

   For management purposes, the Group is mainly engaged in manufacturing and sales of household air-
   conditioners and central air-conditioners in the Chinese mainland and other countries/jurisdictions, which is
   regarded as a single reportable segment in a manner consistent with the way in which information is reported
   internally to the Group’s management for purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment.
   Therefore, no further operating segment analysis thereof is presented.




                                                                                                  Interim Report 2026   43
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     For the six months ended June 30, 2026



     4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
           Description of segments and principal activities (continued)

           Geographical information

           (a)    Revenue from external customers

                                                                               For the six months ended June 30,
                                                                                           2026             2025
                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                    (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)


                  Chinese mainland                                                    8,870,390             9,246,162
                  Asia (except for Chinese mainland)                                  4,923,007             6,063,792
                  European Union                                                      1,479,326             2,210,038
                  North America                                                       1,082,764             1,105,502
                  South America                                                         769,626               938,515
                  Other countries/ jurisdictions                                        378,555               521,070


                  Total revenue                                                      17,503,668           20,085,079


                  The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers.

           (b)    Non-current assets

                                                                                As at June 30,    As at December 31,
                                                                                         2026                  2025
                                                                                     RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                  (Unaudited)


                  Chinese mainland                                                   8,297,005              7,855,230
                  Other countries/ jurisdictions                                       278,957                322,416


                  Total non-current assets                                           8,575,962              8,177,646


                  The non-current asset information above is based on the locations of the assets and excludes financial
                  instruments and deferred tax assets.




44   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
                                      Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                For the six months ended June 30, 2026



5. REVENUE
  An analysis of revenue is as follows:

                                                                               For the six months ended June 30,
                                                                                           2026            2025
                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                   (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


  Revenue from contracts with customers                                              17,482,452          20,062,276
  Revenue from other sources
    Gross rental income from operating leases                                             21,216               22,803


  Total                                                                              17,503,668          20,085,079


  Disaggregated revenue information for Revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                               For the six months ended June 30,
                                                                                           2026            2025
                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                    (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)


  Type of goods or services
  Sale of household air conditioners                                                 14,859,693          17,525,173
  Sale of central air conditioners                                                    1,746,623           1,897,873
  Installation services of household air-conditioners                                   500,823             389,423
  Installation services of central air-conditioners                                      29,824              23,851
  Others*                                                                               345,489             225,956


  Total                                                                              17,482,452          20,062,276


  Timing of revenue recognition
  Revenue recognized at a point in time:
  Sale of household air conditioners                                                 14,859,693          17,525,173
  Sale of central air conditioners                                                    1,746,623           1,897,873
  Installation services of household air-conditioners                                   500,823             389,423
  Installation services of central air-conditioners                                      29,824              23,851
  Others – sales of scrap and raw materials                                             166,277             192,634
  Revenue recognized over time:
  Others                                                                                 179,212               33,322


  Total                                                                              17,482,452          20,062,276


  *       Others mainly consist of the Group’s sales of scrap and raw materials and royalty income.

  The revenue in the first half may be higher than that in the second half for every year, it is mainly due to the
  customers in overseas have higher demand from January to April and then it comes to warmer months in
  China so that distributors in China need to purchase air conditioners earlier than the peak summer months.
                                                                                                       Interim Report 2026   45
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     For the six months ended June 30, 2026



     6. PROFIT BEFORE TAX
           The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                       For the six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                   2026            2025
                                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)


           Cost of inventories sold                                                          12,365,998           13,825,355
           Cost of services provided                                                            530,647              388,274
           Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                        277,229              238,762
           Depreciation of investment property                                                   11,002               12,553
           Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                   33,021               34,394
           Amortization of software*                                                              9,459                8,868
           Amortization of patent*                                                               19,472               19,472
           Research and development costs                                                       368,417              312,115
           Lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities                   73,367               60,432
           Auditor’s remuneration                                                                 1,036                  691
           Listing expenses                                                                           –               14,825
           Employee benefit expenses (excluding directors’ and chief
              executive’s remuneration):
           Wages and salaries                                                                   922,945               990,246
           Pension scheme contributions and social welfare                                      268,514               305,655
           Equity-settled share-based payment expenses                                            5,269                 3,624


           Total                                                                              1,196,728             1,299,525


           Direct operating expenses (including repairs and maintenance)
             arising from rental-earning investment property                                        394                 1,894
           Foreign exchange differences, net                                                    342,064                 6,009
           Fair value gains of derivative financial instruments                                  (3,781)              (33,480)
           Impairment loss of financial assets, net:
           Impairment loss of trade receivables, net                                              46,921               78,520
           (Reversal of impairment loss)/Impairment loss of receivables at
             fair value through other comprehensive income                                          (663)              16,657
           Impairment loss of financial assets included in prepayments,
             deposits and other receivables                                                        5,895                 1,212


           Total                                                                                  52,153               96,389


           Write-down of inventories to net realizable value                                      8,395                22,271
           Interest income                                                                     (110,669)              (47,465)
           Losses on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment
             and intangible assets                                                                 3,803                   918

           *       The amortization of software and patent for the period are included in “Administrative expenses” and “Research
                   and development expenses”, respectively, in the condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
                   comprehensive income.


46   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
                                  Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                         For the six months ended June 30, 2026



7. INCOME TAX
  The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profit arising in or derived from the countries or
  jurisdictions in which members of the Group are domiciled and operate.

  Chinese Mainland

  Under the law of the PRC on corporate income tax (the “CIT Law”) and the implementation regulation of
  the CIT Law, the CIT rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% unless they are subject to preferential tax as set
  out below.

  In 2021, Ningbo Aux Electric Co., Ltd. was accredited as a “High and New Technology Enterprise” (“HNTE”)
  and was entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for a period of three years from December 2021
  to December 2024. This subsidiary subsequently renewed its HNTE qualification in 2024 and was entitled
  to the preferential tax rate of 15% from December 2024 to December 2027.

  The State Taxation Administration of the PRC (“STA”) announced in March 2021 that manufacturing
  enterprises engaging in research and development activities would be entitled to claim 200% of their
  research and development expenses as an additional tax deduction since January 1, 2021. The STA further
  announced in March 2023 that eligible enterprises would be entitled to claim 200% of their research
  and development expenses as an additional tax deduction since January 1, 2023. The Group has made its
  best estimate for the additional tax deduction to be claimed for the Group’s entities in ascertaining their
  assessable profits during the reporting period.

  Cayman Islands and British Virgin Islands

  Under the current laws of the Cayman Islands and British Virgin Islands, the Company and its subsidiaries
  incorporated in the British Virgin Islands are not subject to tax on income or capital gains during the
  reporting period.

  Hong Kong

  Hong Kong profits tax is calculated at 16.5% on the estimated assessable profits arising in Hong Kong for
  the reporting period, except for a subsidiary incorporated in Hong Kong which is a qualifying entity under the
  two-tiered profits tax rates regime. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first HK$2,000,000 of
  assessable profits of the qualifying entity are taxed at 8.25% and the remaining profits are taxed at 16.5%.

  Thailand

  Under the current laws of Thailand, the Company’s subsidiaries incorporated in Thailand are not subject to
  tax on income or capital gains during the reporting period.

  Singapore

  Under the current laws of Singapore, Singapore profits tax is calculated at 17% on the estimated assessable
  profits arising in Singapore for the reporting period.




                                                                                                Interim Report 2026   47
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     For the six months ended June 30, 2026



     7. INCOME TAX (continued)
           Corporate income tax in other jurisdictions

           Income tax on profit arising from other jurisdictions, including Japan, Malaysia, USA, UAE and KSA is
           calculated on the estimated assessable profit for the period at the respective rates prevailing in the relevant
           jurisdictions.

           The income tax expense of the Group is analyzed as follows:

                                                                                 For the six months ended June 30,
                                                                                             2026            2025
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)


           Current income tax:
             Charge for the period                                                         364,422             521,711
             Underprovision in respect of prior periods                                         29              15,902
           Deferred income tax                                                             (94,840)            (45,045)


           Total                                                                           269,611             492,568


     8. DIVIDENDS
           During the Period, a final dividend of HKD1.22 (equivalent to RMB1.06) per share in respect of the year
           ended December 31, 2025 was declared to the owners of the Company. The aggregate amount of the
           final dividend declared in the Period was HKD 1,934,880,238 (equivalent to RMB1,683,529,312). The final
           dividend in respect of the year ended December 31, 2025 has been paid in August 2026.

           The directors of the Company did not recommend the declaration of any interim dividend for the six months
           ended June 30, 2026 (six months ended June 30, 2025: Nil).


     9. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS
        OF THE PARENT
           The calculation of the basic earnings per share amounts is based on the profit for the period attributable
           to ordinary equity holders of the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
           during the period, as adjusted to reflect the rights issue during the period.

           No adjustment has been made to the basic earnings per share amounts presented in respect of a dilution
           as the Group had no potentially dilutive ordinary shares in issue during the six months ended June 30,
           2026 and 2025.




48   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
                                   Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                       For the six months ended June 30, 2026



9. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS
   OF THE PARENT (continued)
   The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

                                                                             Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                    2026            2025
                                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                              (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)


   Earnings
   Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent:               1,107,948          1,872,747


   Shares
   Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the
     period                                                                 1,588,235,200     1,350,000,000


10. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
   During the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group acquired assets at a cost of RMB310,198,000 (June
   30, 2025: RMB359,200,000).

   Assets (other than those classified as held for sale) with a net book value of RMB5,488,000 were disposed
   by the Group during the six months ended June 30, 2026 (June 30, 2025: RMB1,130,000), resulting in a
   net loss on disposal of RMB3,803,000 (June 30, 2025: RMB1,057,000).


11. LEASES
   During the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group acquired leasehold land at a cost of RMB: Nil (June
   30, 2025: RMB410,745,000) which had been paid upfront during the current period, and additions to right-
   of-use assets related to leased buildings of RMB680,000 (June 30, 2025: RMB19,054,000).


12. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES
                                                                      As at June 30,      As at December 31,
                                                                               2026                    2025
                                                                           RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                        (Unaudited)


   Trade receivables                                                         4,500,917            2,331,100
   Impairment                                                                 (165,292)            (125,703)


   Trade receivables, net                                                    4,335,625            2,205,397
   Bills receivable                                                          1,134,258              791,634


   Trade and bills receivables                                               5,469,883            2,997,031



                                                                                               Interim Report 2026   49
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     For the six months ended June 30, 2026



     12. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (continued)
           An ageing analysis of the Group’s trade receivables, based on the revenue recognition date and net of loss
           allowance, is as follows:

                                                                               As at June 30,    As at December 31,
                                                                                        2026                  2025
                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)


           Within 3 months                                                          3,893,641             1,624,501
           3 to 6 months                                                              268,000               284,520
           6 to 12 months                                                             170,861               294,845
           1 to 2 years                                                                 3,123                 1,531


           Total                                                                    4,335,625             2,205,397


     13. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES
           Bills payable are aged within six months. An ageing analysis of the trade payables, based on the invoice
           date, is as follows:

                                                                               As at June 30,    As at December 31,
                                                                                        2026                  2025
                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)


           Within 3 months                                                          7,678,875             5,023,639
           3 to 6 months                                                               80,422                79,666
           6 to 12 months                                                               7,986                58,277
           1 to 2 years                                                                 2,767                 9,797
           2 to 3 years                                                                 2,178                 2,118
           Over 3 years                                                                 5,124                 7,998


           Total                                                                    7,777,352             5,181,495


     14. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
           The balance as at June 30, 2026 represents wealth management products issued by commercial banks in
           Chinese mainland, which were accounted for as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss as their
           contractual cash flows are not solely payments of principal and interest. As at June 30, 2026, the balance
           of wealth management products issued by any single commercial bank did not exceed 5% of the Group’s
           total assets.




50   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
                                    Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                            For the six months ended June 30, 2026



15. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
   On December 8, 2022, a company (the “Plaintiff”) filed a claim against Ningbo Aosheng Trading Co., Ltd. (an
   entity controlled by Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang), AUX Air Conditioner Co., Ltd. (a subsidiary of the Company) and
   five individuals, two of whom are the Group’s current employees and three of whom are the Group’s former
   employees, alleging infringement of the Plaintiff’s business secrets and technical secrets related to eight
   patents. The Plaintiff’s claims include (i) demanding that the defendants immediately cease infringing on the
   Plaintiff’s trade secrets and transfer the eight involved patents to the Plaintiff; and (ii) seeking compensation
   from the defendants for economic losses and reasonable rights protection costs totaling RMB99.0 million.

   In April 2025, the Group received the first-instance decision from the court, which decided, among others,
   that (i) Ningbo Aosheng Trading Co., Ltd. and two of the individual defendants shall compensate the Plaintiff
   for its economic losses and reasonable expenses in the amount of RMB3.5 million, and (ii) the Group shall
   transfer the eight involved patents, which were not used in the production activities of the Group and were
   not capitalized in the consolidated statement of financial position of the Group, to the Plaintiff.

   Ningbo Aosheng Trading Co., Ltd. has filed an appeal against the decision and the second-instance hearing
   was held in January 2026. As of the date of this report, the court in the PRC has conducted a trial of the
   case, but has not yet given a judgment.

   The directors of the Company, based on the aforementioned decision, believe it is not probable that an
   outflow of resources will be required. Accordingly, the Group has not provided for any claim arising from
   the litigation, other than the related legal and other costs.


16. COMMITMENTS
   The Group had the following contractual commitments at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                  June 30,         December 31,
                                                                                     2026                 2025
                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                               (Unaudited)


   Buildings                                                                      1,585,120            1,814,702
   Machinery                                                                        110,429              309,884


   Total                                                                          1,695,549            2,124,586




                                                                                                    Interim Report 2026   51
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     For the six months ended June 30, 2026



     17. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
           (a)    Names of and relationships with related parties:

                  The directors of the Company are of the view that the following parties were significant related parties
                  of the Group that had transactions or balances with the Group during the reporting period.

                  Name of the related party                               Relationship with the Group


                  Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang                                     Director and controlling shareholder of
                                                                            the Company
                  Mr. ZHENG Jiang                                         Director of the Company
                  Mr. HE Xiwan                                            Director of the Company
                  AUX Holdings                                            Immediate parent company
                  China Prosper Enterprise Holding Co., Ltd.              Intermediate parent company
                    (“China Prosper”)
                  AUX Group                                               Entity controlled by Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang
                  Ningbo Mingzhou Hospital Co., Ltd.*                     Entity controlled by Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang
                    寧波明州醫院有限公司
                  Hangzhou Aux Real Estate Co., Ltd.*                     Entity controlled by Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang
                    杭州奧克斯置業有限公司
                  Ningbo Yinzhou Mingao Pharmacy Co., Ltd.*               Entity controlled by Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang
                    寧波市鄞州明奧大藥房有限公司
                  Ningbo Mingzhou Puhua Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.*         Entity controlled by Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang
                    寧波明州普華醫藥有限公司
                  Ningbo Aux Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd.*            Entity controlled by Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang
                    寧波奧克斯智能科技股份有限公司
                  Ningbo Mingzhou Medical Group Co., Ltd.*                Entity controlled by Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang
                    寧波明州醫療集團有限公司
                  Ningbo Aux Real Estate Co., Ltd.*                       Entity controlled by Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang
                    寧波奧克斯置業有限公司
                  Ningbo Sanxing Medical Electric Co., Ltd.*              Entity controlled by Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang
                    寧波三星醫療電氣股份有限公司
                  Shu Yi Property Services Limited Co., Ltd.*             Entity controlled by Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang
                    曙一物業服務有限公司




52   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
                                  Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                        For the six months ended June 30, 2026



17. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (a)   Names of and relationships with related parties: (continued)


         Name of the related party                            Relationship with the Group


         Ningbo ShuYi Business Service Co., Ltd.*          Entity controlled by Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang
            寧波曙一商務服務有限公司
         Ningbo Zezhong                                    Entity controlled by Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang
         Ningbo Fengtong Investment Co., Ltd.*             Entity controlled by Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang
            寧波豐通投資有限公司
         Ningbo Shengyao Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.* Entity controlled by Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang
            寧波聖耀企業管理有限公司
         Ningbo Aoneng Electric Co., Ltd*                  Entity controlled by Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang
            寧波奧能電氣有限公司
         Jiangxi Longzhicheng Industry Co., Ltd.*          Entity controlled by relatives of Mr. He
            江西省龍之丞實業有限公司 (“Longzhicheng”)                    Xiwan
         Anhui Jiahuikai Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd.* Entity controlled by relatives of Mr. ZHENG
            安徽嘉匯凱智能科技股份有限公司 (“Jiahuikai”)                    Jianjiang
         Ningbo Wenbang Electronics Co., Ltd.*             Entity controlled by relatives of Mr. ZHENG
            寧波文邦電子有限公司 (“Wenbang”)                           Jianjiang
         Ningbo Dewei Electric Appliance Co., Ltd.*        A relative of Mr. ZHENG Jiang hold 20% of
            寧波德偉電器有限公司 (“Dewei”)                             the equity interest in this entity
         Ningbo Furno HVAC Engineering Co., Ltd.*          A relative of Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang hold 50%
            寧波富諾暖通工程有限公司 (“Furno HVAC”)                      of the equity interest in this entity
         Ningbo Yinzhou Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd.*   Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang serves as a director in
            寧波鄞州農村商業銀行股份有限公司                                 this entity
             (“Yinzhou Rural Commercial Bank”)
         Ningbo Haishu Longguan Kunyuan Plastic Packaging Business operated by a relative of Mr. HE
            Factory*                                         Xiwan
            寧波市海曙龍觀坤源塑料包裝廠 (“Kunyuan”)




                                                                                               Interim Report 2026   53
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     For the six months ended June 30, 2026



     17. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
           (b)    Transactions with related parties:

                                                                                 For the six months ended June 30,
                                                                                             2026            2025
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                        Note         (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


                  Purchases of goods and services:
                  Longzhicheng                                                             61,734              72,348
                  Jiahuikai                                                                74,766              65,790
                  Wenbang                                                                  25,555              23,155
                  Dewei                                                                    17,988              17,610
                  Entities controlled by Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang                               11,673               7,738
                  Kunyuan                                                                   3,096               2,552


                                                                                          194,812             189,193


                  Sales of goods
                  Entities controlled by Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang                                  402              11,764
                  Furno HVAC                                                                    –               2,552


                                                                                              402              14,316


                  Lease income:
                  Entities controlled by Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang                                  300                 488


                  Lease expense for short-term leases:
                  Entities controlled by Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang                                  432                 177


                  Interest income:
                  Yinzhou Rural Commercial Bank                                               457                 110


                  Rental payments:
                  Entities controlled by Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang                                     –              1,025


                  Interest expense:
                  Entities controlled by Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang                                     –                  77


                  Purchase of property, plant and equipment:
                  Entities controlled by Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang                                     –             16,477


                  The above transactions were carried out between the Group and its related parties during the reporting
                  period at terms negotiated between the Group and the respective related parties.


54   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
                                          Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                               For the six months ended June 30, 2026



17. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (c)   Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:

                                                                           For the six months ended June 30,
                                                                                       2026              2025
                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)


         Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                     1,296                     2,707
         Performance related bonuses                                                     541                     1,582
         Pension scheme contributions and social welfare                                  87                        26
         Equity-settled share-based payment expenses                                   2,050                     2,050


         Total                                                                         3,974                     6,365


   (d)   Balances with related parties:

         The following table sets forth the outstanding balances with related parties as of the dates indicated:

                                                                             As at June 30, As at December 31,
                                                                                      2026               2025
                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                               (Unaudited)


         Bank balance*
         Yinzhou Rural Commercial Bank                                               129,663                    83,916


         *       The balance is included in the “cash and bank balances” in the interim condensed consolidated statement
                 of financial position.

                                                                             As at June 30, As at December 31,
                                                                                      2026               2025
                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                               (Unaudited)


         Amounts due from related parties:
         Trade nature
         Entities controlled by Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang                                        57                       176




                                                                                                        Interim Report 2026   55
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     For the six months ended June 30, 2026



     17. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
           (d)    Balances with related parties: (continued)

                                                                               As at June 30, As at December 31,
                                                                                        2026               2025
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)


                  Amounts due to related parties:
                  Trade nature
                  Jiahuikai                                                            68,462                54,959
                  Longzhicheng                                                         87,740                47,162
                  Wenbang                                                              30,247                19,749
                  Dewei                                                                23,446                16,060
                  Entities controlled by Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang                              425                   603
                  Furno HVAC                                                              166                   166
                  Kunyuan                                                               2,886                   111


                  Total                                                               213,372               138,810


                  An ageing analysis of the amounts due to related parties–trade nature, based on the invoice date, is
                  as follows:

                                                                               As at June 30, As at December 31,
                                                                                        2026               2025
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)


                  Within 3 months                                                     181,989               121,909
                  3 to 6 months                                                        11,641                 3,349
                  6 to 12 months                                                        6,841                 7,407
                  1 to 2 years                                                          9,388                 2,930
                  2 to 3 years                                                            715                   513
                  Over 3 years                                                          2,798                 2,702


                  Total                                                               213,372               138,810


                  The above amounts due to related parties are unsecured, payable on demand and interest-free.




56   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
                                    Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                            For the six months ended June 30, 2026



18. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
   Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and bank balances, pledged deposits, financial assets
   included in prepayments, deposits and other receivables, trade and bills receivables, amounts due from
   related parties, trade and bills payables, financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals, amounts
   due to related parties and current portion of interest-bearing bank borrowings approximate to their carrying
   amounts largely due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.

   The Group’s finance department headed by the finance manager is responsible for determining the policies
   and procedures for the fair value measurement of financial instruments. At the end of each reporting period,
   the finance department analyses the movements in the values of financial instruments and determines the
   major inputs applied in the valuation. The valuation is reviewed and approved by the chief financial officer.

   The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument
   could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation
   sale. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

   Derivative financial instruments, including forward currency contracts, futures contracts for the purchase of
   copper and foreign currency swaps are measured using valuation techniques similar to forward pricing and
   swap models, using present value calculations. The models incorporate various market observable inputs
   including the credit quality of counterparties, foreign exchange spot and forward rates and interest rate
   curves. The carrying amounts of forward currency contracts, futures contracts for the purchase of copper
   and foreign currency swaps are the same as their fair values.

   The fair values of the non-current portion of pledged deposits have been calculated by discounting the
   expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk
   and remaining maturities. The fair values have been assessed to be approximate to their carrying amounts.

   The fair values of receivables at fair value through other comprehensive income have been calculated by
   discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms,
   credit risk and remaining maturities.

   The fair values of the non-current portion of interest-bearing bank borrowings have been calculated by
   discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar
   terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. The fair values have been assessed to be approximate to their
   carrying amounts.

   The Group invests in unlisted investments, which represent structure deposits issued by a bank in Chinese
   mainland. The Group has estimated the fair value of these unlisted investments by using a discounted cash
   flow valuation model based on the market interest rates of instruments with similar terms and risks.

   The fair values of unlisted equity investments designated at FVTPLs were determined with reference to the
   issue prices for recently issued shares of each investment, taking into consideration any adjustment factors
   between the date of recent issuance and the period end.




                                                                                                    Interim Report 2026   57
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     For the six months ended June 30, 2026



     18. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
           (continued)

           Fair value hierarchy

           The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments.

           Assets measured at fair value:

           As at June 30, 2026 (unaudited)

                                                                Fair value measurement using
                                                        Quoted prices      Significant  Significant
                                                            in active      observable unobservable
                                                             markets           inputs       inputs
                                                            (Level 1)        (Level 2)    (Level 3)          Total
                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000


           Financial assets
           Derivative financial instruments                          –         23,323                 –       23,323
           Receivables at fair value through other
              comprehensive income                                   –      1,197,124                 –    1,197,124
           Financial assets at FVTPL                                 –      1,260,000            50,000    1,310,000


           Total                                                            2,480,447            50,000    2,530,447


           As at December 31, 2025

                                                                  Fair value measurement using
                                                         Quoted prices      Significant     Significant
                                                              in active     observable    unobservable
                                                               markets          inputs          inputs
                                                              (Level 1)       (Level 2)       (Level 3)        Total
                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000


           Financial assets
           Derivative financial instruments                          –        272,887                 –     272,887
           Receivables at fair value through other
              comprehensive income                                   –        561,322                 –     561,322


           Total                                                     –        834,209                 –     834,209




58   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
                                      Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                          For the six months ended June 30, 2026



18. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
   (continued)

   Fair value hierarchy (continued)

   The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments.
   (continued)

   Liabilities measured at fair value:

   As at June 30, 2026 (unaudited)

                                                         Fair value measurement using
                                                 Quoted prices      Significant  Significant
                                                     in active      observable unobservable
                                                      markets           inputs       inputs
                                                     (Level 1)        (Level 2)    (Level 3)               Total
                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000               RMB’000


   Financial liabilities
   Derivative financial instruments                           –          26,065               –            26,065


   As at December 31, 2025

                                                           Fair value measurement using
                                                  Quoted prices      Significant     Significant
                                                       in active     observable    unobservable
                                                        markets          inputs          inputs
                                                       (Level 1)       (Level 2)       (Level 3)            Total
                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000


   Financial liabilities
   Derivative financial instruments                           –           2,646               –              2,646


   During the period, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and
   no transfers into or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (six months ended June
   30, 2025: Nil).


19. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
   There is no material subsequent event undertaken by the Group after June 30, 2026.


20. APPROVAL OF THE UNAUDITED INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
    FINANCIAL INFORMATION
   The unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial information was approved and authorised for issue
   by the board of directors on August 28, 2026.


                                                                                                   Interim Report 2026   59
     Definitions

     In this interim report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions shall have the following
     meanings.

     “AGM”                                 the annual general meeting of the Company held on Friday, June 5, 2026

     “associated corporation(s)”           has the meaning ascribed to it under Part XV of the SFO

     “Audit Committee”                     the audit committee of the Board

     “AUX Holdings”                        AUX Holdings Group Co., Ltd. (奧克斯控股集團有限公司), an exempted
                                           company with limited liability incorporated in the Cayman Islands on
                                           August 9, 2011, a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Prosper and one of
                                           our controlling Shareholders

     “Board” or “Board of Directors”       the board of Directors of the Company

     “BVI”                                 the British Virgin Islands

     “CG Code”                             the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules

     “China”, “PRC” or “Chinese            the People’s Republic of China and, except where the context requires and
       mainland”                           only for the purpose of this interim report, excluding Hong Kong, the Macao
                                           Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan, China. “Chinese”
                                           shall be construed accordingly

     “China Prosper”                       China Prosper Enterprise Holding Co., Ltd., a business company with limited
                                           liability incorporated in the BVI on March 22, 2004, owned as to 85%,
                                           10% and 5% by Ze Hui, Ze Hong and Ze Long, respectively and one of
                                           our controlling Shareholders

     “Company”, “Our Company” or           Aux Electric Co., Ltd. (奥克斯电气有限公司), an exempted company with
       “the Company”                       limited liability incorporated in the Cayman Islands on October 23, 2024

     “controlling Shareholder(s)”          has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

     “Director(s)”                         the director(s) of the Company

     “Global Offering”                     the global offering of the Company’s Shares on the Stock Exchange

     “Group”, “our Group”, “we”, “us” the Company and all of its subsidiaries, or any one of them as the
       or “our”                       context may require or, where the context refers to any time prior to its
                                      incorporation, the business which its predecessors or the predecessors of its
                                      present subsidiaries, or any one of them as the context may require, were
                                      or was engaged in and which were subsequently assumed by it

     “HKD” or “HK$”                        Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

     “IP”                                  intellectual property




60   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
                                                                                              Definition




“Listing”                      the listing of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on
                               September 2, 2025

“Listing Date”                 September 2, 2025, being the date on which the Shares were listed and
                               from which dealings therein were permitted to take place on the Stock
                               Exchange

“Listing Rules”                the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
                               Hong Kong Limited, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
                               from time to time

“Main Board”                   the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock
                               Exchange which is independent from and operates in parallel with the GEM
                               of the Stock Exchange

“Model Code”                   the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
                               set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang”          Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang (鄭堅江), the founder of our Company, the chairman
                               of our Board, an executive Director and one of our controlling Shareholders

“Nomination Committee”         the nomination committee of the Board

“ODM”                          original design manufacturer, a company that designs and manufactures
                               products that will eventually be sold under third-party brands

“Prospectus”                   the prospectus of the Company dated August 25, 2025

“R&D”                          research and development

“Remuneration Committee”       the remuneration committee of the Board

“Reporting Period”             the six months ended June 30, 2026

“RMB”                          Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

“SFO”                          the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                               Kong), as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

“Share(s)”                     ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company with a nominal value
                               of US$0.000005 each

“Shareholder(s)”               holder(s) of the Share(s)

“Stock Exchange”               The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“subsidiary(ies)”              has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“substantial Shareholder(s)”   has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules



                                                                                          Interim Report 2026   61
     Definition




     “treasury share(s)”         has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

     “U.S.” or “United States”   the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas
                                 subject to its jurisdiction

     “U.S. dollars” or “US$”     United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

     “Ze Hong”                   Ze Hong Limited, a business company with limited liability incorporated
                                 in the BVI on July 11, 2011, which is wholly owned by Mr. ZHENG Jiang

     “Ze Hui”                    Ze Hui Limited, one of our controlling Shareholders, is a business company
                                 with limited liability incorporated in the BVI on July 11, 2011, which is
                                 wholly owned by Mr. ZHENG Jianjiang

     “Ze Long”                   Ze Long Limited, a business company with limited liability incorporated in
                                 the BVI on July 11, 2011, which is wholly owned by Mr. HE Xiwan

     “%”                         per cent




62   AUX ELECTRIC CO., LTD
