      Simplifying Business
             Simplifying Business




Annual Report 2018
      ANNUAL                      2018 KEY POINTS
      SHAREHOLDERS
      MEETING                       Net Profit after Tax up 1.7% to
      will be held at
                                    $1.33 million
      10.30am                       l up 18.8% adjusted for impact of acquisitions
      Wednesday 24 October 2018
      in the
                                    Dividend per share of 7.5 cents
      Jupiter Meeting Room          (prior year 6.75 cents)
      Solution Dynamics Limited
      18 Canaveral Drive
      Albany                        Revenue up 13.7% to $22.7 million
      Auckland

                                    European revenue up 33.9% to
                                    $4.0 million

                                    EBITDA up 8.9% to $2.27 million
                                    l up 17.2% adjusted for impact of acquisitions


                                    Cash from operations flat at
                                    $1.62 million

                                    Net cash on hand down 6.0%
                                    to $1.96 million

                                    Two acquisitions late in the
                                    financial year

                                    Entered international Hybrid Mail
                                    market and established presence
                                    in USA




|2|
CONTENTS

2018 Key Points. .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 2


Management Discussion and Analysis. .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 4


Statement of Corporate Governance. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .14


Independent Auditor’s Report.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 16



Consolidated Financial Statements for the Year Ended 30 June 2018

>		 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 19

>		 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 19

>		 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 20

>		 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 21

>		 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 22

>		 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 23



Company Directory .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 50




                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |3|
                   Solution Dynamics Limited

                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

      FY2018 Result Overview
      Solution Dynamics Limited (“SDL” or “Company”) has produced an audited net profit after tax of $1.332 million
      for FY2018 (growth of 1.7%). This profit includes costs and losses from acquisitions made late in the financial
      year, which acted as a significant drag on the Company’s profit. A like-for-like comparison (backing out the loss
      effect from acquisitions) against the prior year saw pleasing growth in net profit after tax of 18.8%. Highlights of
      the result are:
      •   revenue growth of 13.7% to $22.7 million, with revenue from the UK and Europe up $1.0 million or 33.9%
          to $4.0 million
      •   EBITDA growth of 8.9% to $2.27 million (growth was 17.1% to $2.44 million excluding the effects of
          acquisition costs and losses)
      •   net cash on hand at 30 June balance date was $1.96 million
      •   the Directors have declared a final, fully imputed dividend of 3.50 cents per share (FY2017: 3.25 cents),
          taking the total dividend for FY2017 to 7.50 cents per share (FY2017: 6.75 cents), an increase of 11.1%
      In late FY2018, SDL acquired Auckland-based Scantech (scanning and scanning/workflow software) and US-
      based DigitalToPrint, Inc. (“DTP”), which provides of a globally distributed print and mail solution.


      Business Overview
      SDL operates in the Customer Communications market (essential mail, interactive marketing communications
      and on-demand communications). The Company’s products and services are represented by two revenue
      streams:
      •   Services (itself separated into digital print & document handling services, outsourced services and
          scanning); and
      •   Software & Technology.
      Services includes digital print and mail house processing for mail items such as invoices, statements and
      promotional material. These are then distributed through New Zealand Post’s (“NZ Post”) mail delivery system.
      A number of the components included in this service, such as envelopes and postage, form part of outsourced
      service revenues. This service differs from traditional printing in that each document printed is typically
      personalised and unique. The revenue for Scantech is primarily included in Services (document handling
      services), although consulting and software revenues that are related to Scantech’s software technology are
      included in the Software & Technology revenue stream.
      Software & Technology develops and markets SDL’s own software products related to a) multi-channel
      marketing communications, which includes: a) digital asset management, communication templates and
      campaign management, b) document archiving, c) document composition, d) desktop mail solutions, e)
      scanning and scanning workflow, and f) international cross-border print-on-demand management software.
      A range of further technology services are also offered relating to SDL’s own software and the management
      of client data around the formatting, electronic output and archiving of customer communications. The US
      business, DTP, acquired by SDL in May 2018 is wholly included in Software & Technology.
      Despite the ongoing erosion of transactional mail volumes, the Directors believe that SDL’s key point of
      difference is in offering integrated solutions incorporating both physical print and digital technology. Some
      communications are better suited to print and will likely remain so for the foreseeable future. In other cases,
      use of software technology such as DéjarMail (SDL’s desktop mail solution) can improve the handling efficiency,
      management and cost of physical mail. The Company’s integrated range of print and software technologies
      means it is able to offer a holistic and distribution channel/platform-agnostic approach to managing its
      customers’ communications needs.
      The Company operates from leased premises in Albany, Auckland.


      Acquisitions
      SDL made two acquisitions late in the financial year, Scantech in April 2018 and DTP in May 2018.




|4|
Scantech is largely a “bolt-on” incremental transaction for the Company. SDL has offered scanning services
to its customers for some time and then subcontracted this work to Scantech and taken a small margin in the
process. Scantech has developed its own, in-house scanning workflow software, which means it is not reliant
on click-cost-based external software to manage its scanning. There are opportunities to sell Scantech’s
software in the UK and customer pilot projects are currently underway.
DTP is a riskier acquisition for SDL as it is currently unprofitable and is likely to remain so in the coming
financial year. In that sense, the purchase price for SDL is a combination of what has been paid (plus likely
vendor earn-out) plus the cost to fund near-term losses. However, DTP opens two new opportunities for SDL;
cross border printing and a toe-hold into the US market. Cross-border printing is where a company needs to
print and mail for offshore markets. Companies have two options here: either print-and-mail from their home
country (expensive with international mail rates) or print in foreign countries (cheaper, but problematic around
the logistics of managing a network of foreign printers, many of whom will have differing print composition
requirements). DTP’s software and network of printer relationships enables cross border printing and SDL
was aware from discussions with existing UK customers that there was a market need for this functionality.
Stepping – carefully – into the US market is an opportunity, but one that will require additional sales and
technical support overhead over time. The Company is already bidding on a sizeable pipeline of work and the
scale of potential revenue from individual opportunities is large, although we are under no illusions about the
difficulty of succeeding in this market. Our initial observation is that the switch to electronic in the US, while
underway, appears much slower and at a far earlier stage than in New Zealand.
Both acquisitions are structured with cash upfront payments and subsequent vendor earn-outs for reaching
profit targets. Note that accounting rules now require intangibles to be allocated to items such as intellectual
property and the value of customer contracts, rather than goodwill. Unlike goodwill, which remains on the
balance sheet subject to annual impairment testing, the intangibles must be written off by amortisation
through the Income Statement. SDL is opting to write down acquired intangibles over a relatively short four
to five year period. This means the Company will incur a non-cash, amortisation charge against profit of
around $0.23 million each year for the next four years. Furthermore, a portion (relating to customer contracts
and some of the acquired software) of this charge is not tax deductible. For the purposes of calculating the
dividend, the Directors have determined that acquisition-related amortisation will be added back to net profit
after tax before determining the dividend.


Description and Review of Revenue Streams
SDL Services
SDL Services predominantly provides mail house operations to high-volume postal mail users, mainly those in
the business-to-consumer sector. DéjarMail has expanded the market for SDL’s print and post service down to
the SME (small to medium enterprise) sector although the Company does not sell directly to SMEs but reaches
this market through channel partners.
SDL Services operates leased, high-speed digital colour and monochrome printers. In addition to digital
printing, Services also provides the usual ancillary document handling operations such as automated envelope
inserting and flowrap.
Services revenue also includes a variety of outsourced functions or components such as postage, offset
printing, freight, paper and envelopes. The Company has an access agreement with NZ Post which provides
bulk mail discounts off NZ Post’s retail rates, subject to SDL meeting minimum volumes requirements over a
twelve month period. SDL continues to exceed NZ Post’s minimum volumes under this agreement. The profit
margins on many of these outsourced components, especially postage, are slim.
With general mail volumes continuing to decline, SDL’s FY2018 mail lodgement volumes fell 8.6% although
the Company’s digital print volumes rose 7.6% as a result of new business wins offsetting declining volumes
from existing clients. The differing growth outcome for mail lodgement versus print volumes is accounted for
by two effects. The first is that not all SDL’s digital print volumes are related to mail, and secondly, changes
in the average number of printed sheets of paper per mail item means that print and mail volumes are not
one-to-one correlated. Note that part of the decline in physical mail volumes is offset by an increase in email
volumes processed by SDL; these rose by just over 30% during FY2018. SDL has continued to increase its
market share of declining mail volumes albeit at a lower rate of gain than in prior years. Note that the growth in
Outsourced Services revenue in the following table is a combination of both very low margin postage and the
outsourced printing for DéjarMail volumes in the UK.




                                                                                                                     |5|
      Solution Dynamics Limited
      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS CONTINUED



      SDL Services Revenue Breakdown			                                                                   Percentage
      (all figures $000)              FY2018 FY2017                                                          Change
      Digital Printing and Document Handling                                      6,773          6,712           0.9%
      Outsourced Services                                                         9,907          8,213          20.6%
      Total Services Revenue		                                                   16,680         14,925          11.8%
      			
      Growth in digital printing was largely the result of adding new business and several non-mailing digital print
      clients. Last year’s result commentary noted one of the Company’s major customers had rationalised its print
      output during FY2017, and SDL’s FY2018 saw the full annualised effect of that change.
      The Directors remain cautious about acquisitions and will only proceed on the basis that any transaction is
      expected to be value adding for shareholders, and with manageable financial and operational risk profiles.
      While SDL’s net cash position provides financial capacity for further acquisitions, the Company is conscious of
      first ensuring the two recent acquisitions are well integrated and adding value.


      SDL Software & Technology
      Digital tools and the ensuing digital transformation mean communication channels and the customer
      engagement model in most businesses has needed to adapt and become nimble and personalised.
      Organisations increasingly need to employ more “pull” marketing tactics, drawing people in to their brands
      with interesting, informative and engaging content. Communication channels are no longer “one size fits all”;
      customers should receive messaging through an omni-channel or multi-media approach. SDL treats every
      form of communication – whether a customer email, an invoice or account statement, or a piece of marketing
      collateral – as a means to enrich and deepen the personalised relationships that our customers have with their
      customers.
      The Company’s history in mailhouse and fulfilment means we fully understand the importance of data accuracy,
      timely delivery, and cost efficiency. The ongoing investment in software and technology demonstrates the SDL’s
      commitment to making the most of the digital transformation opportunities available to our clients.
      SDL Software has developed four software engines that are used as required to develop customer solutions.
      The acquisition of DTP in late FY2018 added further software capability with that company’s Jupiter product
      and the Scantech acquisition has added scanning workflow software:




      Déjar is a digital archival system that provides             Composer is SDL’s electronic document
      the ability to efficiently store and retrieve                creation software. It is flexible and allows
      electronic documents created from most                       customised documents to be built on the fly,
      formatting tools. Déjar allows users to exactly              based on information retrieved from databases.
      reproduce the original document and access                   Based on templates it automatically creates
      these via a browser over the local network or                templates, documents and letters with dynamic,
      via the Internet. The reproduced document                    customised content, formatted to each
      can be printed, faxed or emailed and Déjar’s                 customer’s requirements. Composer allows
      security and history features ensure every                   companies to easily standardise corporate
      document created and subsequent access event                 documentation formats for all users, including
      is recorded by User ID and date/time stamp.                  regional and legal variations. Templates,
                                                                   documents, emails, letters and newsletters
                                                                   created by Composer are automated, ready to
                                                                   archive, print, publish online, or electronically
                                                                   distribute to customers in one step.




|6|
Bremy is an integrated, multi-channel publishing         DéjarMail is a web browser-based desktop mail
and distribution solution for businesses across          management solution which allows customers
a broad spectrum of industries. It manages               to route mail correspondence, by file transfer
the work flow of digital assets, from document           or web browser portal (Post On Demand), to
creation and revision, to final email or print-          SDL or any other service provider for printing
ready files and distribution through multiple            and delivery via post or any other medium. This
channels, including print, email, web, digital           delivers costs savings for smaller businesses
signage and mobile. It helps streamline and              and for larger companies’ ad hoc mail.
provides integrity to document proofing and
integrates with data sources to produce
complex documents such as online or physical
catalogues. It also has a Campaign Manager
module to assist companies in creating and
managing specific advertising programmes.




          Jupiter

Jupiter, acquired as part of the DTP acquisition,        Scantech Software; Scantech’s suite of
is a global print and mail solution that benefits        software solutions include scanning applications
Postal Administrations, senders and recipients,          to digitise physical documents, automated
all via a “Managed Print and Mail Solution”.             extraction of data from documents (both
Jupiter provides a technology platform which             physical and digital) including workflows for the
links together customer communication origin             processing of this data and the automation of
points such as ERP, transactional and marketing          business processes such as accounts payable
output with production and fulfilment on a               and accounts receivable. These are also
globally distributed basis. Closely integrated with      integrated into SDL products, such as Déjar for
over 300 service providers globally, customers           archival and retrieval.
can use a highly flexible web service API to
achieve simultaneous concurrent fulfilment
across five continents, all while retaining visibility
and control of the process via an intuitive and
mobile friendly, web portal.
The scope for integration of the SDL product set
with Jupiter’s global fulfilment network opens the
door to expansion of the markets that the range
of SDL solutions can apply to.


Software & Technology revenue is earned from three sources.
SaaS (Software as a Service) is an alternative to the traditional, now largely defunct, licensing of software.
Under SaaS, rather than pay an upfront fee, customers opt to run SDL’s software on a pay-as-you-go model,
typically by way of a per-document or per-electronic transaction charge. Under this model, SDL will usually
host the software (using third party hosting infrastructure, such as Amazon Web Services) and related data on
behalf of the client. While SDL forgoes the benefit of any large up-front licence revenue, the SaaS approach
does build an annuity revenue base that then generates value over a longer term. The trend in recent years has
been for customers to prefer SaaS rather than acquiring a software licence, to the point where the Company no
longer expects to sell licences.
Secondly, the company offers bespoke software development services where this is related to a customer
using SDL’s software. An example is a customer requiring a front end, web-based access portal to allow its
clients to access the underlying data being stored or managed by SDL’s software.




                                                                                                                 |7|
      Solution Dynamics Limited
      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS CONTINUED


      The third is the provision of programming, consulting, business analysis and design services that help clients to
      manage essential and marketing communications both by mail and electronic transfer.
      Software encompasses all international software revenue and all revenue from all of our software products and
      services. It also includes Déjar revenue in New Zealand for digital document archival and management for SDL
      Services’ customers. Note that a significant part of the revenue from DéjarMail is generated in SDL Services
      from the printing and postage component of the service.
      In addition to New Zealand and Australia, both Déjar and Composer are sold internationally, mainly in the
      UK and Europe. Bremy is predominantly a New Zealand product, with several Australian and UK customers
      and the Company sees potential for ongoing and potentially strong growth in the UK, albeit from a low base.
      DéjarMail is continuing to see solid growth in the UK and given the early-stage client base in that region we
      expect this will be a secular growth trend that will run for a number of years. The roll out of Bremy to UK dental
      practices commenced during FY2017, although there was a period of additional development required, which
      constrained growth during the year. We continue to expect growth from Bremy, although as with DéjarMail, the
      speed of the take-up rate and eventual penetration levels is difficult to assess.
      SDL sees a general trend for organisations to internally generate and self-store PDF files; this is likely to reduce
      demand for the Company’s Déjar archival product over time.
      In the UK, SDL has added additional sales and support personnel, as well as staff in Europe during FY2017 and
      incurred the full annualised impact on profitability from these costs during FY2018. Additional UK-based sales
      staff are currently being added.
      Software & Technology generated revenue of $6.05 million in FY2018, an increase of 19.5% on the prior
      year’s revenue of $5.07 million (and an acceleration of growth from 13.9% the prior year), largely the result
      of DéjarMail growth in the UK. There were no large, one-off licence revenues achieved, with some software
      development work undertaken and SaaS revenues continuing to build. Scandinavian postal operator, Post
      Nord’s digital solutions arm, Stralfors, was added as a new customer in the second half, generating FY2018
      revenue from setup and implementation, plus some software customisation.


      Financial Performance
      Revenue growth in FY2018 was generated by both Software and Technology, and Outsourced Services, both
      of which grew around 20% year-on-year, while Digital Imaging and Document Handling remained largely flat.
      Outsourced Services revenue gains are predominantly the effect of printing for DéjarMail volumes in the UK.
      Postage margins remain very low and this is unlikely to change as the wholesale rates and hence margin that
      New Zealand Post is able to offer is regulated by the Postal Network Access Committee, although changes to
      NZ Post’s rebate requirements will negatively affect FY2019 margins.

      Summary Financial Performance			                                                                        Percentage
      (all figures $000)             FY2018 FY2017                                                               Change
      Total Revenue                                                                22,732          19,991          13.7%
      Less: Cost of Goods Sold                                                     14,315          12,274          16.6%
      Gross Margin		                                                                 8,417          7,717            9.1%
      Gross Margin (%)                                                              37.0%          38.6%
      Less: Selling, General & Admin                                                 6,144          5,630            9.1%
      EBITDA		2,273                                                                                 2,087            8.9%
      EBITDA margin (%)                                                             10.0%          10.4%
      Depreciation                                                                    208             208             n.m.
      Amortisation                                                                    161               78            n.m.
      EBIT		1,904                                                                                   1,801            5.7%
      Net Interest                                                                      (5)             (1)           n.m.
      Income Tax                                                                      577             492          17.3%.
      Net Profit after Tax		                                                         1,332          1,310            1.7%
      Tax rate                                                                      30.2%          27.3%




|8|
FY2018 earnings were reduced by the Company’s decision to make two acquisitions: Scantech, and DTP. The
following table highlights the main costs involved from the acquisitions and provides a like-for-like comparison
to SDL’s results in the absence of these acquisitions.


Adjusted Financial Performance
(all figures $000)                                                         FY2018          FY2017         Change
Reported Net Profit After Taxation                                            1,332           1,310          1.7%
Acquisition-related costs (net of any tax):			
   Acquisition costs (e.g. legal, due diligence)                                118		
   Post-purchase trading losses (ex-amortisation)                                58		
   Amortisation (of acquired intangibles)                                        49		
SDL like-for-like profit		                                                    1,557          1,310          18.8%
Earnings per Share like-for-like basis (cents)                                10.69            9.32         14.7%
Dividend per Share (cents)                                                     7.50            6.75         11.1%
Dividend Payout ratio like-for-like basis                                    70.1%           72.4%


The effect of the acquisition drag on SDL’s profitability was compounded by the fact that DTP losses are
quarantined in a US entity for tax purposes and thus not available to be offset against profits in other areas of
SDL. Also, amortisation of acquired intangibles (other than a portion of the software) is not deductible for tax
purposes. These factors pushed up the Company’s headline tax rate to 30.2% for the year and 32.2% in 2H
(these factors will continue in FY2019).
The second half remains the seasonally the quieter half of the year, especially in New Zealand, although
growth in software (and directly associated Outsourced Services) revenue is now beginning to produce a more
balanced profit split.
The FY2018 result includes a pre-tax benefit of $0.23 million from the Company’s market development
agreement with NZ Trade and Enterprise (“NZTE”). This agreement expired in June 2018. SDL intends
applying for further NZTE market development support for its US expansion efforts through DTP, however, this
application is not able to be made prior to January 2019 and there is no certainty the Company’s application
will be successful.
The change in mix of revenue towards a greater component of low margin, outsourced services is causing
SDL’s percentage Gross Margin to compress, although the dollar Gross Margin is continuing to grow. This
trend is likely to persist as DéjarMail’s offshore revenue grows at a faster rate than the rest of the Company’s
business. Nevertheless, despite the percentage Gross Margin compression, SDL’s ongoing focus on cost
control saw the Company’s EBITDA margin decline only slightly, to 10.0%. Part of the reduction is the
deliberate and ongoing addition to sales and support staff in offshore markets, particularly the UK, and during
FY2019 probably also in the US.
The following table highlights first and second half performance for the last two financial years. Note that
2H FY2018 EBITDA contains approximately $0.15 million of costs and operating losses related to the two
acquisitions made late in FY2018 (the positive EBITDA generated by Scantech was well outweighed by the
EBITDA loss from DTP).

SDL Half Financial Years
(all figures $000)                       2H           2H     Percent           1H              1H         Percent
                                     FY2018        FY2017    Change        FY2018          FY2017         Change
Total Revenue                         11,440        9,804      16.7%         11,292         10,187          10.8%
EBITDA                                      949     1,009       -5.9%         1,324           1,078         22.8%
EBITDA margin                           8.3%        10.3%		                  11.7%           10.6%
Tax rate                               32.2%        29.9%		                  28.9%           24.9%
						




                                                                                                                    |9|
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS CONTINUED


         Balance Sheet, Liquidity and Debt
         Capital expenditure in FY2018 was $0.188 million, a drop of around 9% on the prior year ($0.206 million). The
         capex spend mainly related to IT equipment, a specialised booklet-making piece of print finishing equipment
         for which we see strong customer demand, and upgrading SDL’s accounting and print job management
         systems.
         The Company’s net cash (i.e. cash net of interest bearing debt) position declined marginally, by $0.12 million
         or 6.0%, to $1.96 million, with the reduction a result of SDL investing $0.712 million in acquiring Scantech and
         DTP. Further payments for these two acquisitions are likely in FY2019 under vendor earnout arrangements.
         At balance date the Company’s sole remaining bank facility was an unused overdraft arrangement from ANZ
         Bank with a $200,000 limit.

         Selected Balance Sheet and Cashflow Figures
         (all figures $000)                                                          FY2018          FY2017          Change
         Net Bank Cash/(Debt & Borrowings)                                              1,956           2,080            (124)
         Non-Current Assets                                                             2,871           2,008                863
         Net Other Liabilities                                                           (816)           (569)           (247)
         Net Assets		                                                                   4,011           3,519                492
         Cashflow from Trading                                                          1,677           1,599                 78
         Movement in Working Capital                                                      (55)             82            (137)
         Cash Inflow from Operations		                                                  1,622           1,681                (59)
         Cash dividends paid		                                                          1,039             808                231
         			
         Net Assets includes goodwill related to the original purchases of the software products Déjar and Bremy.
         Bremy accounts for around three quarters of the $1.06 million carrying value of goodwill. An impairment test is
         conducted against the carrying value of these assets each year and the Directors believe the current value of
         these products remains comfortably in excess of their carrying values.
         The acquisitions of Scantech and DTP have resulted in additional intangible assets of $1.047 million, mainly
         related to the value of software IP plus customer contracts these companies have in place. Unlike goodwill,
         these intangibles are required to be amortised under accounting rules and the directors have determined they
         should be written off over periods of four to five years depending on the type of intangible asset. This will mean
         an additional, non-cash, amortisation charge of around $0.23 million to the Income Statement for the next four
         years.
         While SDL’s balance sheet shows a positive net-cash position, the Company is also carrying leases on its
         premises and much of its printing and document handling equipment. The annual cost of rentals and leases
         was $0.72 million in FY2018 ($0.69 million in FY2017) and represents off balance sheet leverage. We note
         that in FY2020 the accounting standards relating to leases will change. Finance leases will be capitalised and
         shown as a debt liability, increasing the amount of debt on the balance sheet, as well as altering the Income
         Statement by mandating that part of the lease payment be accounted for as a financing (i.e. interest cost)
         charge.
         Excluding the net cash balance from SDL’s working capital, the Company currently operates with a slightly
         negative working capital balance. The Company adopts a positive view to this aspect of its balance sheet.
         It means SDL can generally continue to grow revenue without particular requirement to fund any additional
         working capital needs. Note that SDL’s Other Current Liabilities figure included $0.335 million as a provision
         for the earnout liability in relation to Scantech and DTP. To the extent that the actual earnout varies from this
         provision, the difference will affect the FY2019 Income Statement (and will be disclosed a separate item).




| 10 |
Taxation and Dividends
Aside from minor timing issues and non-deductible expenses, the Company pays full New Zealand tax on
locally generated earnings. SDL completely utilised its remaining UK tax losses during the year and is now
paying UK tax. The recently acquired DTP business in the US is currently making losses. These are effectively
ring fenced within the US and SDL is not able to group them to offset other profits. Until the Company is able
to improve trading performance of DTP it will therefore show an abnormally high tax rate although this position
will reverse if SDL is able to return DTP to profitability and utilise any US tax losses that are then available (note
that the losses may possibly be recognised earlier for accounting purposes, but this will not affect the cash tax
position). Further, a portion (relating to customer contracts and some of the acquired software) of amortisation
of acquired intangibles is not tax deductible and this will also bias the reported tax rate upwards until these are
fully written down.
SDL only intends to pay dividends to the extent that it can fully impute them and also subject to SDL not
experiencing any one-off requirements for abnormal capital expenditure or any significant acquisition activity.

			Percentage
Earnings and Dividends per Share FY2018 FY2017 Change
Shares on Issue (‘000)                                                                            14,560              14,059                3.6%
Earnings per Share (cents)                                                                           9.15                9.32              -1.8%
Adjusted Earnings per Share (cents) (a)                                                             10.69                9.32              14.7%
Dividend per Share (cents)                                                                           7.50                6.75              11.1%
Dividend Proportion Imputed                                                                      100.0%              100.0%
Dividend Payout ratio                                                                             82.0%                72.4%
Dividend Payout ratio on Adjusted EPS                                                             70.1%		

(a) Adjusted earnings per share is a non-GAAP accounting measure that is calculated by adding back the costs and losses relating to SDL’s two
recent acquisitions. It is provided to provide investors with a more meaningful like-for-like comparison against the prior year earnings per share.

Shares on issue rose slightly (+3.6%) over FY2018, entirely the result of SDL staff exercising Employee Share
Option Programme (“ESOP”) options that were issued in 2014. The bulk of ESOP options have been exercised
with only 80,000 options now outstanding under this programme.


Operational Performance
The industry-wide decline in general mail volume is continuing and anecdotal industry comments suggest that
the rate of decline increased in FY2018. SDL’s mail volumes dropped 8.6%, partly cushioned by some new
business gain. The Company’s digital print volumes increased 7.6% on last year. SDL’s print equipment has
significant capacity, particularly from a high-speed, continuous printer under the DMS agreement with FXNZ.
The Company has progressively transitioning a greater proportion of its print jobs from cut sheet printers onto
the continuous printer as this provides efficiency benefits. Any material growth in continuous print volume
under the DMS agreement would likely require a modest increase in the level of production staff and possibly
some additional document handling equipment.


New Zealand Postal Market
The domestic postal services market continues to evolve, and changes in 2018 are not positive for physical
mail volumes. Previously, in July 2015, NZ Post commenced the process of reducing the number of delivery
days per week for standard letter mail in major towns and cities to three days, although it is continuing to
provide six-day-per-week delivery for premium mail. Earlier in 2018, NZ Post announced a substantial increase
in the price of mail that took effect from 1 July 2018. The price of a standard letter increased by 20 cents from
$1.00 to $1.20, and bulk mail prices also increased along with tighter conditions to achieve bulk pricing.
There are examples of one-off sizeable mail price increases overseas, including Australia, in recent years. The
experience has tended to result in a one-off step down in mail volumes, subsequently followed by ongoing
volume erosion then continuing from the lower base. SDL has no reason to assume anything other than a
similar experience is likely in New Zealand, with the main uncertainty around how quickly the Company’s
customers react and begin the push to digitise more of their communications.




                                                                                                                                                      | 11 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS CONTINUED


         These price changes by NZ Post may create opportunities for SDL as it may force some customers to
         accelerate moves towards greater use of digital communications solutions. The Company tracks how its major
         customers utilise print versus electronic delivery for transactional mail. FY2018 has already seen a pick-up in
         the rate at which customers are switching to digital and we expect a further, probably significant, step up in
         that rate during FY2019. SDL is well positioned to capitalise on this, given its breadth of technology offerings
         with solutions for digitally communicating with and servicing customers (these can also deliver significant
         communications and document creation cost savings).
         Nevertheless, if the Company’s customers opt in FY2019 to more rapidly switch towards greater electronic
         communications, SDL will inevitably suffer margin loss from lower utilisation of its printing assets and any
         revenue and margin gained from SDL Software & Technology will not be sufficient to offset this decline.


         Risk Factors
         The physical mail market will continue to decline in volume with the probability of a one-off more sizeable
         decline in FY2019 resulting from recent NZ Post price increases. This has several industry-wide implications.
         First, excess printing capacity in the mail house physical print sector, already a problem, will inevitably
         worsen. Secondly, increased competition for lower volumes may spill over into pricing and margin pressure.
         The risk is partly mitigated by SDL’s ability to add value through its technology offerings although excessive
         price discounting of printing services would affect profitability across the entire industry and SDL would
         not be immune to this threat. Additionally, pressure on marginal print operators is likely to cause industry
         rationalisation, although SDL may benefit from being able to acquire distressed print volumes (without buying
         the associated print assets).
         SDL’s top five customers provided 40% of the Company’s revenue in FY2018 with the largest customer
         accounting for 12% of revenue. Loss of one or more of those customers could cause financial results to differ
         materially from those outlined in the FY2019 Outlook section below. This risk is partly mitigated by having a
         number of these clients under contract, as well as the offset of expecting revenue growth outside these clients,
         particularly from DéjarMail.
         The Company’s software provides critical document management and storage functions for its clients. SDL
         needs to ensure it continues to maintain adequate levels of software quality control. SDL also regards IT and
         data security as a potential risk area and regularly reviews its IT and data security arrangements.
         The Company operates a single site facility, albeit with an offsite for data and server backup. The Directors
         are conscious of the operational risk a single site implies for digital imaging operations. SDL has investigated
         reciprocal disaster recovery (“DR”) plans with other printers, and the Company has some capability with Fuji
         Xerox, however, in general, print capacity mismatches have meant there are few possible solutions. SDL
         continues to explore DR options.
         The Company relies on several third party distributors to market and support its software products, especially
         in international markets. There is no certainty that these arrangements will be successful in meeting revenue
         expectations and SDL may be required to devote more time and funds to support its existing international
         distribution structures.


         Technology Innovation
         SDL operates in both the old economy print/mail house business and the new economy document
         management business. While there are many areas where printed mail is continuing to decline, some elements
         (e.g. direct marketing) of print and mail remain reasonably resilient. Nevertheless, SDL is continuing to innovate
         and develop its software offerings to ensure the Company is agnostic in the communication channels it is able
         to offer its clients to communicate with their customers.
         SDL has been progressively managing its portfolio of digital document software IP to ensure the Company
         is capable of making this progressive transition towards the growing emphasis on digital customer
         communications. This involves increasing internationalisation of SDL’s revenues, both through software
         product development and acquisitions such as DTP, as well as the development of channel partners to build
         distribution.




| 12 |
Share Trading Liquidity
The Directors are conscious that the Company’s shares trade infrequently and that this is likely to result in
higher than desired share price volatility and limited ability for investors to enter or exit a holding. There are
likely several factors behind this, but predominantly two main ones; the high extent to which large blocks of
SDL’s shares are held by parties who do not normally trade them, reducing the effective free float, and the fact
that SDL is listed on NZX’s secondary, NZAX, board. There is no action the Company can take in respect of the
first factor.
On the second factor, NZX has commenced a process to review and simplify its Listing Rules, and as part of
that is also looking to simplify its equity market structure and consolidate the NZAX and NXT markets into a
single NZSX Main Board. The NZX Listing Rule review is well advanced but is still subject to FMA approval.
Subject to timing of the approval of the new Rules, the window for the Company to transition from NZAX to the
main board should open in early 2019. With the caveat that the Directors are yet to see and take advice on the
updated Listing Rules, SDL intends to transition to a NZSX Main Board listing as soon as practical in 2019 and
then review liquidity to see if further actions are warranted.


FY2019 Outlook
After a good result for FY2018, the Company is cautious for FY2019. The mail pricing actions by NZ Post
will inevitably mean volume and margin erosion in SDL’s print and mail house operations. While there will be
some offsetting volume switch into SDL’s digital revenues, the amount of dollar margin achieved for a digital
communication processed by SDL is significantly less than for a similar print and mail communication.
Software revenues in the UK are continuing to increase and we expect this trend to continue in FY2019. In
Europe, Post Nord is expected to begin progressively utilising SDL’s technology, although the rate of customer
take up is uncertain at this stage and the FY2018 result benefitted from one-off setup and customisation
revenues for Post Nord. Furthermore, SDL has added additional support and business development
infrastructure in the UK and the market development cost subsidy programme from NZTE expired at 30 June,
meaning UK costs will show a sizeable net increase in FY2019.
The acquisition of Scantech will make a positive addition to earnings and that business is currently operating
to expectations. However, the Scantech contribution will be partially offset by expected losses from DTP in the
US. DTP has a number of very significant customer opportunities, but even if some of these are successfully
closed, the lead times to fully implement and bring the customers on board may mean that little benefit is
gained in FY2019.
Lastly, the accounting rules around amortisation of acquisition intangibles mean that SDL will incur an
additional non-cash charge of around $0.205 million (after tax) per annum for the next four years. The Directors
have determined that the non-cash charge for amortisation related to acquired intangibles will be ignored for
the purposes of SDL’s dividend payout policy.
The combined effect of NZ Post price changes on margins, expiry of NZTE market development contribution,
intangibles amortisation and DTP losses are sufficiently large that it is only broadly offset by the addition of
Scantech earnings and Software & Technology growth in the UK and Europe.
Consequently, SDL’s outlook for FY2019 is for a modest decline of around 5-10% in reported net profit
after tax. Note that this forecast includes the full year impact of amortising the intangible assets that were
acquired with Scantech and DTP and if these are excluded, then the FY2019 earnings are expected to show
a low single digit percentage increase. The Company’s forecast does include some moderate growth in new
business assumptions and is subject to the usual risks that the print and mail house market remain extremely
competitive and in decline.
Yours sincerely




John McMahon                                                      Nelson Siva
Director (Chairman)                                               Director (CEO)




                                                                                                                     | 13 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited

         STATEMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

         The corporate governance processes set out in this statement do not materially differ from the principles set
         out in the New Zealand Stock Exchange Corporate Governance Best Practice Code issued on May 2017.


         Financial Statements
         It is the Directors’ responsibility to ensure preparation of consolidated financial statements that present
         fairly the financial position of the Group as at the end of the financial year and the results of operations and
         cash flows for the year. The external auditors are responsible for expressing an independent opinion on the
         consolidated financial statements.
         The consolidated financial statements set out in this report have been prepared by management in accordance
         with generally accepted accounting practice in New Zealand. They are based on appropriate accounting
         policies which have been consistently applied and which are supported by reasonable judgements and
         estimates.
         After reviewing internal management financial reports and budgets the Directors believe that the Group will
         continue to be a going concern in the foreseeable future. For this reason they continue to adopt the going
         concern basis in preparing the consolidated financial statements.


         Board of Directors
         The Group’s constitution requires a minimum of three Directors, of whom two must be ordinarily resident in
         New Zealand. The maximum number of Directors is seven.
         At least one third of Directors shall retire from office each year at the annual general meeting but shall be
         eligible for re-election. The retiring Directors must be those Directors who have been longest serving since they
         were last elected.
         Directors who are appointed by the Board rather than by ordinary resolution by shareholders must retire at the
         next annual general meeting but will be eligible for re-election.
         The Board currently comprises four Directors, being a non-executive chairman, two non-executive Directors
         and the Chief Executive.
         The Directors have a wide range of skills and expertise that they use to the benefit of the Group.
         The primary responsibilities of the Board include:
         •    to establish the vision of the Group
         •    to establish the long-term goals and strategies of the Group
         •    to approve annual and half-year financial reports
         •    to approve annual budgets
         •    to approve corporate policies
         •    to ensure the Group has good internal controls and keeps adequate records
         •    to ensure legislative compliance
         •    to monitor executive management
         •    to ensure appropriate communication to stakeholders

         Board procedures are governed by the Constitution.


         Conflicts of Interest and Related Parties
         All Directors must disclose any general and specific interests that could be in conflict with their obligations to
         the Group. Transactions with related parties and balances outstanding relating to the year ended 30 June 2018
         are disclosed in Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


         Risk Management
         The Board is responsible for the Group’s system of internal controls. The Board monitors the operational and
         financial aspects of the Group and considers recommendations from external auditors and advisors on the
         risks that the Group faces.




| 14 |
The Board ensures that recommendations made are assessed and appropriate action is taken where
necessary to ensure risks are managed appropriately.


Internal Controls
It is the responsibility of the Directors to ensure adequate accounting records are kept. Directors are also
responsible for the Group’s system of internal financial controls.
Internal financial controls have been implemented to minimize the possibility of material misstatement. They
can provide only reasonable assurance and not absolute assurance against material misstatements or loss.
No major breakdowns of internal controls were identified during the year.


Committees
The Board operates no committees.


Audit Committee
The Board does not have an audit committee. The entire Board carries out reviews of the half-yearly and annual
financial reports.


Attendance at meetings
During the period 1 July 2017 to 30 June 2018 attendance at meetings was:

                                                                  Board Meetings                 Board Meetings
                                                                           Held                       Attended
John McMahon (Chairman)                                                          11                               11
Julian Beavis                                                                    11                               11
Nelson Siva (CEO)                                                                11                               11
Elmar Toime                                                                      11                               11

Directors’ Remuneration
Directors’ remuneration during the year is disclosed in Note 29 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.


Executives’ Remuneration
Executives’ remuneration greater than $100,000 per annum received in their capacity as employees during the
year is disclosed in Note 22 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


Entries in the Interests Register
In addition to the interests and related party transactions disclosures in Note 12 of the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements, there were no interests disclosed to the Board during the year.


Directors’ Share Dealings and Shareholding
Directors’ disclose the following relevant interests in shares in the Group at 30 June 2018 and transactions in
relevant interests in shares during the financial year ended 30 June 2018.

Shareholder               Balance 30 June 2017            Additions         Disposals       Balance 30 June 2018
John McMahon                           1,504,801                   -                  -                  1,504,801
Nelson Siva                              830,000           140,000                    -                    970,000




                                                                                                                       | 15 |
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Grant Thornton New Zealand
           Independent Auditor’s Report                                                                                                                                                       Grant
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Audit Partnership

                                                                                                                                                                                                  L4,Thornton  New Zealand
         Independent Auditor’s
                       Auditor’sReport
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Grant Thornton House
                                                                                                                                                                                              Audit Partnership
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Grant
                                                                                                                                                                                                  152    Thornton
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Fanshawe    New Zealand
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Street
           Independent
          Independent  Auditor’s Report
                                 Report
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Grant
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Audit
                                                                                                                                                                                                  PO Box
                                                                                                                                                                                              L4,Audit
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Grant
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Thornton  New Zealand
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Partnership
                                                                                                                                                                                                           1961
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Partnership
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Thornton
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Auckland  1140 House
                                                                                                                                                                                              152 Fanshawe   Street House
                                                                                                                                                                                                  L4, Grant Thornton
                                                                                                                                                                                              POL4,
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Box
                                                                                                                                                                                                  152
                                                                                                                                                                                                  T
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Grant
                                                                                                                                                                                                    +641961Thornton
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Fanshawe
                                                                                                                                                                                                         9 308
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    House
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Street
                                                                                                                                                                                                               2570
                                                                                                                                                                                                 152
                                                                                                                                                                                              Auckland
                                                                                                                                                                                                  PO  Fanshawe
                                                                                                                                                                                                        1140
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Box      Street
                                                                                                                                                                                                           19614892
                                                                                                                                                                                                  F
                                                                                                                                                                                                 PO +64  9 309
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Box 1961
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Auckland  1140
                                                                                                                                                                                                  www.grantthornton.co.nz
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Auckland  1140
                                                                                                                                                                                              T +64 9 308 2570
                                                                                                                                                                                              F +64 9 309 308
                                                                                                                                                                                                  T +64    48922570
                                                                                                                                                                                                 TF+64
                                                                                                                                                                                                    +6499308
                                                                                                                                                                                                           3092570
                                                                                                                                                                                              www.grantthornton.co.nz
                                                                                                                                                                                                               4892
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Fwww.grantthornton.co.nz
                                                                                                                                                                                                   +64 9 309 4892
                                                                                                                                                                                                 www.grantthornton.co.nz
               To the Shareholders of Solution Dynamics Limited
         ToReport
            the Shareholders
                     on the Audit     ofofSolution
                                             the         Dynamics Financial
                                                   Consolidated        Limited Statements
           Tothe
           To
          To   the
              the    Shareholders
                 Shareholders
                    Shareholders          ofDynamics
                                of Solution
                                         of   Solution
                                              Solution      DynamicsLimited
                                                        Limited
                                                           Dynamics        Limited
         Report
           Opinionon the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
           Report
           Report
          Report     onthe
                     on
                    on    theAudit
                          the   Auditof
                               Audit     ofthe
                                        of   theConsolidated
                                            the    ConsolidatedFinancial
                                                  Consolidated         FinancialStatements
                                                                     Financial      Statements
                                                                                   Statements
         Opinion
           We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Solution Dynamics Limited (the Group) on pages xx to
           Opinion
           Opinion
           yy which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2018 and the consolidated
          Opinion
            have
         WeWe    audited
              have       thethe
                    audited  consolidated  financial
                                consolidated         statements
                                               financial        of Solution
                                                         statements         Dynamics
                                                                    of Solution      Limited
                                                                                Dynamics     (the (the
                                                                                         Limited   Group) on pages
                                                                                                       Group)      xx to19
                                                                                                              on pages
              statement of profit or loss, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of
              We47have
              to         which  audited
                                     comprise  the    consolidated
                                                        the      consolidated   financial        statements
                                                                                          statement                     of Solution
                                                                                                              of financial                    Dynamics          Limited      (the    Group)          onconsolidated
                                                                                                                                                                                                           pages xx to
         yy We
             which  have
              changes    comprise
                              audited
                               in equity   the
                                             the  consolidated
                                                and consolidated
                                                         consolidated        statement
                                                                              financial
                                                                                   statement     of  financial
                                                                                               statements
                                                                                                      of cash         position
                                                                                                                     of
                                                                                                                     flows        forposition
                                                                                                                           Solution      as   at  30asJune
                                                                                                                                         theDynamics
                                                                                                                                                year       at 30
                                                                                                                                                        then       Juneand
                                                                                                                                                                2018
                                                                                                                                                               Limited
                                                                                                                                                                ended,      2018
                                                                                                                                                                           (the
                                                                                                                                                                            and   the  and
                                                                                                                                                                                         consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                                    Group)
                                                                                                                                                                                     notes      the
                                                                                                                                                                                                 toonthe pages xx to
              yy
              statement
         statement which       comprise
                                  of   profit    the
                                                 or      consolidated
                                                       loss,      consolidated     statementstatement  of  financial
                                                                                                               of             position
                                                                                                                     comprehensive            as    at  30
                                                                                                                                                     income, June    2018
                                                                                                                                                                  consolidated  and     the     consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                                           statement
            yyconsolidated      profit
                  whichofcomprise          or loss,
                                       financial          consolidated
                                                the consolidated
                                                        statements,                 statement
                                                                                  statement
                                                                                including         a of      comprehensive
                                                                                                       ofinancial
                                                                                                      summary            ofposition
                                                                                                                              significant    income,
                                                                                                                                             as at     30 consolidated
                                                                                                                                                            June 2018
                                                                                                                                                   accounting        policies and statement
                                                                                                                                                                                      the consolidatedof
              statement
              of
         changes   changes
                         in equityofinprofit
                                          andoror
                                         equity       loss,consolidated
                                                     and
                                                  consolidated    consolidated
                                                                             statement    statement
                                                                                        statement
                                                                                                of cashof   ofoflows
                                                                                                                   comprehensive
                                                                                                                  cash       flows
                                                                                                                           for    the for year the income,
                                                                                                                                                  thenyear      consolidated
                                                                                                                                                              then
                                                                                                                                                           ended,    ended,
                                                                                                                                                                       and notes   and         the toofof
                                                                                                                                                                                        statement
                                                                                                                                                                                          tonotes             the
            statement           of profit           loss, consolidated                  statement                comprehensive                   income,       consolidated           statement
              In   our
              consolidated
              changes
         consolidated     opinion,
                               in      financial
                                   equity the    accompanying
                                                and      statements,
                                                         consolidated          consolidated
                                                                                 including
                                                                                   statement       a of financial
                                                                                                      summary
                                                                                                           cash      flowsstatements
                                                                                                                          of significant
                                                                                                                                  for    the     present
                                                                                                                                                year          fairly,
                                                                                                                                                     accounting
                                                                                                                                                        then    ended,  in all
                                                                                                                                                                       policies
                                                                                                                                                                            and   material
                                                                                                                                                                                     notes        respects,
                                                                                                                                                                                                 to   the            the
            changes infinancial   equity and     statements,
                                                       consolidated       including
                                                                                 statement  a summaryof cashofflows    significant
                                                                                                                                for theaccounting
                                                                                                                                              year then ended,  policiesand notes to the
              financial
              consolidated
              In our opinion,  position       of
                                       financial   Solution
                                                        statements,
                                          the accompanying           Dynamics   includingLimited
                                                                               consolidated       a    and
                                                                                                      summary  the
                                                                                                         financial      entities
                                                                                                                         of             it
                                                                                                                              significant  controlled
                                                                                                                                                   accountingas  at  30    June
                                                                                                                                                                     policies        2018       and      its   financial
         In consolidated
            our    opinion, the      financial        statements,
                                           accompanying                       including         afinancial
                                                                                                    summary            ofstatements
                                                                                                                            significant           present fairly,
                                                                                                                                                 accounting              in all material respects,
                                                                                                                                                                  inpolicies
              performance
              the    financial         and
                                      position cash   offlows
                                                            Solution forconsolidated
                                                                            the    year then
                                                                             Dynamics                 endedand
                                                                                                 Limited
                                                                                                                  statements
                                                                                                                   in accordance
                                                                                                                         the
                                                                                                                                           present
                                                                                                                                 entities it    with    New          all material
                                                                                                                                                         fairly,Zealand
                                                                                                                                                    controlled      asinatall30Equivalents respects,
                                                                                                                                                                                    June 2018          toand   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  itsthe
              In
         financial our    opinion,
                         position       ofthe    accompanying
                                             Solution          Dynamics        consolidated
                                                                                   Limited       and    financial
                                                                                                         the    entities  statements
                                                                                                                                 it  controlled  presentas  atfairly,
                                                                                                                                                                30   June         material
                                                                                                                                                                               2018      and      respects,
                                                                                                                                                                                                  its   financial
                 our
            Infinancial opinion,
              International             the
                              performance      accompanying
                                      Financial and      Reportingcash       consolidated
                                                                              Standards
                                                                            flows      for   the  (NZ financial
                                                                                                     year IFRS)
                                                                                                             then       statements
                                                                                                                       issued
                                                                                                                        ended         by
                                                                                                                                      in       present
                                                                                                                                            the New Zealand
                                                                                                                                           accordance        fairly,
                                                                                                                                                                with  in  all  material
                                                                                                                                                                         Accounting
                                                                                                                                                                       New       Zealand        respects,
                                                                                                                                                                                                Standards
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Equivalents      the to
              financial position
         performance            and      cash      Solution
                                              of flows          for  Dynamics
                                                                     the     year        Limited
                                                                                      then     ended   and in  the      entities itwith
                                                                                                                accordance                 controlled
                                                                                                                                                  New        as at 30Equivalents
                                                                                                                                                           Zealand         June 2018 to         and its financial
            financial
              Board.
              International  position        of  Solution          Dynamics            Limited        and     the    entities
                                      Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS) issued by the New Zealand Accounting Standards Board.   it  controlled        as  at  30   June       2018       and     its   financial
              performance
         International                 and cash
                                Financial                 flows for the year (NZ
                                                  Reporting                                 thenIFRS) endedissued  in accordance                with New Zealand               Equivalents             to
            performance              and cash           flows forStandardsthe year then ended                    in accordance by the New     withZealand
                                                                                                                                                       New Zealand  Accounting
                                                                                                                                                                             Equivalents Standards   to
              International
         Board.                       Financial          Reporting            Standards           (NZ     IFRS)        issued         by    the   New      Zealand       Accounting             Standards
              Basisforfor
            International
              Board.
              Basis
                                       Opinion
                                     Financial
                                 Opinion
                                                       Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS) issued by the New Zealand Accounting Standards
            Board.
              We
              We conducted                our audit
                                                 audit in     in accordance
                                                                  accordance with         withInternational
                                                                                                   InternationalStandards    Standardson          onAuditing
                                                                                                                                                        Auditing(New (NewZealand)
                                                                                                                                                                                Zealand)(ISAs     (ISAs (NZ)) (NZ))
         Basis          for
                      conducted Opinion   our
              Basis
              issued
              issued by
            Basis
                           by for
                            for
                                 the   Opinion
                                        New
                                 theOpinion      Zealand            Audit      and     Assurance           Standards
                                        New Zealand Audit and Assurance Standards Board. Our responsibilities under those standardsBoard.        Our    responsibilities           under       those       standards
         Weare      further
               conducted          described
                                   our audit in       in the Auditor’swith            Responsibilities              for the Audit              of the consolidated               Financial         Statements
              are    further described                in accordance
                                                            the Auditor’s Responsibilities International for        Standards
                                                                                                                           the AuditonofAuditing               (New Zealand)
                                                                                                                                                  the consolidated             Financial  (ISAs       (NZ))
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Statements
              We
              section
         issued       conducted
                     by the of   our
                                  Newour  our
                                         report. audit
                                           Zealand     We    in   accordance
                                                                are   independent        with  ofInternational
                                                                                                    the    Group         inStandards
                                                                                                                              accordance         on    Auditing
                                                                                                                                                      with          (New
                                                                                                                                                              Professional    Zealand)
                                                                                                                                                                                    and          (ISAs
                                                                                                                                                                                            Ethical          (NZ))
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Standard
            We     conducted
              section       of our       report.audit We   inAudit      and Assurance
                                                                 accordance
                                                               are    independent      withof         Standards
                                                                                                International
                                                                                                    the   Group in         Board.
                                                                                                                         Standards
                                                                                                                             accordance   Ouronresponsibilities
                                                                                                                                                     Auditing     (Newunder
                                                                                                                                                     with Professional      Zealand)
                                                                                                                                                                                   and those       standards
                                                                                                                                                                                               (ISAs
                                                                                                                                                                                           Ethical         (NZ))
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Standard        1
              1  (Revised)
              issued       by      Code
                                 the    New         Ethics for
                                               ofZealand            AuditAssurance
                                                                              and            Practitioners
                                                                                       Assurance           Standards   issued         by theOur
                                                                                                                                   Board.         New       Zealand Auditing
                                                                                                                                                        responsibilities          under   and thoseAssurance
                                                                                                                                                                                                          standards
               furtherbydescribed
         areissued
              (Revised)        the
                                 Code New    of in  the Auditor’s
                                                Zealand
                                                 Ethics           Audit
                                                                for           Responsibilities
                                                                             and
                                                                     Assurance        Assurance
                                                                                           Practitioners     for the
                                                                                                          Standards issued  Audit
                                                                                                                                Board.
                                                                                                                                   by  ofthethe
                                                                                                                                              Our
                                                                                                                                                Newconsolidated
                                                                                                                                                      responsibilities
                                                                                                                                                         Zealand         Financial
                                                                                                                                                                      Auditing  under and Statements
                                                                                                                                                                                            those
                                                                                                                                                                                               Assurancestandards
              Standards
              are further         Board,
                                  described     andinwe          have
                                                            theindependent fulfilled
                                                                   Auditor’s              our other ethical
                                                                                      Responsibilities              for   responsibilities
                                                                                                                           the Audit of                 in  accordanceFinancial
                                                                                                                                                  theProfessional
                                                                                                                                                         consolidated            with these           requirements.
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Statements
         section
            are       of ourdescribed
                   further
              Standards           report.
                                  Board,        We
                                                and inaretheevidence
                                                         we       Auditor’s
                                                                 have      fulfilled    of
                                                                                         our the
                                                                                   Responsibilities  Group
                                                                                                 other           in
                                                                                                           ethicalfor accordance
                                                                                                                         the    Audit of
                                                                                                                          responsibilities     with    consolidated
                                                                                                                                                theappropriate
                                                                                                                                                       in accordance        and     Ethical
                                                                                                                                                                            Financial
                                                                                                                                                                                with    these      Standard
                                                                                                                                                                                               Statements
                                                                                                                                                                                                     requirements.    1
              We    believe
              sectionCode          that
                            of ourofreport. the   audit
                                                      We       are    independentwe     have      obtained
                                                                                               of the Group         is   sufficient
                                                                                                                        inby accordance      and     with Professional  to   provide        a
                                                                                                                                                                                   andAssurance basis
                                                                                                                                                                                           Ethical Standard for our 1
         (Revised)
            section
              We
              opinion.    of
                      believe  our  that   Ethics
                                       report.
                                            the     We
                                                   auditfor  areAssurance
                                                                    independent
                                                                evidence          we Practitioners
                                                                                        have of   the
                                                                                                   obtained  issued
                                                                                                         Group      isin          the
                                                                                                                            accordance
                                                                                                                         sufficient       New
                                                                                                                                            and    Zealand
                                                                                                                                                    with         Auditing
                                                                                                                                                           Professional
                                                                                                                                                    appropriate        to        and
                                                                                                                                                                                 and
                                                                                                                                                                           provide       Ethical
                                                                                                                                                                                           a   basis    Standard
                                                                                                                                                                                                          for    our     1
              (Revised)
         Standards               Code of Ethics                 forfulfilled
                                                                     Assurance             Practitioners            issued by the New                    Zealand Auditing             andrequirements.
                                                                                                                                                                                               Assurance
              opinion.Board,
            (Revised)          Code and           we have
                                           of Ethics         for Assurance         ourPractitioners
                                                                                          other      ethical issuedresponsibilities
                                                                                                                                 by the New      in accordance
                                                                                                                                                       Zealand Auditing  with these and Assurance
              Standards
              Our     firm that   Board,
                              carries the out   and evidence
                                                         we assignments
                                                                 have fulfilled          our     other ethical            responsibilities             in accordance           itwith   these for    requirements.
         WeStandards
               believe          Board,        andother
                                             audit     we have             we have
                                                                         fulfilled       for
                                                                                        our    Solution
                                                                                            obtained
                                                                                               other         isDynamics
                                                                                                         ethical  sufficient          Limited
                                                                                                                                     and
                                                                                                                        responsibilities             and
                                                                                                                                              appropriate   the toentities
                                                                                                                                                      in accordance  provide  with controlled
                                                                                                                                                                                    athese
                                                                                                                                                                                        basis           inourthe area of
                                                                                                                                                                                                   requirements.
              We
              taxation
         opinion.     believe       that
                              returns       the
                                            and    audit
                                                     advice.    evidence
                                                                     The     firm we    have
                                                                                      has    no    obtained
                                                                                                    other           is
                                                                                                              interests  sufficient
                                                                                                                                  in  the   and
                                                                                                                                              Group.appropriate        to  provide         a   basis      for    our
            WeOurbelieve
                      firm carriesthat the  outaudit
                                                   otherevidenceassignments    we have           obtainedDynamics
                                                                                         for Solution             is sufficient            and appropriate
                                                                                                                                     Limited        and the entities to provide          a basisinfor
                                                                                                                                                                              it controlled               theour area of
              opinion.
            opinion.
              taxation returns and advice. The firm has no other interests in the Group.
         OurKey firmAudit
                        carriesMattersout other assignments for Solution Dynamics Limited and the entities it controlled in the area of
              Our firm
         taxation             carries
                        returns       and   out    other
                                              advice.           assignments
                                                               The     firm hasthat,   noforother
                                                                                               Solution
                                                                                                  ourinterests Dynamics   in the     Limited
                                                                                                                                       Group.and    andwerethe entities       itsignificance
                                                                                                                                                                                  controlled ininthe             area    of
              Key
              Key
            Our
              taxation    Audit
                      audit
                    firm        matters
                            carries
                              returns
              of the consolidated
                                          Matters
                                           out
                                            and
                                                are
                                                 other  those
                                                     advice.
                                                              assignments
                                                   financialThe
                                                                    matters
                                                                    The      firm
                                                                     statements
                                                                                       for
                                                                                      has
                                                                                              in
                                                                                             Solution
                                                                                             no
                                                                                            of the  other
                                                                                                         professional
                                                                                                             Dynamics
                                                                                                       currentinterestsperiod.   in
                                                                                                                                    judgement,
                                                                                                                                   Limited
                                                                                                                                      the
                                                                                                                                       These Group.
                                                                                                                                                                 of most
                                                                                                                                                          the entities      it controlled
                                                                                                                                                    matters were addressed in the context of
                                                                                                                                                                                                    in theour   areaaudit
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        of
            taxation        returns and advice.                            firm has no           other      interests          in the      Group.
         Key Audit Matters
              our
              Key    audit
                       audit    of   the
                                matters     consolidated
                                                are     those          financial
                                                                    matters             statements
                                                                                    that,    in  our          as    a
                                                                                                         professional  whole,          and
                                                                                                                                   judgement,  in        were our
                                                                                                                                                   forming             opinion
                                                                                                                                                                 of most             thereon, in
                                                                                                                                                                               significance            and our        do of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                weaudit
              Key
              not
              the
            Key           Audit
                     provide
                     consolidated    a separate
                         Audit Matters    Matters
                                              financial   opinion         on these
                                                                 statements           of    matters.
                                                                                           the    current       period.         These         matters       were    addressed           in   the     context        of  our
         Keyaudit
                auditofmatters            are those matters
                             the consolidated                  financialthat,          in our professional
                                                                               statements            as a whole,judgement,   and in forming       were   ourof opinion
                                                                                                                                                                most significance
                                                                                                                                                                            thereon, and        in ourwe audit
                                                                                                                                                                                                             do notof
              Key
         theKey        audit matters
               consolidated                     are those
                                        financial        statements matters         that,
                                                                               ofthat,
                                                                                     the in  in our professional
                                                                                            current       period. These            judgement,
                                                                                                                                       matters were      were of most significance                     in our      audit of
                    auditamatters
              provide           separate      are    those
                                                  opinion          matters
                                                                   on these         matters.    our professional                 judgement,            were addressed             in the context
                                                                                                                                                                of most significance                 in our   of audit
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  our     of
         auditthe    consolidated             financial          statements           of   the    current      period.          These         matters       were    addressed           in   the     context
                                                                                                                                                                                                      do notofofour     our
            theof      the consolidated
                   consolidated             financial  financial
                                                               statementsstatements of theas         a whole,
                                                                                                current       period.and These in forming   matters our opinion       thereon, in
                                                                                                                                                          were addressed              and  thewe   context
              auditaofseparate
         provide             the consolidated
                                            opinion on         financial       statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
                                                                  these statements
                                                                              matters.
            audit of       the consolidated                 financial                               as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
              provide a separate opinion on these matters.
            provide a separate opinion on these matters.




               Chartered Accountants and Business Advisers
               Member of Grant Thornton International Ltd

         Chartered Accountants and Business Advisers
         Member  of GrantAccountants
               Chartered  Thornton International Ltd Advisers
                                      and Business
            Chartered  Accountants
               Member of            and Business
                          Grant Thornton           Advisers
                                         International Ltd
            Member of Grant Thornton International Ltd
| 16 |
                                                             OUR PROCEDURES TO ADDRESS
KEY AUDIT MATTER                                             THE KEY AUDIT MATTER

Carrying Value of Goodwill                                   In this area our audit procedures included assessment of
                                                             forecast and budgeting procedures as a basis for value
The Group has significant goodwill of $1,061,000 of
                                                             in use calculations. We also compared management’s
which $938,000 derives from historical acquisitions
                                                             historical budget to actual performance and future
of businesses controlled by Dejar Holdings Ltd and
                                                             projections compared to prior year actual and testing
Bremy Ltd. We considered the goodwill relating to these
                                                             reasonableness of forecasting assumptions. In addition,
business acquisitions to be a key audit matter. Goodwill
                                                             we performed our own assessments in relation to key
is allocated across its software cash generating units.
                                                             inputs such as projected revenue growth, cost and
Any risk of downturn in the macroeconomic environment
                                                             overhead inflation and discount rates. We have used our
could result in an indicator of impairment in goodwill.
                                                             own valuation specialist to evaluate the reasonableness
The inherent uncertainty involved in forecasting
                                                             of the assumptions and methodologies adopted
and discounting future cash flows is one of the key
                                                             including discount rates used by the Group. We also
judgement areas that the audit is concentrated on. The
                                                             assessed whether the Group’s disclosures about the
uncertainty is affected by a number of factors including
                                                             value in use calculation including sensitivity in key
general market trends, the number of new customs for
                                                             assumptions reflected the risks inherent in the valuation
the technology solutions, expectation of future growth in
                                                             of goodwill.
demand for the software solutions, which form the basis
for the assessment of recoverability.                        For newly acquired goodwill refer to the key audit matter
                                                             on Business Combinations.
Goodwill additions of $123,000 during the year arose
from two new business acquisitions. Note 19 and note
33 provides disclosures on the business combinations.


Accuracy of revenue                                          In this area our audit procedures included evaluating
                                                             the Group’s recognition of revenue by assessing the
The Group has revenue of approximately $23m
                                                             procedures and controls that the Group has in place
principally comprising sale of goods and rendering of
                                                             and that appropriate revenue recognition policies have
services under contract. The principal risk associated
                                                             been applied. In relation to sales cut-off, we performed
with revenue associated with its commercial operations,
                                                             detailed substantive testing on sales recognised or
relates to its recognition and recoverability. There are a
                                                             adjusted either side of year end to substantiate that the
number of factors that could affect this amount.
                                                             appropriate terms of the relevant contracts had been
•    Delivery may not have occurred before year end          satisfied. Our audit work included assessing the stage
     which would allow the goods to be recorded as a         of completion of any significant projects including the
     sale in line with the revenue recognition policy.       delivery of the goods to ensure that the risks and rewards
                                                             associated with the contract had been passed to the
•    Revenues recognised from contracts may not              customer, including obtaining evidence of post year end
     be appropriate with reference to the stage of           cash which provided evidence as to validity of debtors at
     completion. Stages of completion may include            the year end.
     estimates and judgements that impact the amount
     of revenue recognised.


Business Combinations                                        The procedures we performed to conclude on the
- valuation of investments in new businesses                 business combinations included:
                                                             Understanding the sale and purchase agreements for
During the reporting year 30 June 2018 the Group             each acquisition, critically assessing the approach and
acquired two new businesses, Scantech Limited and            assumptions used to identify and value all the intangible
DigitalToPrint Inc. Net assets acquired of $1.0m             assets present in these business combinations as well
and other disclosures can be seen in Note 33. We             as the other tangible assets. We evaluated and tested
considered the measurement, recognition and                  the Directors estimates and judgements surrounding
disclosure of these business acquisitions to be a key        contingent consideration elements arising from future
audit matter.                                                expected payments ‘earn-out’ to vendors based upon
                                                             achieving specific sales targets over the following
                                                             12 month period from the acquisition date. We also
                                                             assessed a range of possible outcomes and challenged
                                                             assumptions made by Directors and whether there
                                                             are indicators of impairment in respect of any of these
                                                             investments.




                                                                                                                          | 17 |
                                                                                                                                                                                      Grant Thornton New Zealand
          Independent Auditor’s Report
         Independent Auditor’s Report
                                                                                                         Grant Thornton New Zealand
                                                                                                         Audit Partnership
                                                                                                                                                                                      Audit Partnership

                                                                                                                       L4, Grant Thornton House
           Other Information
                                                                                                         L4, Grant Thornton House

                                                                                                                       152 Fanshawe Street
                                                                                                         152 Fanshawe Street
                                                                                                         PO Box 1961
                                                                                                         Auckland 1140
                                                                                                                       PO Box 1961
           The directors are responsible for all other informationTF +64
                                                                      included
                                                                         9 308 2570
                                                                     +64 9 309 4892
                                                                                    in the Group’s Annual Report. The other
                                                                                                                       Auckland 1140
           information comprises the management discussion and          analysis and the statement of corporate governance
                                                                www.grantthornton.co.nz


           included in the annual report, but does not include the financial statements and our auditor’s reportTthereon.
                                                                                                                   +64 9 308 2570
                                                                                                                                                                                      F +64 9 309 4892
         To the Shareholders of Solution Dynamics Limited                                                  www.grantthornton.co.nz
          Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
         Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
          express any form of audit opinion or assurance conclusion thereon.
         Opinion
           In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
           To the Shareholders                                      of Solution       whetherDynamics                             Limited
         We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Solution Dynamics Limited (the Group) on pages xx to
           information             and, in doing so, consider                                             the other information
         yy which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2018 and the consolidated                    is materially inconsistent with the
           consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
         statement of profit or loss, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of
         changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the
           misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
         consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies
         InReport               on the
           other      information,
            our opinion, the accompanying
                                              weAudit
                                                    arefinancial
                                            consolidated         of
                                                           required      the
                                                                  statements
                                                                              to     Consolidated
                                                                                   report
                                                                                present  fairly, in all material respects, the Financial Statements
                                                                                                   that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
         financial position of Solution Dynamics Limited and the entities it controlled as at 30 June 2018 and its financial
         performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with New Zealand Equivalents to

           Opinion
         International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS) issued by the New Zealand Accounting Standards
         Board.
           Directors’ responsibilities for the consolidated Financial Statements
         Basis for Opinion
           The
           We have  Directors   audited  are the responsible
                                                         consolidated       on behalffinancial  of the        Group forofthe
                                                                                                       statements                          preparation
                                                                                                                                       Solution     Dynamics  and Limited
                                                                                                                                                                   fair presentation
                                                                                                                                                                              (the Group)of the
                                                                                                                                                                                              on pages xx to
         We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (ISAs (NZ))
           consolidated
         issued  by the New comprise
           yy which                      financial
                               Zealand Audit   andthe             Standards Board. in
                                                             statements
                                                            consolidated
                                                     Assurance                        Our  accordance
                                                                                         statement                   with
                                                                                                               of financial
                                                                                           responsibilities under   those                 Zealand
                                                                                                                                 Newposition
                                                                                                                            standards                    at 30 June to
                                                                                                                                                    asequivalents           International
                                                                                                                                                                         2018               Financial
                                                                                                                                                                                and the consolidated
         are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the consolidated Financial Statements
           Reporting
           statement
         section
                                 Standards
                  of our report. We    profit
                                  of are                 issued
                                                   or loss,
                                          independent
                                                                         by    the Newstatement
                                                                    consolidated
                                                          of the Group
                                                                                                  Zealand
                                                                         in accordance with Professional
                                                                                                                     Accounting
                                                                                                                       of Standard
                                                                                                              and Ethical    comprehensive
                                                                                                                                       1
                                                                                                                                            Standards         Board,
                                                                                                                                                        income,         and for such
                                                                                                                                                                    consolidated        internal control
                                                                                                                                                                                     statement     of
           as    the
         (Revised)
           changes
         Standards
                     CodeDirectors            determine
                            of Ethics for Assurance
                               in we
                      Board, and     equity       and
                                       have fulfilled
                                                       Practitionersis
                                                      our other
                                                                           necessary
                                                                       issued
                                                            consolidated
                                                                              by the New Zealand
                                                                                        statement
                                                                  ethical responsibilities
                                                                                                 to  enable
                                                                                                     Auditing
                                                                                           in accordance with
                                                                                                                and Assurance
                                                                                                               ofthesethe
                                                                                                                   cash                             of  consolidated       financial  statements
                                                                                                                                flows for the year then ended, and notes to the that are
                                                                                                                                preparation
                                                                                                                        requirements.
         Wefree
             believefrom
                       that the material
                                audit evidence we misstatement,
                                                      have obtained is sufficientwhether
                                                                                    and appropriate due       to afraud
                                                                                                     to provide                  or error.
                                                                                                                     basis for our
           consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies
         opinion.

           Infirmpreparing
          An                          the     consolidated                   financial          statements,                the directors           areand
                                                                                                                                                        responsible       on behalf of the Group for
           In audit
         Our       carriesalso
                 our     opinion,  includes
                            out other
                                           the
                                       assignmentsevaluating
                                                   accompanying                Limited and the entitiesof
                                                                      the appropriateness
                                                      for Solution Dynamics
                                                                                    consolidated               accounting
                                                                                                                financial
                                                                                                          it controlled  in the areapolicies
                                                                                                                                    statements
                                                                                                                                      of       used        the
                                                                                                                                                      present     fairly, in all material respects, the
           assessing
          reasonableness
         taxation                 the
                   returns and advice.   Group’s
                                      of The  firm has no ability
                                          accounting           estimates,  toincontinue
                                                             other interests
                                                                                  as well as as
                                                                                the Group.               a going
                                                                                                   evaluating         theconcern,            disclosing,
                                                                                                                               overall presentation            as applicable, matters related to going
                                                                                                                                                           of the
           financial and
           concern            position using    ofthe Solution
                                                             goingDynamics concern basis       Limited          and the entities
                                                                                                         of accounting                   unlessit controlled
                                                                                                                                                   the directors as ateither
                                                                                                                                                                         30 June   2018
                                                                                                                                                                              intend       and its financial
                                                                                                                                                                                       to liquidate    the
          consolidated
         Key     Audit Matters   financial       statements.
           performance
           Group          or    to      and
                                     cease       cash        flows
                                                   operations,            foror the
                                                                                  have  year  no  then
                                                                                                    realisticended    alternative
         Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of
                                                                                                                             in   accordancebut   to  with
                                                                                                                                                       do    New
                                                                                                                                                            so.     Zealand     Equivalents    to
           International
         the
          Our                          Financial
             consolidated financial statements              Reporting
                                                    of the current   period. TheseStandards             (NZinIFRS)
                                                                                     matters were addressed        the context issued
                                                                                                                                  of our
                                                                                                                                         andbythethe    New  it Zealand Accounting Standards
         audit of firm     carriesfinancial
                  the consolidated      out other
                                                statementsassignments
                                                              as a whole, and in for   Solution
                                                                                   forming            Dynamics
                                                                                            our opinion  thereon, and we   Limited
                                                                                                                              do not               entities
           Board. in the area of taxation advice. The firm has no other interest in Solution
          controlled
         provide  a separate    opinion on  these  matters.

           Auditor’s
          Dynamics                 responsibilities
                             Limited        and the entities itfor               the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            controlled.
           Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free
           Basis
           from       material
                              for Opinion
                                        misstatement,                    whether           due toisfraud              or error,          and to issue       an auditor’s report that includes our
          We     believe      that the       audit evidence we                have obtained                 sufficient         and appropriate        to provide
          aopinion.
           We
            basisconducted
                      for our Reasonable
                                     auditour           assurance
                                                    audit
                                              opinion.          in accordance   is a high         level
                                                                                               with           of assurance,
                                                                                                        International                      but is not
                                                                                                                                     Standards        on aAuditing
                                                                                                                                                              guarantee (Newthat an audit(ISAs
                                                                                                                                                                               Zealand)      conducted
                                                                                                                                                                                                  (NZ))
           in   accordance                with
         Chartered Accountants and Business Advisers
                                                     ISAs        (NZ)       will   always         detect          a
           issued by the New Zealand Audit and Assurance Standards Board. Our responsibilities under those standards
         Member of Grant Thornton International Ltd                                                                   material           misstatement         when    it exists. Misstatements        can
           arise      from        fraud       or    error       and       are    considered              material             if, individually       or   in the  aggregate,     they   could   reasonably
           are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the consolidated Financial Statements
          Opinion
           beour
          In      expected
                      opinion,         to influence               the economic financial        decisions of users                       taken    ontothe    basis of these consolidated financial
           section          of ourthereport. accompanyingWe areconsolidatedindependent of thestatements            Group inonaccordance   pages 15       45
                                                                                                                                                          with Professional and Ethical Standard 1
           statements.
          present       fairly,     in  all  material        respects,       the    financial      position        of   Solution         Dynamics     Limited
           (Revised) Code of Ethics for Assurance Practitioners issued by the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance
          and
           A     the entities
               further                it controlled as
                               description                        at auditor’s
                                                                       30 June 2016            and their financial         forperformance          and   cash
           Standards               Board, andofwe             the  have fulfilled         responsibilities
                                                                                               our other ethical                   the    audit of
                                                                                                                                    responsibilities  the   financial
                                                                                                                                                            in accordancestatements    is located
                                                                                                                                                                                with these          on the
                                                                                                                                                                                              requirements.
          flows
           External for the       year then ended
                              Reporting             Board’s     in accordance
                                                                       website           withttps://www.xrb.govt.nz/standards-for-assurance-practitioners/auditors-
                                                                                        at:       New Zealand Equivalents to International
           We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
          Financial        Reporting Standards.
           responsibilities/audit-report-1/
           opinion.

         Our firm carries
         Restriction
         Restriction onon out
                            ofother
                          use
                        use    of
                               ourourassignments
                                       report for Solution Dynamics Limited and the entities it controlled in the area of
                                    report
         This  report
          taxation
          This        is made
                     returns
                 report        solely  to theto
                               andsolely
                         is made      advice.    The  firm shareholders,
                                               Company’s
                                                 the Group’s                        asOur
                                                                              a body.
                                                                           as interests
                                                            has shareholders,
                                                                  no other                  audit
                                                                                        ainbody.  work
                                                                                                   Our has
                                                                                             the Group.audit work has been undertaken so that
         been  undertaken
          we might     statesoto
                               that  weGroup’s
                                   the   might state  to the Company’s
                                                   shareholders,      as ashareholders,
                                                                            body thoseasmatters,
                                                                                             a body those
                                                                                                       which we are required to state to them
         matters
          Key which
          in an auditor’s
          assumeTo
         purpose.
                   Audit  we are
                             report
                    responsibility
                                       andtoforstate
                                  required
                              Matters   to permitted
                       the fullest extent   anyone other
                                                        thempurpose.
                                                 no tother    in an auditor’s
                                                       by law,than
                                                               we dothe
                                                                          To the
                                                                       notGroup
                                                                               report and for
                                                                                  fullest
                                                                           accept or
                                                                                   andassume
                                                                                               no other
                                                                                            extent  permitted by law, we do not accept or
                                                                                               responsibility as a body, for our audit work, for
                                                                                         its shareholders,
         to anyone
          this
          Key       other
                report
                 audit  or than    areCompany
                                 the
                            for the
                       matters        opinion     andhave
                                                 we
                                        those matters the Company’s
                                                            formed.
                                                           that,  in ourshareholders,
                                                                          professional as ajudgement,
                                                                                            body, for ourwere of most significance in our audit of
         audit  work, for
          the consolidatedthis report  or
                                 financial for the opinion
                                             statements     we  have  formed.
          Grant    Thornton New          Zealand     Audit of   the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our
                                                             Partnership
           audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
           provide a separate opinion on these matters.


          K T Price
         Grant Thornton New Zealand Audit Partnership
          Partner
         Auckland,
          Auckland,New
                     NewZealand
                           Zealand
         19 September 2016
          30 August 2018


           Chartered Accountants and Business Advisers
           Member of Grant Thornton International Ltd




| 18 |
Solution Dynamics Limited

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
for the year ended 30 June 2018




                                                                                                  2012
                                                                                                   2018     2017
                                                                                      NOTE        $000
                                                                                                   $000     $000


Revenue                                                                                       4    22,383   19,788
Other revenue                                                                                 4      349      203
		 22,732                                                                                                   19,991
Expenses                                                                                      5    20,459   17,904
Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation & amortisation (EBITDA)		                               2,273    2,087
			
Depreciation                                                                             17          208      208
Amortisation of intangible assets (software)                                             18          161       78
Net interest (income)                                                                         7       (5)      (1)
Profit before income tax		                                                                          1,909    1,802
			
Income tax                                                                                    8      577      492
Net profit after income tax		                                                                       1,332    1,310


		 Cents                                                                                                    Cents
Basic earnings per share                                                                      9       9.3      9.3
Diluted earnings per share                                                                    9       9.1      8.9




Solution Dynamics Limited

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
for the year ended 30 June 2018


                                                                                                  2012
                                                                                                   2018     2017
                                                                                                  $000
                                                                                                   $000     $000

Net profit after income tax		                                                                       1,332    1,310

Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:			
Exchange gain on translation of foreign operations		                                                  (9)       1
Other comprehensive (loss)/income net of tax		                                                        (9)       1

Total comprehensive income for the year		                                                           1,323    1,311




The accompanying notes on pages 21 - 45 form part of the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                     | 19 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited

         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
         as at 30 June 2018




                                                                                                           2012
                                                                                                            2018      2017
                                                                                               NOTE        $000
                                                                                                            $000      $000


         Current Assets			
         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                10         1,956     2,080
         Trade & other receivables                                                                13         2,902     2,366
         Inventories and work in progress                                                         11           183       152
         Prepayments		 131                                                                                                  96
         Total Current Assets		                                                                              5,172     4,694

         Current Liabilities			
         Trade creditors		                                                                                   1,871     1,428
         Other current liabilities                                                                14         1,245       903
         Other non-financial liabilities                                                          15           444       405
         Employee benefit liabilities                                                             16           472       447
         Total Current Liabilities		                                                                         4,032     3,183

         Working Capital		                                                                                   1,140     1,511

         Non-Current Assets			
         Deferred tax (liability) asset                                                                8       (24)      108
         Capital works in progress		                                                                            61          73
         Property, plant & equipment                                                              17           594       595
         Intangible assets                                                                        18         1,179       294
         Goodwill                                                                                 19         1,061       938
         Total Non-Current Assets		                                                                          2,871     2,008

         Net Assets		                                                                                        4,011     3,519

         Equity			
         Share capital                                                                            20         5,357     5,169
         Employee share option plan                                                               31            28       113
         Foreign currency translation reserve		                                                                 (8)         1
         Accumulated losses                                                                       21        (1,366)   (1,764)
         Total Equity		                                                                                      4,011     3,519

         For and on behalf of the Board who approved these consolidated financial statements for issue on 30 August 2018.
         		




         John McMahon – Director (Chairman)		Nelson Siva – Director (CEO)




         The accompanying notes on pages 21 - 45 form part of the consolidated financial statements.




| 20 |
Solution Dynamics Limited

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
for the year ended 30 June 2018




                                                                                      CURRENCY
                                                             SHARE      EMPLOYEE    TRANSLATION     ACCUMULATED      TOTAL
                                                            CAPITAL    SHARE PLAN      RESERVE           LOSSES     EQUITY

                                                           $000          $000          $000             $000      $000


Balance 1 July 2016		                                       5,169             77                -      (2,266)     2,980
Issue of shares to employees		                                   -            36                -            -        36
Transactions with owners		                                       -            36               -             -        36
Profit for the year after tax		                                  -              -               -       1,310      1,310
Dividend paid		 -                                                               -               -        (808)     (808)
Other comprehensive income		                                     -              -              1             -          1
Total comprehensive income		                                     -              -              1          502        503

Balance 30 June 2017		                                      5,169           113                1       (1,764)     3,519


Exercise of employee share options		                          188          (108)                -         108        188
Issue of shares to employees		                                   -            23               -             -        23
Transactions with owners		                                    188           (85)               -          108        211

Profit for the year after tax		                                  -              -              -        1,332      1,332
Dividend paid		                                                  -              -              -       (1,042)    (1,042)
Other comprehensive (loss)		                                     -              -             (9)            -        (9)
Total comprehensive income		                                     -              -             (9)         290        281

Balance 30 June 2018		                                      5,357             28              (8)      (1,366)     4,011




The accompanying notes on pages 21 - 45 form part of the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                             | 21 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited

         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
         for the year ended 30 June 2018




                                                                                                       2012
                                                                                                        2018     2017
                                                                                               NOTE    $000
                                                                                                        $000     $000


         Cash Flow From Operating Activities			
         Cash was provided from:			
         Receipts from sales		                                                                          25,041   22,339
         Other revenue		                                                                                  293      131
         		 25,334                                                                                               22,470
         Cash was applied to:			
         Payments to suppliers		                                                                        15,830   13,543
         Payments to employees		                                                                         6,621    6,091
         GST paid to Inland Revenue		                                                                    1,261    1,155
         		 23,712                                                                                               20,789

         Net Cash Inflow From Operating Activities                                                23     1,622    1,681

         Cash Flow From Investing Activities			
         Cash was applied to:			
         Purchase of property, plant and equipment & capital works in progress		                          120      112
         Purchase of software & intangible assets		                                                        68       94
         Payments for businesses acquired                                                         33      712         -
         		 900                                                                                                    206

         Net Cash Outflow From Investing Activities		                                                    (900)    (206)

         Cash Flow from Financing Activities			
         Cash was provided from:			
         Exercise of employee share options		                                                             188         -
         Interest received		                                                                                5        6
         		193                                                                                                       6
         Cash was applied to:			
         Payment of dividends		                                                                          1,039     808
         Interest paid		                                                                                     -       5
         Finance lease liabilities secured on equipment		                                                    -      10
         		1,039                                                                                                   823

         Net Cash (Outflow) From Financing Activities		                                                  (846)    (817)
         Net change in cash and cash equivalents		                                                       (124)     658
         Add cash and cash equivalents held at beginning of year		                                       2,080    1,422
         Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                                 10     1,956    2,080




         The accompanying notes on pages 21 - 45 form part of the consolidated financial statements.




| 22 |
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
         for the year ended 30 June 2018

1.	      CORPORATE INFORMATION
         The consolidated financial statements of Solution Dynamics Limited (SDL or Company) and its subsidiaries,
         Solution Dynamics International Limited, Solution dynamics Incorporated and Déjar International Limited
         (collectively the Group) for the year ended 30 June 2018 were authorised for issue in accordance with a
         resolution of directors on 30 August 2018.
         Solution Dynamics Limited is a public company incorporated and domiciled in New Zealand and is listed
         with the New Zealand Stock Exchange on the NZAX. The registered office is located at 18 Canaveral Drive,
         Albany in Auckland.
         The Group offers a range of integrated solutions encompassing data management, electronic digital printing,
         document distribution, web presentment and archiving, fulfilment, traditional print services, scanning, data
         entry and document management.


2.	      SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
2.1      Statement of Compliance
         The consolidated financial statements of the Group comply with New Zealand Equivalents to International
         Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS).
2.2      Basis of Preparation
2.2.1    Basis of Preparation
         The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis but modified,
         where applicable, by the measurement of fair value of selected financial assets and financial liabilities. The
         consolidated financial statements have also been prepared on the basis that the Group operates on a going
         concern basis. Accounting policies are selected and applied in a manner which ensures that the resulting
         financial information satisfies the concepts of relevance and reliability, thereby ensuring that the substance of
         the underlying transactions or other events is reported. The principal accounting policies are set out below.
2.2.2    Basis of Consolidation
         The financial statements have been prepared in compliance with generally accepted accounting practice in
         New Zealand (NZ GAAP), the Companies Act 1993, The financial Reporting Act 2013 and other authoritative
         pronouncements issued by the New Zealand Accounting Standards Board (NZ ASB). For the purposes of
         complying with NZ GAAP the Group is a for-profit entity that has followed the Tier 1 for – profit reporting
         requirements set out by the External Reporting Board, in its “Accounting Standards Framework.”
         All subsidiaries have a 30 June reporting date and consistent accounting policies are applied.
         The acquisition method is used to prepare the consolidated financial statements, which involves adding
         together like items of assets, liabilities, income and expenses on a line-by-line basis. All transactions and
         balances between Group companies are eliminated on consolidation, including unrealised gains and losses
         on transactions between Group companies.
2.2.3    Rounding of Amounts
         Amounts in the consolidated financial statements have been rounded off to the nearest $000 unless
         otherwise specified.




SPECIFIC ACCOUNTING POLICIES
The following specific accounting policies, which significantly affect the measurement of financial performance,
financial position and cash flows, have been applied.
2.3      Foreign Currency
2.3.1    Functional and Presentation Currency
         Items included in the consolidated financial statements are measured using the currency of the primary
         economic environment in which the entity operates (the ‘functional currency’). The consolidated financial
         statements are presented in New Zealand dollars, which is the Group’s functional and presentational
         currency.




                                                                                                                             | 23 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2018


         2.3.2   Transaction and Balances
                 Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at
                 the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting
                 date are retranslated to the functional currency at the exchange rate at that date. Foreign exchange gains and
                 losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions are accounted for in the Consolidated Statement of
                 Comprehensive Income.
         2.4     Revenue Recognition
                 Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. Revenue is reduced for
                 estimated customer returns, rebates and other similar allowances.
         2.4.1   Sale of Goods
                 Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when all the following conditions are satisfied:
                 •    the Group has transferred to the buyer the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods;
                 •    the Group retains neither continuing managerial involvement to the degree usually associated with
                      ownership nor effective control over the goods sold;
                 •    the amount of revenue can be measured reliably;
                 •    it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the transaction will flow to the entity; and
                 •    the costs incurred or to be incurred in respect of the transaction can be measured reliably.
         2.4.2   Rendering of Services
                 Revenue from a contract to provide services is recognised by reference to the stage of completion of the
                 contract. The stage of completion of the contract is determined with reference to the contractual rates, labour
                 hours and direct expenses as these are incurred.
         2.4.3   Interest Revenue
                 Interest revenue is accrued on a time basis, by reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective
                 interest rate applicable, which is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the
                 expected life of the financial asset to that asset’s net carrying amount.
         2.4.4   Government Grants
                 Government grants are recognised as revenue when the conditions attached to the grant have been met.
                 Where there are unfilled conditions attaching to the grant, the amount relating to the unfilled condition is
                 recognised as a liability and released to revenue as the conditions are met.
         2.5     Leases
                 Leases are classified as finance leases whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and
                 rewards of ownership to the lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases.
         2.5.1   The Group as Lessor
                 Rental income from operating leases is recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease.
                 Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount
                 of the leased asset and recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
         2.5.2   The Group as Lessee
                 Assets held under finance leases are initially recognised as assets of the Group at their fair value at the
                 inception of the lease or, if lower, at the present value of the minimum lease payments. The corresponding
                 liability to the lessor is included in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as a finance lease
                 obligation.
                 Lease payments are apportioned between finance charges and reduction of the lease obligation so as to
                 achieve a constant rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability. Finance charges are charged
                 directly to the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.
                 Operating lease payments are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term, except
                 where another systematic basis is more representative of the time pattern in which economic benefits from the
                 leased asset are consumed.




| 24 |
        In the event that lease incentives are received to enter into operating leases, such incentives are recognised
        as a liability. The aggregate benefit of incentives is recognised as a reduction of rental expense on a straight-
        line basis, except where another systematic basis is more representative of the time pattern in which
        economic benefits from the leased asset are consumed.
2.6     Employment Benefits
        The Group recognises liabilities for benefits accruing to employees in respect of wages and salaries, annual
        leave, long service leave and sick leave when it is probable that settlement will be required, and they are
        capable of being measured reliably.
        Provisions made in respect of employee benefits expected to be settled within 12-months of each reporting
        date are measured at their nominal values using the remuneration rate expected to apply at the time of
        settlement.
        Provisions made in respect of employee benefits which are not expected to be settled within 12-months of
        each reporting date are measured as the present value of the estimated future cash outflows to be made by
        the Group in respect of services provided by employees up to the reporting date.
2.7     Share-based Payments
        Equity-settled share-based payments to employees are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments
        at the grant date. Details regarding equity settled share-based transactions is set out in note 31.
        The fair value determined at the grant date of the equity settled share-based payments is expensed on a
        straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will
        eventually vest. At each reporting date, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments
        expected to vest.
        The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in the Consolidated Statement of
        Profit or Loss over the remaining period, with a corresponding adjustment to the equity-settled employee
        benefits reserve.
2.8     Taxation
        Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.
2.8.1   Current Tax
        The tax currently payable is based on the taxable profit for each reporting period. The taxable income or
        loss differs from the amount as reported in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss because it excludes
        items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and it further excludes items that are
        never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been
        enacted or substantively enacted by the financial year end, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of
        previous years.
2.8.2   Deferred Tax
        Deferred tax is recognised on differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the
        financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit and is
        accounted for using the liability method. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable
        temporary differences, and deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary
        differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those
        deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such assets and liabilities are not recognised if
        the temporary difference arises from goodwill or from the initial recognition (other than in a business
        combination) of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the
        accounting profit.
        Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
        subsidiaries and associates, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary
        difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred
        tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments and interests are
        only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to
        utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.




                                                                                                                            | 25 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2018

                  The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that
                  it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be
                  recovered.
                  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in
                  which the liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
                  substantively enacted at each reporting date. The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects
                  the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the reporting date, to
                  recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.
                  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax
                  assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
                  authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.
         2.8.3    Current and Deferred Tax for Each Reporting Period
                  Current and deferred tax are recognised as income or an expense within the Consolidated Statement of Profit
                  or Loss, except when they relate to items credited or debited directly to equity, in which case the tax is also
                  recognised directly in equity, or where they arise from the initial accounting for a business combination. In the
                  case of a business combination, the tax effect is taken into account in calculating goodwill or in determining
                  the excess of the acquirer’s interest in the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets, liabilities and
                  contingent liabilities over the cost of the business combination.
         2.9      Goods and Services Tax (GST)
                  Revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities are recognised net of the amount of goods and service tax (GST),
                  except:
                  •    where the amount of GST incurred is not recovered from the taxation authority, it is recognised as part of
                       the cost of acquisition of an asset or as part of an item of expense; or
                  •    for receivables and payables which are recognised inclusive of GST.
                  The net amount of GST recoverable from, or payable to, Inland Revenue is included as part of receivables or
                  payables.
         2.10     Property, Plant and Equipment
                  Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment
                  losses, if any. Cost includes all expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. Software
                  that is integral to the functionality of the related equipment is capitalised as part of the asset.
                  Depreciation is charged so as to write off the cost of assets over their estimated useful lives, using the
                  straight-line method. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the
                  end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.
                  The principal depreciation rates used in the reporting periods are:
                  •    Leasehold Improvements                          6.5 – 7.8%
                  •    Furniture and Fittings                          8.5 – 39.6%
                  •    Plant and Machinery                             7.0 - 30.0%
                  •    Computer Equipment                              20.0 – 36.0%
                  Assets held under finance leases are depreciated over their expected useful lives on the same basis as owned
                  assets or, where shorter, the term of the relevant lease.
                  The gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is
                  determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is
                  recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.
         2.11     Intangible Assets
         2.11.1   Intangible Assets Acquired with a Finite Life
                  Intangible assets with a finite life, acquired separately are reported at cost less accumulated amortisation and
                  accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation is charged on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful
                  lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each annual reporting
                  period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.




| 26 |
2.11.2   Internally-Generated Intangible Assets with a Finite Life
         Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or
         Loss in the period in which it is incurred.
         An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development (or from the development phase of an
         internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:
         •    the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;
         •    the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;
         •    the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;
         •    how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;
         •    the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to
              use or sell the intangible asset; and
         •    the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development.
         The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible assets is the sum of the expenditure
         incurred from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no
         internally generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is charged as an expense
         to the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss in the period in which it is incurred.
         Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less
         accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets
         acquired separately.
         Amortisation is charged on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of internally generated
         intangible assets. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each annual
         reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.
2.11.3   Subsequent Measurement
         All intangible assets, including capitalised internally developed software, are accounted for using the cost
         model whereby capitalised costs are amortised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, as
         these assets are considered finite. Residual values and useful lives are reviewed at each reporting date. In
         addition, they are subject to impairment testing as described in Note 2.13. The following useful lives are
         applied:
         • Software 3-5 years.
2.11.4   Intangible Assets Acquired in Business Combination
         Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are identified and recognised separately from goodwill
         where they satisfy the definition of an intangible asset, are identifiable and their fair values can be measured
         reliably. The cost of such intangible assets is their fair value at the acquisition date.
         Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination are reported at cost
         less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets
         acquired separately.
         • Customer contracts 3-4 years.
2.12     Goodwill
         Goodwill arising on the acquisition of a “business” as defined in NZ IFRS 3 Business Combinations
         represents the excess of the cost of acquisition over the Group’s interest in the net fair value of the
         identifiable assets and liabilities of the business recognised at the date of acquisition. Goodwill is initially
         recognised as an asset at cost and is subsequently measured at cost less any accumulated impairment
         losses.
2.13     Impairment of Assets
         At each reporting date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible and finite life intangible assets
         to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such
         indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the
         impairment loss (if any). Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset,
         the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.




                                                                                                                             | 27 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2018

                  Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives, goodwill and intangible assets not yet available for use are
                  tested for impairment annually, and whenever there is an indication that the asset may be impaired.
                  Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in use,
                  the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
                  reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which
                  the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.
                  If the recoverable amount of an asset (or cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
                  amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount.
                  An impairment loss is recognised immediately as an expense within the Consolidated Statement of Profit or
                  Loss.
                  Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating
                  unit) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying
                  amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss
                  been recognised for the asset (or cash-generating unit) in prior years. Any impairment loss associated with
                  goodwill will not be reversed in a subsequent reporting period.
         2.14     Cash and Cash Equivalents
                  Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short
                  term, highly-liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to
                  known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
         2.15     Inventories
                  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs are assigned to inventories by the
                  method most appropriate to the particular class of inventory, with the majority being valued on a first-in-first-
                  out basis. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less all estimated costs
                  of completion and costs necessary to make the sale.
         2.16     Financial Assets
                  Financial assets are recognised and derecognised on trade date where the purchase or sale of a financial
                  asset is under a contract whose terms require delivery within the timeframe established by the market
                  concerned, and are initially measured at fair value, plus transaction costs, except for those financial assets
                  classified as at fair value through profit or loss, which are initially measured at fair value.
         2.16.1   Loans and Receivables
                  Trade and other receivables that have fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active
                  market are classified as loans and receivables. Loans and receivables are measured at amortised cost using
                  the effective interest method, less any impairment. Interest revenue is recognised by applying the effective
                  interest rate.
         2.16.2   Impairment of Financial Assets
                  Financial assets are assessed for indicators of impairment at each reporting date. Financial assets are
                  impaired where there is objective evidence that, as a result of one or more events that occurred after
                  the initial recognition of the financial asset, the estimated future cash flows of the investment have been
                  impacted.
                  For certain categories of financial assets, such as trade and other receivables, assets that are assessed
                  not to be impaired individually are subsequently assessed for impairment on a collective basis. Objective
                  evidence of impairment for a portfolio of receivables could include the Group’s past experience of collecting
                  payments, an increase in the number of delayed payments in the portfolio past the average credit period of
                  60 days, as well as observable changes in national or local economic conditions that correlate with default
                  on receivables.
                  For financial assets carried at amortised cost, the amount of the impairment is the difference between the
                  asset’s carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at the financial
                  asset’s original effective interest rate.
                  The carrying amount of the financial asset is reduced by the impairment loss directly for all financial assets
                  with the exception of trade and other receivables, where the carrying amount is reduced through the use
                  of an impairment allowance account. When trade and other receivables are considered uncollectible, they




| 28 |
       are written off against the allowance account. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off
       are credited against the allowance account. Changes in the carrying amount of the allowance account are
       recognised as an expense in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.
       If in a subsequent period, the amount of the impairment loss decreases and the decrease can be related
       objectively to a change in estimate after the impairment was recognised, the previously recognised
       impairment loss is reversed through the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss to the extent that the
       carrying amount of the investment at the date the impairment is reversed does not exceed what the
       amortised cost would have been had the impairment not been recognised.
2.17   Share Capital
       Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or
       options are shown in equity as a deduction from the proceeds, net of tax.
2.18   Trade Payables and Other Current Liabilities
       These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of the
       annual reporting period which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid within 60 days
       of recognition. These are measured initially at fair value net of transaction costs, subsequently at amortised
       cost using the effective interest rate method.
2.19   Statement of Cash Flows
       The following terms are used in the Statement of Cash Flows:
       Operating activities: are the principal revenue producing activities of the Group and other activities that are
       not investing or financing activities.
       Investing activities: are the acquisition and disposal of long-term assets and other investments not included
       in cash equivalents.
       Financing activities: are activities that result in changes in the size and composition of the contributed
       equity and borrowings of the entity.
       Non-cash financing and investing activities: There were no transactions which have had a material effect
       on assets and liabilities that did not involve cash flows and are disclosed in the statement of cash flows.
2.20   Changes in Accounting Policies
       The accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of the previous reporting period, and no new or
       amended Standards since 1 July 2017 have affected these consolidated financial statements.
2.21   New IFRS standards and interpretations issued but not yet adopted
       At the date of authorisation of these financial statements, certain new standards and interpretations to
       existing standards have been published but not yet effective and have not been adopted early by the Group.
       Management anticipates that all pronouncements will be adopted in the first accounting period beginning
       on or after the effective date of the new standard. Information on new standards, amendments and
       interpretations that are expected to be relevant to the Group financial statements is provided below. Certain
       other new standards and interpretations issued but not yet effective, that are not expected to have a material
       impact on the Group financial statements have not been disclosed.
       (a)       NZ IFRS 16 – Leases (effective date from 1 January 2019)
       In February 2016 the New Zealand Accounting Standards Board approved the issue of NZ IFRS 16 Leases.
       NZ IFRS 16 changes the relevant information to be reported by lessors and lessees with a view to faithful
       representation of information to the users of financial statements so they can assess the effect leases have
       on cash flow, financial performance and the financial position of the entity. The standard requires the lessee
       to recognise assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by those leases. Lessors reporting
       requirements are similar to the previous standard NZ IAS 17 Leases. Management has made a preliminary
       assessment of the impact of adopting this policy on the Group financial statements and has determined that
       it will be material. Management expects to recognise a lease asset and lease liability for all lease contracts
       such as premises rent and equipment lease.




                                                                                                                         | 29 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2018

                 (b)       NZ IFRS 15 – Revenue from Contracts with Customers (effective date from 1 January 2018)
                 NZIFRS 15 establishes principles for reporting useful information to users of financial statements about the
                 nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from an entity’s contracts with
                 customers. The core principle of NZ IFRS 15 is that an entity recognises revenue to depict the transfer of
                 promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity
                 expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
                 Due to the nature of revenue and short life cycle of the majority of contract revenues, Directors preliminary
                 evaluation has indicated that there is no material effect on the Group’s results, but additional disclosures may
                 be required.
                 (a)       NZ IFRS 9 – Financial instruments – classification and measurement
                 		        (effective date from 1 January 2018)
                 The New Zealand Accounting Standards Board (NZASB) issued the completed version of NZ IFRS 9
                 Financial Instruments, bringing together the classification and measurement, impairment and hedge
                 accounting to replace NZ IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement and all previous
                 versions of NZ IFRS 9.
                 Management does not expect a significant change to the way in which the Group recognises and measures
                 its financial instruments as a result but has not performed a full assessment.


         3.	     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
                 In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in Note 2, the Directors are
                 required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and
                 liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are
                 based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ
                 from these estimates.
                 The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
                 estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period,
                 or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.
         3.1     Annual Goodwill Impairment Testing
                 Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the value in use of the Electronic Content
                 Management cash-generating unit which is also known as SDL Software. The value in use calculation
                 requires the Directors to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from this cash generating unit and
                 a suitable discount rate in order to calculate present value.
                 The carrying value of goodwill at each reporting date was $1,061,000 (2017: $938,000).
                 The recoverable amount of $938,000 of goodwill has been determined based on a value in use model
                 applying the budget, approved by the Directors covering the reporting period to 30 June 2018, and forecast
                 sales based on assessments of the current market opportunities through existing distribution channels net
                 of forecast costs, through to the end of 2022, at a post-tax discount rate of 5.6% (2017: 5.6%). Cash flows
                 beyond 2022 have not been taken into account and no terminal value was determined.
                 The revenue assumptions used for the forecast period are based on management expectations supported
                 by existing prospects for the budget period and allow for growth of 2.5% (2017: 2.5%) per annum over the
                 balance of the forecast period. The assumptions are subject to fundamental uncertainties, particularly those
                 surrounding future license sales which comprise a substantial portion of projected revenues and hence only
                 inflationary growth rates have been applied. Gross margin is forecast to be consistent through the budget
                 and forecast period.
                 In determining whether there was any impairment of goodwill associated with the SDL Software operations,
                 forecasts were prepared based on estimates for all the products sold in each market.
                 Goodwill of $123,000 arises this reporting period from deferred tax on business combinations. Refer to note
                 19 and 33 for Directors judgements and estimates.




| 30 |
3.2   Business Combinations
      During the year the Group acquired two new businesses as detailed in note 33. The acquisition of the
      businesses involved assessments and judgements by Directors surrounding the fair value of assets acquired
      in the business combination, including identification of intangible assets.
      The purchase price required judgement and estimate by directors of contingent consideration due to the
      vendor based upon achieving future sales targets over the 12-month period following acquisition date.
      Judgement included considering a range of possible outcomes in order to determine the most likely payable
      for earn out.



4.	   REVENUE & OTHER INCOME
       2018
      		    2017
      		
       $000 $000

      Sales income		                                                                     22,383          19,788
      Revenue		22,383                                                                                    19,788
      Government grant revenue		                                                            293             131
      Rent 		                                                                                56              72
      Other Revenue		                                                                       349             203




5.	EXPENSES
      		    2018 2017
       Note $000 $000
      Acquisition related costs		                                                           118                -
      Auditor’s remuneration                                                   6             89              76
      Freight, postage & external print		                                                 8,826           6,892
      Directors remuneration - directors fees                                 30            513             523
      Loss / (gain) on foreign exchange		                                                   (39)            (10)
      Rental and operating lease expenses		                                                 715             692
      Redundancy costs		                                                                     26              34
      Research & development		                                                              473             334
      Salaries		5,630                                                                                     5,226
      Superannuation (KiwiSaver)		                                                          152             138
      Employee entitlements – share based payments		                                         17              28
      Donations		                                                                             3               3
      Other expenses		                                                                    3,936           3,968
      Total Operating Expenses		                                                         20,459          17,904




6.	   AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
       2018
      		    2017
       $000 $000
      Audit fees – statutory audit		                                                         61              52
      Tax compliance and advisory services		                                                 28              24
      Total auditor’s remuneration		                                                         89              76




                                                                                                                   | 31 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2018


         7.	INTEREST
                  2018
                 		    2017
                  $000 $000
                 Interest received 		                                                                                         (5)                   (6)
                 Interest on borrowings under finance facilities			
                 Interest on borrowings		                                                                                       -                    5
                 Net interest received		                                                                                      (5)                   (1)


         8.	     INCOME TAX EXPENSE
         8.1     Current Tax
                  2018
                 		    2017
                  $000 $000
                 Income tax expense comprises:
                 Current tax expense		                                                                                      586                    517
                 Deferred tax expense relating to the origination and reversal of temporary differences                       (9)                  (25)
                 Total tax expense		                                                                                        577                    492


                 The total charge for the reporting period can be reconciled to the accounting loss as follows:

                 Net profit before income tax		                                                                           1,909              1,802
                 Income tax at company tax rate 		534   (1)
                                                                                                                                                   504
                 Permanent differences		                                                                                      34                    10
                 Under / over provision in prior years		                                                                      (8)                  (25)
                 Benefit of tax losses not recognised		                                                                       17                      -
                 Other		6                                                                                                                            3
                  Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses		                                                         (6)                     -
                  Income tax expense		                                                                                      577                    492

                 (1)
                   The Group tax rate of 28% (2017: 28%) has been used. This is the tax rate applicable to the territory where Solution Dynamics
                 Limited, the primary tax paying entity, is domiciled.


                 At 30 June 2018 there are imputation credits available of $407,000 (2017: $472,000) for use in subsequent
                 reporting periods.


         8.2     Deferred Tax Balances
                  2018
                 		    2017
                  $000 $000
                 Temporary differences			
                 Depreciable and amortisable assets		                                                                      (121)                    (7)
                 Accruals and provisions		                                                                                    97                   115
                 				(24)                                                                                                                          108
                 Net deferred tax asset not recognised		                                                                        -                     -
                 Deferred tax recognised		                                                                                  (24)                   108


                 Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences are only recognised to the extent that it
                 is probable that taxable profits will be available against which the deductible temporary differences can be
                 utilised.




| 32 |
        2018
       		    2017
        $000 $000
       Deferred tax movement			
       Balance at beginning of period		                                                            108              133
       Current year movement through profit or loss		                                                (9)            (25)
       Deferred tax recognised on business acquisitions		                                         (123)                   -
       Balance at end of period		                                                                  (24)             108


9.	    EARNINGS PER SHARE (EPS)
        2018
       		    2017
       		
        $000 $000

       Net profit for the year attributable to ordinary shareholders		                           1,332            1,310

       Basic		
       Weighted average number of ordinary shares (000’s)		                                     14,296           14,060

       		Cents                                                                                                   Cents
       Basic earnings per share		                                                                   9.3                 9.3
       					
       Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net profit after tax attributable to equity holders of
       the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the reporting period,
       adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the reporting period.

       Diluted			
       Weighted average number of ordinary shares (000’s)		                                     14,300           14,060
       Adjustment for share options		                                                              340              580
       Weighted average 		                                                                      14,640           14,640

       		Cents                                                                                                   Cents
       Diluted earnings per share		                                                                 9.1                 8.9


       Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares
       outstanding to assume conversion of all potentially dilutive ordinary shares. Options are convertible into the
       Company’s shares and are therefore considered dilutive securities for diluted earnings per share.



10.	   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
        2018
       		    2017
       		
        $000 $000

       Cash and cash equivalents		                                                               1,956            2,080
       Total 		                                                                                  1,956            2,080


       Solution Dynamics has an overdraft facility in place with the ANZ Bank at an interest rate of 12.35% p.a.
       (2017: 12.35%). This facility is to support the operational requirements of the Group, is interest only and is
       secured by first ranking debenture over the assets of the Group.
       At period end, the ANZ Bank has imposed no financial covenants to secure the existing facilities. The Group
       maintains a $200,000 overdraft facility that was unused at the reporting date 2017: $200,000). The Group
       now holds a net cash position with no bank debt (2017: $Nil).
       At the end of the reporting period the Bank provided commercial guarantees totalling $65,000 (2017:
       $65,000) to the Group’s suppliers.




                                                                                                                              | 33 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2018


         11.	    INVENTORIES AND WORK IN PROGRESS
                  2018
                 		    2017
                 		
                  $000 $000

                 Work in Progress		                                                                          94                 73
                 Inventory		89                                                                                                  79
                 Total Inventories and Work in Progress		                                                   183             152
                 			



         12.	    RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS
                 Transactions between related parties include transactions with subsidiaries, shareholders, directors and
                 their companies and senior executives. Transactions with SDL’s subsidiary Solution Dynamics International
                 Limited are completed under a supplier agreement on similar terms to those previously struck with third party
                 channel partners.
                 Related party transactions from 1 July 2017 to 30 June 2018 were as follows:
                 •    Key management were paid $783,835 (as employees of Solution Dynamics Limited and including the
                      calculated benefit of the employee share option plan) during the reporting period (2017: $818,267) and
                      were owed $62,939, including annual leave, at 30 June 2018 (2017: $73,615).
                 •    During the year ended 30 June 2018 there were sales of $213,649 (2017: $361,005) between Solution
                      Dynamics Limited and its wholly owned UK subsidiary Solution Dynamics International Limited. Solution
                      Dynamics International traded at a profit of $153,434 (2017: $90,714). At the reporting date there was a
                      receivable of $126,770 (2017: $126,770) due to the Company.
                 •    Solution Dynamics Incorporated traded at a (loss) of ($61,625) (2017: n/a). At the reporting date there
                      was a receivable of $87,861 (2017: n/a) due to the Company.


         13.	    TRADE & OTHER RECEIVABLES
                  2018
                 		    2017
                 		
                  $000 $000

                 Trade receivables		                                                                      2,791           2,283
                 Allowance for doubtful debts		                                                                -                 -
                 				2,791                                                                                                2,283
                 Allowance for credit notes		                                                               (11)            (10)
                 Total trade receivables				                                                              2,780           2,273
                 Sundry debtors		                                                                           122                 93
                 Total Trade & Other Receivables		                                                        2,902           2,366


                 Trading terms & aging of past due trade receivables
                 The Group’s trading terms require settlement by the 20th of the month following the date of invoice. At the
                 reporting date the Group had past due debtors of $407,000 (2017: $156,000) for which an allowance of $Nil
                 (2017: $Nil) was made. There has not been a significant change in credit quality therefore the amounts are
                 considered recoverable. The Group does not hold any collateral over these balances.
                  2018
                 		    2017
                 		
                  $000 $000

                 30 – 60 days		                                                                             192             130
                 60 – 90 days		                                                                             187                 10
                 90 – 120 days		                                                                             28                 16
                 Total overdue trade receivables		                                                          407             156




| 34 |
       Movement in allowance for doubtful debts
        2018
       		    2017
       		
        $000 $000

       Balance at the beginning of the reporting period		                                           -                 -
       Accounts written off as uncollectable		                                                      -                 -
       Total allowance for doubtful debts		                                                         -                 -


       In assessing the recoverability of trade receivables, the Group considers any change in the quality of
       the trade receivables from the date that the credit was initially granted up to the reporting date. The
       concentration of credit risk is limited with the largest customer comprising 11% (2017: 11%) of the gross
       trade receivable balance, 92% of the outstanding balance is less than 60 days old (2017: 99%). Accordingly,
       the directors believe that no further adjustments for credit are required in excess of the allowance for
       doubtful debts.
       For the reporting period there are no provisions against third parties (2017: $Nil).



14.	   OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
        2018
       		    2017
       		
        $000 $000

       Sundry creditors		                                                                        211             226
       Payroll accruals		                                                                        224             236
       Provision for tax		                                                                       256             192
       Provision for deferred income		                                                           151             188
       Provision for earnout (note 33)		                                                         335                  -
       Audit fees accrued		                                                                       68                 61
       Total Other Current Liabilities		                                                       1,245             903


15.	   OTHER NON-FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
        2018
       		    2017
       		
        $000 $000

       PAYE		126                                                                                                 104
       GST		318                                                                                                  301
       Total Non-Financial Liabilities		                                                         444             405


16.	   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT LIABILITIES
        2018
       		    2017
       		
        $000 $000

       Provision for sick pay			                                                                   3                  5
       Provision for long service leave			                                                        82                 84
       Provision for holiday pay 			                                                             387             358
       Total Employee Benefit Liabilities		                                                      472             447

       Provisions for sick and long service leave are based on the Group’s estimate of the present value of future
       costs assuming payroll inflation rate of 2.0%.




                                                                                                                          | 35 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2018


         17.	    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                     Plant & Finance Furniture     Leasehold                               Total
                   Machinery Leased  & Fittings Improvements
                 		           Plant &			
                 		Machinery		
                                                              $000    $000   $000   $000   $000
                 Cost					
                 Balance 1 July 2016                          2,053    55    141    537    2,786
                 Transfers                                      55    (55)      -      -       -
                 Additions                                      72       -     4     25     101
                 Disposals                                        -      -      -      -       -
                 Balance 30 June 2017                         2,180      -   145    562    2,887
                 Transfers                                        -      -      -      -       -
                 Additions                                     100       -     6     26     132
                 Acquisitions through business combinations     44       -      -    31      75
                 Disposals                                        -      -      -      -       -
                 Balance 30 June 2018                         2,324      -   151    619    3,094


                 Accumulated depreciation					
                 Balance 1 July 2016                          1,677    35    131    241    2,084
                 Transfers                                      35    (35)      -      -       -
                 Depreciation expense                          126       -     6     76     208
                 Disposals                                        -      -      -      -       -
                 Balance 30 June 2017                         1,838      -   137    317    2,292
                 Transfers                                        -      -      -      -       -
                 Depreciation expense                          137       -     2     69     208
                 Disposals                                        -      -      -      -       -
                 Balance 30 June 2018                         1,975      -   139    386    2,500


                 Carrying amount					
                 Balance 1 July 2016                           376     20     10    296     702
                 Balance 30 June 2017                          342       -     8    245     595
                 Balance 30 June 2018                          349       -    12    233     594




| 36 |
18.	   IDENTIFIABLE INTANGIBLES, FINITE LIFE
         Software    Software Software Customer  Finance                                                          Total
          - Déjar(i)  - Bremy		 Contracts(ii)    Leased
       					                                    Software
                                            $000        $000          $000          $000           $000           $000
       Cost						
       Balance 1 July 2016                  2,090        110           998              -             7         3,205
       Transfers                                -           -            7              -            (7)               -
       Additions - purchased                    -           -           94              -              -            94
       Balance 30 June 2017                 2,090        110         1,099              -              -        3,299
       Transfers                                -           -             -             -              -               -
       Additions - purchased                    -           -           74              -              -		          74
                   - acquisitions through
                   business combinations        -           -          531           441               -		         972
       Balance 30 June 2018                 2,090        110         1,704           441               -        4,345


       Accumulated amortisation						
       Balance 1 July 2016                  2,088        110           724              -             5         2,927
       Transfers                                -           -            5              -            (5)               -
       Amortisation expense                    2            -           76              -              -            78
       Balance 30 June 2017                 2,090        110           805              -              -        3,005
       Transfers                                -           -             -             -              -               -
       Amortisation expense                     -           -          135            26               -           161
       Balance 30 June 2018                 2,090        110           940            26               -        3,166


       Carrying amount			
       Balance 1 July 2016                     2            -          274              -             2            278
       Balance 30 June 2017                     -           -          294              -              -           294
       Balance 30 June 2018                     -           -          764           415               -        1,179


       (i) Déjar software (intellectual property) includes software costs of $1,400,000 purchased from Efactor and
           Déjar Holdings.
       (ii) Additions acquired through business combinations arose from the Scantech and DTP acquisitions (note 33).



19.	   GOODWILL
                                                       Scantech         DTP          Déjar        Bremy         Total
                                                           $000         $000         $000          $000         $000

       Balance at beginning of year                              -             -       215           723          938
       Deferred tax on acquisition of customer contracts        66            57            -              -      123
       Net carrying amount                                      66            57       215           723       1,061


       Goodwill has arisen on the acquisition of a business previously controlled by Déjar Holdings Limited and
       Bremy Limited. For impairment testing purposes, goodwill is determined to be associated with the SDL
       Software cash generating unit.
       No accumulated impairment losses have been recognised against the goodwill.




                                                                                                                           | 37 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2017

                 The carrying value of goodwill is tested on an annual basis through assessment of the value-in-use of the
                 SDL Software cash generating unit. The cash flows used in the value-in-use calculations are based firstly
                 on the management budget for the 2019 year followed by management forecasts over a further three-year
                 period. Cash flows after 2022 have not been taken into account. Management has projected growth in sales
                 for the Déjar and Bremy products at 2.5% per annum for the 2019-2022 forecast period because it reflects
                 inflation. Growth above inflation has not been projected due to there being uncertainty around this.
                 The pre-tax discount rate used in the impairment calculation is 26.0% (2017: 24.5%). The equivalent post-
                 tax nominal rate for the forecast cash flows is 5.6% (2017: 5.6%). In the Directors’ view this represents the
                 rate that the market would expect on an investment of equivalent risk. There has been no impairment in the
                 reporting period (2017: $Nil).
                 Goodwill of $123,000 arises this period from deferred tax on business combinations. The Directors’
                 judgement is that there are no indicators of impairment at reporting date or since the business acquisition
                 date (note 33).
         19.1    Sensitivity to Changes in Assumptions
                 As at 30 June 2018, the date of the Group’s annual impairment test, the estimated recoverable amount of the
                 indefinite life intangible assets exceeded their carrying amount by $1,450,000 (2017: $2,195,000).
                 It is the judgement of Directors that reasonable changes in the foreseeable future to growth rates and
                 discount rates (sensitivity analysis) does not result in an impairment loss at 30 June 2018.



         20.	    SHARE CAPITAL
                  2018
                 		    2017
                 		
                  $000 $000

                 Ordinary Shares			
                 Balance at beginning of year				                                                        5,169             5,169
                 Exercise of employee share options				                                                    188                   -
                 Share Capital at End of Year				                                                        5,357             5,169


                 The Company had 14,559,810 (2017: 14,059,810) ordinary shares on issue as at 30 June 2018. All ordinary
                 shares ranked equally with one vote attached to each fully paid ordinary share and share equally in dividends
                 and surplus on winding up.



         21.	    ACCUMULATED LOSSES
                  2018
                 		    2017
                 		
                  $000 $000

                 Balance at beginning of reporting period			                                            (1,764)           (2,266)
                 Net operating profit after income tax			                                                1,332             1,310
                 Exercise of employee share options			                                                     105                   -
                 Payment of dividends			                                                                (1,039)             (808)
                 Accumulated Losses at end of reporting period		                                        (1,366)           (1,764)




| 38 |
22.	   EMPLOYEE REMUNERATION
       Remuneration includes salaries, bonuses and other benefits including non-cash benefits. The number of
       employees with total remuneration exceeding $100,000 in each of the following bands was:
        2018
       		    2017
       		
        $000 $000

       $100,000 to $109,999		                                                                  4                 3
       $110,000 to $119,999		                                                                   -                2
       $130,000 to $139,999		                                                                   -                1
       $140,000 to $149,999		                                                                  1                  -
       $160,000 to $169,999		                                                                   -                1
       $170,000 to $179,999		                                                                  2                  -
       $180,000 to $189,999		                                                                   -                1
       $190,000 to $199,999		                                                                  1                  -
       $200,000 to $209,999		                                                                  1                 1
       $210,000 to $219,999		                                                                   -                1
       $410,000 to $419,999		                                                                  1                 1
       Total staff with remuneration exceeding $100,000		                                     10                11




23.	   RECONCILIATION OF NET LOSS AFTER INCOME TAX FOR YEAR WITH NET CASH INFLOW
       FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
        2018
       		    2017
       		
        $000 $000

       Net profit / (loss) after income tax		                                              1,332           1,310

       Adjustments:			
       Depreciation and amortisation of assets		                                             369               286
       Loss / (gain) on foreign exchange		                                                   (39)              (10)
       Interest expense (reclassified as financing activity)		                                  -                 -
       Interest income (reclassified as financing activity)		                                 (5)               (1)
       Other non-cash items		                                                                 20                14
       Cash flow from trading		                                                            1,677           1,599

       Add movements in working capital:			
       (Increase) in trade & other receivables		                                            (536)          (295)
       (Increase) in inventories and work in progress		                                      (31)              (43)
       (Increase) in prepayments		                                                           (35)              (20)
       Increase / (decrease) in other current liabilities		                                   28               (30)
       Increase in other non-financial liabilities		                                          39                48
       Increase in trade creditors		                                                         443               347
       Increase / (decrease) in employee benefit liabilities		                                37                75
       				(55)                                                                                                 82
       Net Cash Flows From Operating Activities		                                          1,622           1,681


       					




                                                                                                                      | 39 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2018


         24.	    OPERATING LEASE COMMITMENTS
                 Operating leases include the property at 18 Canaveral Drive and other equipment. Operating leases have
                 remaining lease terms of 1- 6 years. The initial term of the 18 Canaveral Drive lease has been varied and
                 now terminates in September 2022 with a right, subject to penalty, to terminate from September 2020. The
                 Canaveral Drive lease has a biennial inflationary rent review clause. The Group does not have an option to
                 purchase the leased assets at the expiry of the lease period.
                 At each reporting date the Group had the following operating lease commitments:
                  2018
                 		    2017
                 		
                  $000 $000

                 Less than 1 year		                                                                         943               891
                 1 to 2 years		                                                                             947               903
                 2 to 5 years		                                                                           1,553           2,215
                 More than 5 years		                                                                           -              102
                 Total Operating Lease Commitments		                                                      3,443           4,111


                 A portion of the Canaveral Drive premises lease are sub-leased on month to month terms. This results in a
                 reduction in rental expense. Rental income during the 2018 year totalled $56,017 (2017: $71,644) associated
                 with these rental agreements. The current full year rental on the Canaveral Drive property is $546,336 (2017:
                 $530,452).



         25.	    SEGMENT INFORMATION
                 The Group operates in one business segment, the supply of customer communication solutions. These
                 include a range of integrated document management products and services separated into four streams;
                 outsource services, technology & development services, intelligent imaging and output services. Specific
                 elements of these streams are as follows:
                 •    Software & Technology, Solution Dynamics owns the intellectual property in five products;
                      ◊   Déjar, an online digital archival and retrieval system sold stand-alone under licence agreements and
                          also as a hosted service in New Zealand and Internationally.
                      ◊   Bremy, Digital asset management, workflow and multichannel publishing software sold as a
                          licenced product and also as a hosted service in New Zealand, Australia and the UK.
                      ◊   Composer, “On-Demand” content creation software.
                      ◊   DéjarMail, is a web browser-based desktop mail management solution which allows customers to
                          route mail correspondence to SDL or any other service provider for printing and delivery.
                      ◊   Jupiter is a hybrid mail application that was acquired through the purchase of the DigitalToPrint
                          business. The application routes data received from clients for international distribution of
                          communications to the destination country for print production and lodgement as local mail.
                  In addition to owning the intellectual property for the above products, Solution Dynamics provides
                  programming, consulting and design services that help clients to distribute marketing and essential
                  communications by mail and electronically. The provision of these services is covered under this category.
                  •   Digital Printing & Document Handling Services, the printing of client’s information digitally using high
                      speed laser printers followed by the lodgement and distribution of those documents using a variety of
                      machine and other processes.
                  •   Outsourced Services, not all components of Solution Dynamics’ solutions are produced internally.
                      External elements such as post, freight, paper and envelopes are sourced from external suppliers and
                      included in this service stream. Solution Dynamics has long term arrangements with a number of key
                      suppliers such as NZ Post for the provision of these services.




| 40 |
       An overhead structure including sales, marketing and administration departments provides services for all of
       the above revenue streams.
       There are no reconciling items in this note due to the management information provided to the Chief
       Operating Decision Maker, the CEO Nelson Siva, being compiled using the same standards and accounting
       policies as those used to prepare the consolidated financial statements.


       Segment Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
       		 2018		2017
       		 $000 % $000                                                                                              %

       Software & Technology                                      6,052           27%           5,066            25%
       Digital Printing & Document Handling Services              6,773           30%           6,712            34%
       Outsourced services                                        9,907           43%           8,213            41%
       Total revenue                                             22,732          100%         19,991           100%

       Less cost of sales                                        14,315           63%         12,274             61%
       Gross margin                                               8,417           37%           7,717            39%

       Selling, general & administration                          6,144           27%           5,630            28%
       Earnings before interest, tax,
       depreciation & amortisation                                2,273           10%           2,087            11%

       Less:				
       Depreciation                                                 208             1%           208              1%
       Amortisation                                                 161             1%             78             0%
       Interest                                                      (5)            0%             (1)            0%
       Tax                                                          577             2%           492              3%
       Operating profit                                           1,332             6%          1,310             7%

       Segment Assets
       Assets are not segmented between service streams.
       Information about Major Customers
       Included in revenues for the Group of $22.7 million (2017: $20.0 million) are services revenues of $2.80million
       (2017: $2.16 million) which arose from sales to the Group’s largest customer.
       Geographical Information
       The Group has customers in New Zealand, Australia and Europe.
                                                                        Revenue from		
                                                                   External Customers Non-current Assets
                                                                    2018         2017  2018        2017
                                                                    $000         $000  $000        $000
       New Zealand                                                17,604        16,658            2,434         2,008
       Australia                                                    1,111          380                   -           -
       United States of America                                        62             -             140              -
       Europe                                                       3,955        2,953                   1           -
       Total                                                      22,732        19,991            2,575         2,008


26.	   CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
       There were no contingent liabilities at reporting date for the Group (2017: $Nil).




                                                                                                                         | 41 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2018


         27.	    CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                 The Group had no capital commitments at the reporting date (2017: $Nil).



         28.	    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
         28.1    Credit Risk
                 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Group to concentrations of credit risk consist principally
                 of trade & other receivables. The maximum credit risk is the carrying value of these financial instruments;
                 however, the Group does not consider the risk of non-recovery of these accounts to be material.
                 In the normal course of its business the Group incurs credit risk from trade receivables and transactions
                 with financial institutions. The Group has a credit policy, which is used to manage this exposure to credit
                 risk. As part of this policy, credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit. The Group
                 does not have any significant concentrations of credit risk, excluding the single largest customer referred
                 to in Note 13. This customer is not viewed as a credit risk due to trading and payment history. The Group
                 does not require any collateral or security to support financial instruments as it only deposits with, or loans
                 to banks and other financial institutions with credit ratings of no less than AA-. It does not expect the non-
                 performance of any obligations that are not provided for at reporting date.
         28.2    Categories of Financial Instruments
                 		2018			                                  2017
                 		                                  $000			$000
                                Financial		 Financial                                                             Financial
                 		 Liabilities at		             Assets at                                                     Liabilities at
                      Loans &  Amortised		      Amortised                                                        Amortised
                   Receivables      Cost  Total      Cost                                                               Cost      Total
                 Assets						
                 Cash & cash equivalents (Note 10)          1,956             -       1,956         2,080                  -    2,080
                 Trade & other receivables (Note 13)        2,902             -       2,902         2,366                  -    2,366
                 Total Financial Assets                     4,858             -       4,858         4,446                  -    4,446
                 Total non-financial assets			                                        3,185			                                  2,256
                 Total Assets			                                                      8,043			                                  6,702

                 Liabilities						
                 Trade creditors                                 -       1,871        1,871              -           1,428      1,428
                 Other current liabilities (Note 14)             -       1,245        1,245              -             903         903
                 Borrowings (Note 17)                            -            -           -              -                 -          -
                 Total Financial Liabilities                     -       3,116        3,116              -           2,331      2,331
                 Total non-financial liabilities			                                    916			                                      852
                 Total Liabilities			                                                 4,032			                                  3,183

                 The carrying values of the financial instruments above are equivalent to their fair values.

         28.3    Maturity Date of Financial Instruments
                          Weighted					Gross
                  Average Effective Less than   1 - 3 3 Months   1-5  Nominal                                                   Carrying
                      Interest Rate  1 Month  Months  to 1 Year Years Outflow                                                     Value
                 		 $000                       $000       $000  $000    $000                                                       $000

                 2018							
                 Non-interest bearing                                 n/a     1,623       932      220          -     2,775      2,775
                 		 1,623                                                                 932      220          -     2,775      2,775
                 2017 							
                 Non-interest bearing                                 n/a     1,551       747       33          -     2,331      2,331
                 		 1,551                                                                 747       33          -     2,331      2,331




| 42 |
28.4   Interest Rates
       The following table details the Group’s weighted average effective interest rates for financial liabilities at
       reporting date.

        2018
       		    2017
       Financial Liabilities:		
       Finance facility (overdraft rate)		                                                              12.35% 12.35%

28.5   Foreign Currency Risk Management
       Hosting and license sales linked to the Group’s Software operations are denominated in foreign currency
       and sold under standard terms and conditions. Any variation in exchange rate between the date of sale and
       the date cash is received is accounted for as a foreign exchange gain/loss in the period in which it occurs.
       For material individual transactions in foreign currencies the Group has a policy of taking forward exchange.
       At 30 June 2018 of total trade receivables of $2,791,000 (2017: $2,283,000) a total of $974,000 (2017:
       $470,000) was in foreign currencies. $784,000 (2017: $398,000) of the foreign currency receivables were
       denominated in European currencies, $63,000 in US $ with the remainder of the balance in AUD $.
       In addition to the trade receivables of $974,000 (2017: $470,000) held in foreign currencies at the end of the
       reporting period, a further $352,000 (2017: $194,000) in cash was also held in foreign currencies, a total of
       $1,326,000 (2017: $664,000). Adjusted for offsetting payables balances, a movement in the exchange rate of
       10% would give rise to an exchange fluctuation of $4,700 (2017: $14,100).
       Trading operations for the UK and Europe are largely undertaken through SDL’s UK subsidiary Solution
       Dynamics International Limited (SDIL). At period end the net assets for SDIL, comprising largely working
       capital, was a credit balance of NZ$110,000 (2017: NZ$36,000) with cash and receivable balances as noted
       above.
       At 30 June 2018, the reporting date no forward exchange contracts were held (2017: $Nil). The Directors
       believe that any sensitivity to foreign exchange risk is not material.
       The foreign exchange gains or losses disclosed in Note 5 relate to trade and other receivables.
28.6   Liquidity Risk Management
       Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the Board of Directors, which has built an
       appropriate liquidity risk management framework for the management of the Group’s short, medium and
       long-term funding and liquidity management requirements. The Group manages liquidity risk by maintaining
       adequate reserves, banking facilities and reserve borrowing facilities, by continuously monitoring forecast
       and actual cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities. With positive cash
       inflows the Group’s liquidity risk is considered by the Directors to be low.
28.7   Interest Rate Sensitivity Analysis
       Interest on finance leases is on fixed rates with no exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. There are no
       borrowings associated with the finance facility as at the end of the reporting period (2017: -).
       At 30 June 2018 the interest rate on the overdraft facility was 12.35% (2017: 12.35%). With a net cash
       position of $1.96 million (2017: $2.08 million) at the end of the reporting period a material change in the
       interest expense is not expected.
28.8   Capital Management
       The Group manages its capital to ensure that the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while
       maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balances.
       Earnings in the Group has again improved on the prior year. The Group is in a net cash position of $1.96
       million (2017: $2.08 million) and a net cash inflow from operations of $1.63 million (2017: $1.68 million).
       There was an operating profit of $1.37 million in the current year (2017: $1.31 million) and no material change
       in financial performance is forecast for the 2018 year. The Group has no externally imposed covenants to
       manage.




                                                                                                                          | 43 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2018

                  2018
                 		    2017
                 		
                  $000 $000
                 Cash & Finance facility (Note 10)                                                         1,956           2,080
                 Net cash (debt)                                                                           1,956           2,080
                 Equity (all capital and reserves)                                                         4,011           3,519
                 Net (cash) debt to equity ratio                                                              (49%)        (59%)


         29.	    DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
                 The following fees and salaries were paid to Directors during the reporting period:
                  2018
                 		    2017
                 		
                  $000 $000
                 John McMahon (Chairman)                                                                      45              45
                 Nelson Siva (CEO)                                                                           413             419
                 Mike Smith (resigned 3 November 2017)                                                          -              9
                 Julian Beavis                                                                                25              25
                 Elmar Toime                                                                                  30              25
                 Total Directors’ Remuneration                                                               513             523


         30.	    EMPLOYEE OPTIONS
                 On 17 February 2014 the Group announced the introduction of an equity settled employee share option plan.
                 The general principles of the scheme were:
                 •    The maximum aggregate number of share options to be granted pursuant to the plan is 5% of the total
                      number of shares on issue.
                 •    Options of no more than 1% of the total number of SDL’s shares on issue can be granted to an
                      individual staff member.
                 •    The exercise price will be determined by the Board based on the market price at the time of issue.
                 •    The options may be exercised by the participant (in whole or part) after three years from the date that
                      they are granted. The key employees have 18-months from the date of eligibility and must be employed
                      by SDL at the date the option is exercised.

                                                                                                           2018           2017
                                                                                                       Number of      Number of
                                                                                                         Shares         Shares
                                                                                                           $000           $000
                 Unvested shares at 1 July                                                                   580             580
                 Granted                                                                                        -              -
                 Vested                                                                                     (500)              -
                 Unvested shares at 30 June                                                                   80             580
                 Percentage of total ordinary shares                                                       0.5%            4.1%




| 44 |
       The fair value of the options granted during the reporting period was $Nil (2017: $Nil). This cost is recognised
       over the vesting period.
       Grant Date             Options         Share Price           Exercise         Options             Option		
                              Issued          at Grant Date         Price            Expire              Value $
       March 2014             500,000         $0.450                $0.375           Sept 2018           $107,660
       November 2015          80,000          $0.800                $0.700           May 2019            $29,395


       The fair value was determined using a Black-Scholes option pricing model that takes into account the
       exercise price, the term of the option, the share price at grant date and expected price volatility of the
       underlying share, the dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate for the term of the option.
       In addition to the factors as noted in the table above further inputs for the model included:
       •    Standard deviation of stock returns 50%. This is based on an analysis of share price movements over
            the 12-months prior to the issue of the options.
       •    Dividend yield of 0%.
       •    Annual risk-free rate of 4.08%.



32.	   SHAREHOLDERS AND SUBSTANTIAL SECURITY HOLDERS
32.1   The 20 largest shareholders as at 19 July 2018 were:

       Shareholder                                                                          % of Total          Shares
       New Zealand Permanent Trustees Limited - NZCSD <NZPT43>                                 11.33%         1,649,343
       ASB Nominees Limited <574233 A/C>                                                       10.34%         1,504,801
       Philip Hadfield Hardie Boys <P & K Hardie Boys Family A/C>                                8.59%        1,250,000
       Indrajit Nelson Sivasubramaniam + Tracey Lee Sivasubramaniam                              6.66%          970,000
       Custodial Services Limited <A/C 4>                                                        5.66%          823,650
       Michael Charles Hare                                                                      4.88%          710,000
       Accident Compensation Corporation - NZCSD <Acci40>                                        4.87%          708,500
       Colin Glenn Giffney                                                                       3.78%          550,000
       Christopher Veale + Penny Veale                                                           3.41%          496,270
       Jillian Bernadette Winstanley                                                             2.23%          325,000
       Investment Custodial Services Limited <990025995>                                         1.93%          280,881
       Custodial Services Limited <A/C 3>                                                        1.71%          248,472
       Custodial Services Limited <A/C 1>                                                        1.68%          245,000
       Don Nominees Limited                                                                      1.61%          234,944
       Roger Dixon Armstrong                                                                     1.59%          231,665
       Deirdre Elizabeth Tallott                                                                 1.47%          214,444
       FNZ Custodians Limited <DRP NZ A/C>                                                       1.32%          192,143
       Investment Custodial Services Limited <990027046>                                         1.24%          180,000
       Zealandia Associates Limited                                                              1.11%          162,000
       Anna Lake                                                                                 1.10%          160,000
       Grand Total                                                                             76.51%       11,137,113


       A total of 14,559,810 shares were on issue (2017: 14,059,810).




                                                                                                                          | 45 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2018

         32.1    Size of Shareholding as at 18 July 2018

                 Holdings                                                        Shareholders        Shares Held      % of Total
                 1-999                                                                        63             7,110         0.0%
                 1,000-4,999                                                                  39            82,031         0.6%
                 5,000-9,999                                                                  28           170,152         1.2%
                 10,000-49,999                                                                47           880,698         6.0%
                  50,000-99,999                                                               16          1,123,597        7.7%
                  100,000 and over                                                            29         12,296,222      84.5%
                  TOTAL                                                                     222          14,559,810     100.0%


         32.2     Substantial Security Holders
                  According to notices given under the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013, the following persons were
                  substantial shareholders in Solution Dynamics Limited as at 21 July 2018:
                  Shareholder                                                                            % of Total      Shares
                  New Zealand Permanent Trustees Limited (The Aspiring Fund)                                11.33%    1,649,343
                  Meta Capital Limited (John McMahon)                                                       10.34%    1,504,801
                  Philip Hadfield Hardie Boys (P & K Hardie Boys Family A/C)                                 8.59%    1,250,000
                  Indrajit Nelson Sivasubramaniam & Tracey Lee Sivasubramaniam                               6.66%      970,000
                  Michael Charles Hare (& others)                                                            5.08%      740,000


         33.	    BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
                 During the year ended 30 June 2018, the Group acquired the business and assets of Auckland-based
                 scanning services and technology provider Scantech Limited (Scantech) acquired 1 April 2018 and of United
                 States-based technology company DigitalToPrint Inc. and its related companies (DTP) acquired 1 May 2018
                 for an aggregate purchase consideration of $1.05 million.
                 The Company obtained full control of these businesses by acquiring the assets of the Company, including
                 property leases and some staff.
                 The acquisition includes contingent consideration determined by the Directors to be $335,000 based upon
                 achieving sales targets within 12-months of acquisition date. The range of possible contingent consideration
                 is nil to $1.21 million.
                 Details of the assets and liabilities acquired for these acquisitions are as follows:

                                                                                                                           $000
                 Purchase Consideration
                 Cash paid during the period			                                                                             712
                 Estimate of earnout related to acquisitions (payable within 12-months of acquisition)		                    335
                 Total Estimated Consideration		                                                                          1,047
                 Fair value of assets arising from the acquisitions			                                                         -
                 Property plant and equipment		                                                                              75
                 Intangible assets software		                                                                               531
                 Intangible assets customer contracts		                                                                     441
                 Goodwill – arising on deferred tax		                                                                       123
                 Less liabilities assumed:
                 Deferred tax liability on customer contracts		                                                            (123)
                 Total		1,047




| 46 |
       The contribution of these businesses to the Group results for the year ended 30 June 2018 was revenue of
       $248,000 and an operating loss before interest, income tax and amortisation of intangibles of $60,000. Legal
       and other costs incurred during the year ended 30 June 2018 related to these acquisitions (note 5) totalled
       $118,000, these are non-deductible for tax purposes.
       Had the business combinations taken place at the beginning of the accounting period 1 July 2017, Group
       revenues would have increased to $25.4 million and profit before income tax would have been $1.8 million.



34.	   EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING DATE
       On 30 August 2018, the directors approved the payment of a fully imputed dividend of 3.50 cents per share
       amounting to $509,593 to be paid on 21 September 2018 (2017: The directors approved the payment of a
       fully imputed dividend of 3.25 cents per share, amounting to $456,944).




                                                                                                                      | 47 |
         This page has been intentionally left blank.




| 48 |
This page has been intentionally left blank.




                                               | 49 |
                    COMPANY DIRECTORY

         Nature of Business
         Data management, electronic digital printing, document distribution, web presentment and archiving,
         fulfilment, print services, scanning, data entry and document management.



         Directors                                               Registered Office and address for service
         John McMahon – Chairman                                 18 Canaveral Drive
         Elmar Toime                                             Albany
         Julian Beavis                                           AUCKLAND
         Indrajit Nelson Sivasubramaniam (Nelson Siva) –
                                                                 PO Box 301248
         Chief Executive Officer
                                                                 Albany
                                                                 AUCKLAND 0752
         Auditors                                                Tel: +64 (9) 970-7700
         Grant Thornton New Zealand Audit Partnership
         Grant Thornton House                                    Solution Dynamics (International) Limited
         152 Fanshawe Street                                     Lancaster Court, 8 Barnes Wallis Road,
         AUCKLAND                                                Fareham, PO15 5TU
                                                                 Hampshire
         Bankers                                                 UNITED KINGDOM
         ANZ National Bank Limited
                                                                 Tel: +44 1489 668219
         Level 20, ANZ Centre
         23 - 29 Albert Street
                                                                 Solution Dynamics Incorporated
         AUCKLAND
                                                                 260 Madison Avenue, 8th floor
                                                                 New York, New York 10016
         Legal Representative
                                                                 UNITED STATES of AMERICA
         Stephen Layburn
         Commercial Barrister                                    Tel: +1 (917) 319 5625
         Level 3, 175 Queen Street
         AUCKLAND                                                Déjar International Limited
                                                                 18 Canaveral Drive
         Share Registry                                          Albany
         Computershare Investor Services
                                                                 AUCKLAND
         Level 2, 159 Hurstmere Rd
                                                                 PO Box 301248
         Takapuna
                                                                 Albany
         AUCKLAND
                                                                 AUCKLAND 0752
         Private Bag 92119                                       Tel: +64 (9) 970-7700
         Auckland Mail Centre
         AUCKLAND 1142




| 50 |
SOLUTION DYNAMICS
ON THE WEB
www.solutiondynamics.com
www.dejar.com
www.bremy.com
www.digitaltoprint.com
www.scantech.co.nz




                           | 51 |
www.solutiondynamics.com
