Optimised Customer Communications




Annual Report 2017
      ANNUAL                      2017 KEY POINTS
      SHAREHOLDERS
      MEETING                       Net Profit after Tax
      will be held at
                                    up 29% to $1.31 million
      10.30am
      Thursday 26 October 2017      Dividend per share
                                    of 6.75 cents (prior
      in the                        year 5.25 cents)
      Jupiter Meeting Room
      Solution Dynamics Limited
      18 Canaveral Drive
                                    Revenue up 22% to
      Albany
      Auckland                      $20.0 million

                                    EBITDA up 23% to
                                    $2.1 million

                                    Cash from operations
                                    up 23% to $1.68 million

                                    Net cash on hand up
                                    47% to $2.08 million

                                    European sales lift 107% to
                                    $2.95 million




|2|
CONTENTS

2017 Key Points. .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 2


Management Discussion and Analysis. .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 4


Statement of Corporate Governance. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .12


Independent Auditor’s Report.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 14



Consolidated Financial Statements for the Year Ended 30 June 2017

>		 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 17

>		 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 17

>		 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 18

>		 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 19

>		 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 20

>		 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 21



Company Directory .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 46




                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |3|
                   Solution Dynamics Limited

                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

      FY2017 Result Overview
      Solution Dynamics Limited (“SDL” or “The Company”) has produced an audited net profit after tax of $1.31
      million for FY2017. This represents 28.9% year-on-year growth. Additional highlights of the result are:
      •   revenue growth of 22.5% to $20.0 million, including European revenue lifting 107% to $2.9 million
      •   EBITDA growth of 23.1% to $2.1 million
      •   net cash on hand at 30 June balance date was $2.08 million (equivalent to net cash of 14.8 cents per
          share)
      •   the Directors have declared a final, fully imputed dividend of 3.25 cents per share (FY2016: 2.25 cents),
          taking the total dividend for FY2017 to 6.75 cents per share (FY2016: 5.25 cents), an increase of 28.6%


      Business Overview
      SDL operates in the Customer Communications market (essential mail, interactive marketing communications
      and on-demand communications). The Company’s products and services are represented by two revenue
      streams:
      •   Services (itself separated into digital print & document handling services and outsourced services)
      •   Software & Technology.
      Services includes digital print and mail house processing for mail items such as invoices, statements and
      promotional material. These are then distributed predominantly through New Zealand Post’s mail delivery
      system. A number of the components included in this service, such as envelopes and postage, form part of
      outsourced service revenues. This service differs from traditional printing in that each document printed is
      typically personalised and unique.
      Software & Technology develops and markets SDL’s own software products related to a) multi-channel
      marketing communications, which includes digital asset management, communication templates and
      campaign management, b) document archiving, c) document composition and d) desktop mail solutions. A
      range of further technology services are also offered relating to SDL’s own software and the management of
      client data around the formatting, electronic output and archiving of customer communications.
      Despite the ongoing erosion of transactional mail volumes, the Directors believe that SDL’s key point of
      difference is in offering integrated solutions incorporating both physical print and digital technology. Some
      communications are better suited to print and will likely remain so for the foreseeable future. In other cases,
      use of software technology such as DéjarMail (SDL’s desktop mail solution) can improve the handling efficiency,
      management and cost of physical mail. The Company’s integrated range of print and software technologies
      means it is able to offer a holistic and distribution channel/platform-agnostic approach to managing its
      customers’ communications needs.
      The Company operates from leased premises in Albany, Auckland.


      Description and Review of Revenue Streams
      SDL Services
      SDL Services predominantly provides mail house operations to high-volume postal mail users, mainly those in
      the business-to-consumer sector. DéjarMail has expanded the market for SDL’s print and post service down to
      the SME (small to medium enterprise) sector although the Company does not sell directly to SMEs but reaches
      this market through channel partners.
      SDL Services operates leased, high-speed digital colour and monochrome printers. In addition to digital
      printing, Services also provides the usual ancillary document handling operations such as automated envelope
      inserting and flow wrap. SDL’s accredited Document Management Solutions (“DMS”) partnership with Fuji
      Xerox New Zealand Limited (“FXNZ”) saw its first client, a medium sized financial institution, commence print
      operations in early 2017. The Directors emphasise that the sales cycles for the types of high-volume print
      customers targeted by DMS are typically long and DMS revenue growth is therefore likely to be both
      sporadic and lumpy.




|4|
SDL’s sole supplier of digital imaging equipment is FXNZ. We note that FXNZ has had some highly publicised
accounting issues locally and in Australia. We cannot comment on these issues, but note that FXNZ has been
a supportive business partner to SDL. We also note that Fuji Xerox Japan has publicly stated its support and
financial backing for FXNZ; we thank them for this support and remain confident that our long term relationship
will continue.
Services revenue also includes a variety of outsourced functions or components such as postage, offset
printing, scanning, freight, paper and envelopes. The Company has an access agreement with New Zealand
Post which provides bulk mail discounts off New Zealand Post’s retail rates, subject to SDL meeting minimum
volumes requirements over a twelve month period. SDL continues to exceed New Zealand Post’s minimum
volumes under this agreement. The profit margins on many of these outsourced components, especially
postage, are slim.
While general mail volumes continue to decline, SDL’s FY2017 mail lodgement volumes grew 12.5% and the
Company’s digital print volumes increased 9.6% as a result of increased volumes from existing clients and
new business wins. These increases are driven by the combination of SDL’s technology-based approach to
customer communication solutions, as well as a very strong customer service ethos. SDL continues to increase
its market share of these declining volumes. Note that the growth in Outsourced Services revenue in the
following table is a combination of both low margin postage and low margin outsourced printing for DéjarMail
volumes in the UK.

SDL Services Revenue Breakdown			                                                                    Percentage
(all figures $000)              FY2017 FY2016                                                           Change
Digital Printing and Document Handling                                       6,712           6,120          9.7%
Outsourced Services                                                          8,213           5,754         42.7%
Total Services Revenue		                                                    14,925         11,874          25.7%


Growth in digital printing was negatively affected by changes at one major customer during FY2017. That
customer implemented a new ERP system which automatically produced print-ready PDF files for its
customers and those files had, on average, about one-third less pages. Consequently, SDL’s page print
volumes for this client dropped and, additionally, there was no longer any need to generate and archive the
client’s PDF documents. There will be a further impact in FY2018 as the client completes its internal rollout
of this system to all its divisions and SDL sees the annualised effect from the change implemented during
FY2017. Despite this headwind, the Directors were pleased to see Digital Print and Document Handling
revenues increase by 9.7%, a very good result given overall market shrinkage.
SDL examined several acquisition opportunities relating to its Services operations during the year. These
ranged from a larger scale print and associated technology operation, through to a couple of bolt-on print
operations, plus a potential step-out acquisition into a function the Company currently outsources but could
conceivably bring in-house with immediate revenue streams. For a variety of reasons, including both risk
profiles and vendor price expectations, none has progressed although a couple of the opportunities remain
possible. The Directors remain cautious about acquisitions, and will only proceed on the basis that any
transaction is clearly value adding for shareholders, and with manageable financial and operational risk profiles.


SDL Software & Technology
Over the past two decades the way organisations communicate and engage with prospects and customers has
seen great change. Digital tools and the ensuing digital transformation mean communication channels and the
customer engagement model in most businesses has needed to adapt and become nimble and personalised.
Organisations increasingly need to employ more “pull” marketing tactics, drawing people in to their brands
with interesting, informative and engaging content. Communication channels are no longer “one size fits all”;
customers should receive messaging through an omni-channel or multi-media approach.
Customer communications has become a multi-layered approach, involving the whole business in a way that
takes into consideration the way consumers now research brands and share information and content.




                                                                                                                     |5|
      Solution Dynamics Limited
      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS CONTINUED


                                                         Solution Dynamics treats every form of communication –
                                                         whether a customer email, an invoice or account statement, or a
                                                         piece of marketing collateral – as a means to enrich and deepen
                Customer                                 the personalised relationships that our customers have with their
                  Care                                   customers.
                                                         Our background in mailhouse and fulfilment means we fully
                                                         understand the importance of data accuracy, timely delivery, and
                                                         cost efficiency. Our historic and ongoing significant investment
                                                         in software and technology demonstrates the Company’s
      Marketing                   I.T.                   commitment to making the most of the digital transformation
                                                         opportunities available to our clients.
                                                         For effective deployment of increasingly technology-driven
                                                         communications, SDL Software has developed four software
                                                         engines that are used as required to develop customer solutions:




      Déjar is a digital archival system that provides                 Bremy is an integrated, multi-channel publishing
      the ability to efficiently store and retrieve                    and distribution solution for businesses across
      electronic documents created from most                           a broad spectrum of industries. It manages the
      formatting tools. Déjar allows users to exactly                  work flow of digital assets, through document
      reproduce the original document and access                       creation and revision, to final email or print-
      these via a browser over the local network                       ready files and distribution through multiple
      or via the Internet. The reproduced image                        channels, including print, email, web, digital
      can be printed, faxed or emailed and Déjar’s                     signage and mobile. It helps streamline and
      security and history features ensure every                       provides integrity to document proofing and
      image creation and subsequent access event                       integrates with data sources to produce complex
      is recorded by User ID and date/time stamp.                      documents such as online or physical catalogues.




      Composer is SDL’s electronic document                            DéjarMail is a web browser-based desktop
      creation software. It is flexible and allows                     mail management solution which allows
      customised documents to be built on the fly,                     customers to route mail correspondence to
      based on information retrieved from databases.                   SDL or any other service provider for printing
      It automatically creates templates, documents                    and delivery via post or any other medium. This
      and letters with predefined, customised content,                 delivers costs savings for smaller businesses
      formatted to each customer’s requirements.                       and for larger companies’ ad hoc mail.
      Composer allows companies to easily standardise
      corporate documentation formats for all users,
      including regional and legal variations. Templates,
      documents, emails, letters and newsletters
      created by Composer are automated, ready to
      archive, print, publish online, or electronically
      distribute to customers in one step.




|6|
Software & Technology revenue is earned from four sources.
The first is licence sales, where customers pay an upfront fee to acquire a licence to utilise SDL’s software and
then pay subsequent annual maintenance fees to receive support and the right to future upgrades. Licence
revenue can be material to SDL Software’s performance, but is also volatile from year to year. Changes to
market conditions and technology infrastructure mean few companies tend to buy software licences these
days; most prefer to pay on a pay-as-you-go basis as outlined in the next paragraph.
The second is an alternative to licensing, where, rather than pay an upfront fee, customers opt to run SDL’s
software on a SaaS (Software as a Service) basis. This sees them use a pay-as-you-go model, typically by way
of a per-document or per-electronic transaction charge. Under this model, SDL will usually host the software
(using third party hosting infrastructure) and related data on behalf of the client. While SDL forgoes the benefit
of any large up-front revenue, the SaaS approach does build an annuity revenue base that then generates value
over a longer term. The trend in recent years has been for customers to prefer SaaS rather than acquiring a
software licence.
Thirdly, the company offers bespoke software development services where this is related to a customer using
SDL’s software. An example is a customer requiring a front end, web-based access portal to allow its clients to
access the underlying data being stored or managed by SDL’s software.
The fourth is the provision of programming, consulting, business analysis and design services that help clients
to manage essential and marketing communications both by mail and electronic transfer.
Software encompasses all international software revenue and all revenue from all of our software products and
services. It also includes Déjar revenue in New Zealand for digital document archival and management for SDL
Services’ customers. Note that a significant part of the revenue from DéjarMail is generated in SDL Services
from the printing and postage component of the service.
In addition to New Zealand and Australia, both Déjar and Composer are sold internationally, mainly in the
UK and Europe. Bremy is predominantly a New Zealand product, with several Australian and UK customers
and the Company sees potential for ongoing and potentially strong growth in the UK, albeit from a low base.
DéjarMail is continuing to see solid growth in the UK and given the early-stage client base in that region we
expect this will be a secular growth trend that will run for a number of years. The roll out of Bremy to UK
dental practices commenced during FY2017, although there was a period of additional development required,
which constrained growth during the year. We continue to expect strong growth from Bremy, although as with
DéjarMail, the speed of the take-up rate and eventual penetration levels by practices are difficult to assess.
The SDL Services section above referred to the impact on SDL from a client implementing a new ERP system
and how this eliminated the need for the Company to generate and archive PDFs. SDL sees a general trend of
increased functionality and ability for organisations to internally generate and self-store PDF files; this is likely to
reduce demand for the Company’s Déjar archival product over time.
In the UK, the strong pipeline and early stage development of new Software customers has meant that SDL
has added additional sales and support personnel in that market, and in Europe. The Company has front-
loaded these sales and support costs somewhat ahead of expected incremental revenue growth. This is to
ensure early-stage UK customers, as well as potential customers, have visibility of, and understand, SDL’s
commitment to the region, although it will also mean a greater-than-otherwise drag on profitability during
FY2018.
Software & Technology generated revenue of $5.07 million in FY2017, an increase of 13.9% on the prior year’s
revenue of $4.45 million, again largely the result of DéjarMail growth in the UK. As in the prior year, FY2017
saw no large, one-off licence revenues achieved, with some software development work undertaken and SaaS
revenues continuing to build.


Financial Performance
Revenue growth in FY2017, as in the prior year, was largely from Outsourced Services, predominantly the effect
of printing for DéjarMail volumes in the UK. Postage margins remain very low and this is unlikely to change as
the wholesale rates and hence margin that New Zealand Post is able to offer is regulated by the Postal Network
Access Committee.




                                                                                                                           |7|
      Solution Dynamics Limited
      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS CONTINUED


      Summary Financial Performance			                                                                      Percentage
      (all figures $000)             FY2017 FY2016                                                             Change
      Total Revenue                                                                19,991         16,322          22.5%
      Less: Cost of Goods Sold                                                     12,274           9,239         32.8%
      Gross Margin		                                                                7,717           7,083          9.0%
      Gross Margin (%)                                                             38.6%           43.4%
      Less: Selling, General & Admin                                                5,630           5,388          4.5%
      EBITDA		2,087                                                                                 1,695         23.1%
      EBITDA margin (%)                                                            10.4%           10.4%
      Depreciation                                                                    208            252         -17.5%
      Amortisation                                                                     78              14        457.1%
      EBIT		1,801                                                                                   1,429         26.0%
      Net Interest                                                                     (1)           (10)           n.m.
      Income Tax                                                                      492            423         16.3%.
      Net Profit after Tax		                                                        1,310           1,016         28.9%
      			
      SDL produced a strong financial performance in FY2017 with ongoing gains in revenue (albeit mainly from low
      margin revenue sources) and underlying profitability.
      The second half remains the seasonally quieter half of the year, especially in New Zealand, although growth in
      software (and directly associated Outsourced Services) revenue is now beginning to produce a more balanced
      profit.
      The FY2017 result includes a benefit of $0.13 million from the Company’s market development agreement with
      NZ Trade and Enterprise (“NZTE”). NZTE assists by funding 40% of certain market development costs incurred
      in expanding the Company’s software revenues in the UK and Europe (the agreement is over a three year
      period, with a maximum reimbursement of $0.428 million).
      The change in mix of revenue towards a greater component of low margin, outsourced services is seeing SDL’s
      percentage Gross Margin compress, despite continued growth in the dollar Gross Margin. This trend is likely
      to continue as DéjarMail’s offshore revenue grows at a faster rate than the rest of the Company’s business.
      Nevertheless, despite the percentage Gross Margin compression, SDL’s continued focus on cost control saw
      the Company’s EBITDA margin hold largely flat at 10.4%.
      The following table highlights first and second half performance for the last two financial years.

      SDL Half Financial Years
      (all figures $000)                   2H             2H       Percent           1H              1H         Percent
                                        FY2017        FY2016       Change        FY2017          FY2016         Change
      Total Revenue                        9,804        8,562        14.5%         10,187           7,760         31.3%
      EBITDA                               1,009          764        32.1%          1,078            931          15.8%
      EBITDA margin                       10.3%         8.9%		                     10.6%           12.0%
      Tax rate                            29.9%        32.4%		                     24.9%           27.0%


      Balance Sheet, Liquidity and Debt
      FY2017 saw ongoing improvement to SDL’s net financial position. Capital expenditure was lower than the prior
      year, dropping by around two-thirds from $0.670 million to $0.206 million. The capex spend consisted of a
      licence for specialised print formatting software and computer hardware (mostly for the Company’s IT backup
      site).
      The Company’s net cash (i.e. cash net of interest bearing debt) position improved solidly from $1.41 million
      to $2.08 million over the year. This gain is pleasing given SDL is continuing to pay dividends at a payout ratio
      target of 70-75%.




|8|
At balance date the Company’s sole remaining bank facility was an unused overdraft arrangement from ANZ
Bank with a $200,000 limit.

Selected Balance Sheet and Cashflow Figures
(all figures $000)                                                          FY2017         FY2016          Change
Net Bank Cash/(Debt & Borrowings)                                             2,080           1,412             668
Non-Current Assets                                                            2,008           2,065             (57)
Net Other Liabilities                                                          (569)           (497)            (72)
Net Assets		                                                                  3,519           2,980             539
Cashflow from Trading                                                         1,599           1,394             205
Movement in Working Capital                                                      82             (32)            114
Cash Inflow from Operations		                                                 1,681           1,362             319
Cash dividends paid		                                                           808             633             175
			
Net Assets includes goodwill related to the original purchases of the software products Déjar and Bremy. Bremy
accounts for around three quarters of the $938,000 carrying value of goodwill. An impairment test is conducted
against the carrying value of these assets each year and the Directors believe the current value of these products
remains comfortably in excess of their carrying values.
While SDL’s balance sheet shows a positive net-cash position, the Company is also carrying leases on its
premises and much of its printing and document handling equipment. The annual cost of rentals and leases was
$0.69 million in FY2017 ($0.74 million in FY2016) and represents off balance sheet leverage.
Excluding the net cash balance from SDL’s working capital, the Company operates with a neutral to negative
working capital balance. The Company adopts a positive view of this aspect of its balance sheet. It means SDL can
generally continue to grow revenue without particular requirement to fund any additional working capital needs.


Taxation and Dividends
Aside from minor timing issues and non-deductible expenses, the Company pays full New Zealand tax on
locally generated earnings. The Company is slowly utilising its remaining UK tax losses and at balance date had
approximately $22,000 of tax losses still available within its UK subsidiary. These are expected to be fully utilised
in the coming financial year.
SDL only intends to pay dividends to the extent that it can fully impute them and also subject to SDL not
experiencing any one-off requirements for abnormal capital expenditure or any acquisition activity. The Company
continues to comply with a capped dividend payout ratio of 75% of earnings, under its agreement with NZTE,
where NZTE agree to contribute towards SDL’s market development costs for software in the UK. In addition
to the expense funding contribution from NZTE, we have also found NZTE to be very helpful with logistics and
assistance in our UK market development activities.

			Percentage
Earnings and Dividends per Share FY2017 FY2016 Change
Shares on Issue (‘000)                                                       14,059          14,059            n.m.
Earnings per Share (cents)                                                     9.32            7.23          28.9%
Dividend per Share (cents)                                                     6.75            5.25          28.6%
Dividend Proportion Imputed                                                 100.0%          100.0%
Dividend Payout ratio                                                        72.4%           72.6%
			
Shares on issue held steady over FY2017. It is likely the Company will issue a modest number of shares during
FY2018, to some of the staff participating in the SDL’s Employee Share Option Programme (“ESOP”). There
are options outstanding that could result in SDL issuing up to 580,000 ordinary shares, and 500,000 of these
options are now in the window where staff can trigger the request for shares. Note that the Earnings per Share
calculation in the above table uses the current number of shares on issue and ignores any possible ESOP
dilution.




                                                                                                                        |9|
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS CONTINUED


         Operational Performance
         Despite the industry-wide decline in general mail volumes, SDL’s mail volumes grew 12.5% and digital print
         volumes increased 9.6% on last year, supported by the new business wins (both new customers and new
         projects within existing customers). SDL’s current print equipment has significant capacity, notably from the
         early FY2016 addition of the high-speed, continuous printer under the DMS agreement with FXNZ. Any material
         continuous print volume under the DMS agreement would likely require a modest increase in the level of
         production staff and SDL may need some additional document handling equipment in the event of any material
         increase in print volumes.


         New Zealand Postal Market
         The domestic postal services market continues to evolve. New Zealand Post has amended its Deed of
         Understanding with the government. From July 2015, New Zealand Post commenced the process of reducing
         the number of delivery days per week for standard letter mail in major towns and cities to three days, although
         it is continuing to provide six-day-per-week delivery for premium mail.
         These changes at New Zealand Post may create opportunities for SDL as it may force some customers to
         accelerate moves towards greater use of digital communications solutions. The Company tracks how its major
         customers utilise print versus electronic delivery for transactional mail and the steady switch to new technology
         is progressing largely as expected. SDL is well positioned to capitalise on this, given its breadth of technology
         offerings. SDL has proven solutions for digitally communicating with and servicing customers, and these can
         also deliver significant communications and document creation cost savings. Nevertheless, if the Company’s
         customers opted to more rapidly switch towards greater electronic communications, SDL might suffer short
         run lower utilisation of its printing assets and any gains from SDL Software & Technology may be insufficient to
         offset this decline. SDL is seeing some evidence of an acceleration in the ongoing rate of change from print to
         digital communications and should this increased rate of change continue then the Company would likely see a
         degree of gross margin erosion.


         Risk Factors
         The physical mail market will inevitably continue to decline in volume. This has several industry-wide
         implications. First, the mail house physical print sector will remain plagued by excess printing capacity.
         Secondly, the likelihood of heightened competition implies ongoing pricing and margin pressure, requiring
         SDL to continue to manage costs closely. The risk is partly mitigated by SDL’s ability to add value through
         its technology offerings, although excessive price discounting of printing services would affect profitability
         across the entire industry and SDL would not be immune to this threat. Additionally, pressure on marginal
         print operators is likely to cause industry rationalisation, although SDL may benefit from being able to acquire
         distressed print volumes (without buying the associated print assets).
         SDL’s top five customers provided 38% of the Company’s revenue in FY2017. Loss of one or more of those
         customers could cause financial results to differ materially from those outlined in the FY2018 Outlook section
         below. This risk is partly mitigated by having a number of these clients under contract, as well as the offset of
         expecting revenue growth outside these clients, particularly from DéjarMail.
         The Company’s software provides critical document management and storage functions for its clients. SDL
         needs to ensure it continues to maintain adequate levels of software quality control. SDL also regards IT and
         data security as a potential risk area and is reviewing its IT and data security arrangements.
         The Company operates from a single production facility, albeit with an external site for data and server backup.
         The Directors are conscious of the operational risk a single site implies for digital imaging operations. SDL
         has investigated reciprocal disaster recovery (“DR”) plans with other printers, and the Company has some
         capability with Fuji Xerox Australia, however, in general, print capacity mismatches have meant there are few
         optimal solutions. SDL continues to explore second site options.
         The Company relies on several third party distributors to market and support its software products, especially
         in international markets. There is no certainty that these arrangements will be successful in meeting revenue
         expectations and SDL may be required to devote more time and funds to support its existing international
         distribution structures.




| 10 |
Technology Innovation
SDL operates in both the old economy print/mail house business and the new economy digital document
management business. While there are many areas where printed mail is continuing to decline, some elements
of print and mail remain reasonably resilient. Nevertheless, SDL is continuing to innovate and develop its
software offerings to ensure the Company is agnostic in the communication channels it is able to offer its
clients to communicate with their customers.
Bremy, SDL’s digital asset and multi-channel communications system, had its capabilities expanded in FY2016
through the addition of a Procurement function (for print initially, although the functionality is reasonably
generic). In FY2017 we also added Campaign Management capability and the product is seeing ongoing
development to further broaden functionality.


FY2018 Outlook
After a positive result for FY2017, the Company expects ongoing revenue and earnings growth but cautions
that the increasingly higher base of profitability inevitably means that sustaining high percentage growth rates
becomes more difficult.
In FY2018, the Company expects that a full year of growth from print and mail clients that were new in FY2017
will be largely offset by the reduction in print volume from a major client referred to in the SDL Services section,
and any erosion due to the ongoing shift to electronic delivery of documents.
New software clients in the UK are continuing to build revenues and we expect this to continue to FY2018.
After a slower-than-expected ramp in FY2017, the customised version of Bremy for UK dental practices to
facilitate their marketing efforts is now progressing and we expect this to begin gaining traction during FY2018,
along with growth from veterinary practices.
In FY2017, SDL added additional costs for sales and support in the UK and Europe during the second half of
the financial year and will bear the full year’s cost in FY2018. Further, the Company expects to incur modest
sales and market development costs in developing channels into some European countries and the Asian
region.
The Company has a very strong pipeline of software sales prospects, probably a stronger pipeline than at any
point in its history, however, sales cycles for some of our products are lengthy with no certainty of success, and
there is often up-front cost in bringing new clients on board.
The Company will continue to evaluate acquisition opportunities, especially bolt-on transactions, but is
extremely conscious of acquisition risks – both operational and financial – and will ensure any transaction is
expected to comfortably exceed SDL’s cost of capital and add to shareholder value.
SDL’s outlook for FY2018 is for growth of around 15% in net profit after tax. This forecast does include some
moderate growth in new business assumptions and is subject to the usual risks that the print and mail house
market remains extremely competitive and in slow decline.
Yours sincerely




John McMahon                                                       Nelson Siva
Director (Chairman)                                                Director (CEO)




                                                                                                                       | 11 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited

         STATEMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

         The corporate governance processes set out in this statement do not materially differ from the principles set
         out in the New Zealand Stock Exchange Corporate Governance Best Practice Code issued on May 2017.


         Financial Statements
         It is the Directors’ responsibility to ensure preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view of
         the financial position of the Group as at the end of the financial year and the results of operations and cash
         flows for the year. The external auditors are responsible for expressing an independent opinion on the financial
         statements.
         The consolidated financial statements set out in this report have been prepared by management in accordance
         with generally accepted accounting practice in New Zealand. They are based on appropriate accounting
         policies which have been consistently applied and which are supported by reasonable judgements and
         estimates.
         After reviewing internal management financial reports and budgets the Directors believe that the Group will
         continue to be a going concern in the foreseeable future. For this reason they continue to adopt the going
         concern basis in preparing the financial statements.


         Board of Directors
         The Group’s constitution requires a minimum of three Directors, of whom two must be ordinarily resident in
         New Zealand. The maximum number of Directors is seven.
         At least one third of Directors shall retire from office each year at the annual general meeting, but shall be
         eligible for re-election. The retiring Directors must be those Directors who have been longest serving since they
         were last elected.
         Directors who are appointed by the Board rather than by ordinary resolution by shareholders must retire at the
         next annual general meeting, but will be eligible for re-election.
         The Board currently comprises four Directors, being a non-executive chairman, two non-executive Directors
         and the Chief Executive.
         The Directors have a wide range of skills and expertise that they use to the benefit of the Group.
         The primary responsibilities of the Board include:
         •   to establish the vision of the Group
         •   to establish the long term goals and strategies of the Group
         •   to approve annual and half-year financial reports
         •   to approve annual budgets
         •   to approve corporate policies
         •   to ensure the Group has good internal controls and keeps adequate records
         •   to ensure legislative compliance
         •   to monitor executive management
         •   to ensure appropriate communication to stakeholders

         Board procedures are governed by the Constitution.


         Conflicts of Interest and Related Parties
         All Directors must disclose any general and specific interests that could be in conflict with their obligations to
         the Group. Transactions with related parties and balances outstanding relating to the year ended 30 June 2017
         are disclosed in Note 12 of the Notes to the Financial Statements.


         Risk Management
         The Board is responsible for the Group’s system of internal controls. The Board monitors the operational and
         financial aspects of the Group and considers recommendations from external auditors and advisors on the
         risks that the Group faces.




| 12 |
The Board ensures that recommendations made are assessed and appropriate action is taken where necessary
to ensure risks are managed appropriately.


Internal Controls
It is the responsibility of the Directors to ensure adequate accounting records are kept. Directors are also
responsible for the Group’s system of internal financial controls.
Internal financial controls have been implemented to minimize the possibility of material misstatement. They
can provide only reasonable assurance and not absolute assurance against material misstatements or loss.
No major breakdowns of internal controls were identified during the year.


Committees
The Board operates no committees.


Audit Committee
The Board does not have an audit committee. The Board carries out reviews of the half-yearly and annual
financial reports.


Attendance at meetings
During the period 1 July 2016 to 30 June 2017 attendance at meetings was:

                                                                  Board Meetings                  Board Meetings
                                                                           Held                        Attended
John McMahon (Chairman)                                                           9                                9
Mike Smith (retired 3 November 2016)                                              2                                2
Julian Beavis                                                                     9                                8
Nelson Siva (CEO)                                                                 9                                9
Elmar Toime                                                                       9                                9


Directors’ Remuneration
Directors’ remuneration during the year is disclosed in Note 30 of the Notes to the Financial Statements.


Executives’ Remuneration
Executives’ remuneration greater than $100,000 per annum received in their capacity as employees during the
year is disclosed in Note 23 of the Notes to the Financial Statements.


Entries in the Interests Register
In addition to the interests and related party transactions disclosures in Note 12 of the Notes to the Financial
Statements, there were no interests disclosed to the Board during the year.


Directors’ Share Dealings and Shareholding
Directors’ disclose the following relevant interests in shares in the Group at 30 June 2017 and transactions in
relevant interests in shares during the financial year ended 30 June 2017.

Shareholder               Balance 30 June 2016            Additions         Disposals       Balance 30 June 2017
John McMahon                           1,504,801                   -                  -                  1,504,801
Nelson Siva                              830,000                   -                  -                    830,000
Mike Smith (retired 3 November 2016)      80,000                   -                  -                        80,000




                                                                                                                        | 13 |
         Independent Auditor’s Report                                                                                                                                Grant Thornton New Zealand
                                                                                                                                                                     Audit Partnership
                                                                                                                                                                     L4, Grant Thornton House

            Independent
         Independent    Auditor’s
                     Auditor’s    Report
                               Report
                                                                                                                                                                     152 Fanshawe Street
                                                                                                                                                                     PO Box 1961Grant Thornton New Zealand

            Independent Auditor’s Report                                                                                                                             Grant Thornton
                                                                                                                                                                     Auckland   Audit New
                                                                                                                                                                               1140
                                                                                                                                                                                Grant Thornton New Zealand
                                                                                                                                                                                L4, Grant Thornton House
                                                                                                                                                                     Audit Partnership
                                                                                                                                                                     T +64
                                                                                                                                                                     L4,        Audit
                                                                                                                                                                                152
                                                                                                                                                                            9 308
                                                                                                                                                                         Grant
                                                                                                                                                                                           Zealand
                                                                                                                                                                                      Partnership
                                                                                                                                                                                      Partnership
                                                                                                                                                                                    Fanshawe
                                                                                                                                                                                  2570
                                                                                                                                                                               Thornton House Street
                                                                                                                                                                     F +64
                                                                                                                                                                     152        L4,
                                                                                                                                                                                PO
                                                                                                                                                                            9 309
                                                                                                                                                                         Fanshawe   Grant
                                                                                                                                                                                    Box
                                                                                                                                                                                  4892    Thornton House
                                                                                                                                                                                        1961
                                                                                                                                                                                    Street
                                                                                                                                                                                152
                                                                                                                                                                                Auckland 1140 Street
                                                                                                                                                                                    Fanshawe
                                                                                                                                                                     www.grantthornton.co.nz
                                                                                                                                                                     PO  Box 1961
                                                                                                                                                                                PO Box 1961
                                                                                                                                                                     Auckland 1140
                                                                                                                                                                                Auckland 1140
                                                                                                                                                                                T +64 9 308 2570
                                                                                                                                                                     T +64 9 308F 2570
                                                                                                                                                                                  +64 9 309 4892
                                                                                                                                                                     F +64 9 309T +64 9 308 2570
                                                                                                                                                                                www.grantthornton.co.nz
                                                                                                                                                                                  4892
                                                                                                                                                                                F +64 9 309 4892
                                                                                                                                                                     www.grantthornton.co.nz
                                                                                                                                                                                www.grantthornton.co.nz


         To the Shareholders of Solution Dynamics Limited
          To the Shareholders of Solution Dynamics Limited


          Report         Toon  thethe   Shareholders
                                                 Audit               of
                                                                 ofthethe Solution
                                                                               Consolidated Dynamics Limited      FinancialStatements Statements
          Report
         To                 on
               the Shareholders     the        Audit    of      of
                                                             Solution
                         To the Shareholders of Solution Dynamics             Consolidated
                                                                             Dynamics            LimitedFinancialLimited
          Opinion
          Opinion
          We
          We have have       audited
                         Report
                           audited           on
                                           the the    theconsolidated
                                                    consolidated             offinancial
                                                                Auditfinancial     the statements  statements
                                                                                             Consolidated                 ofFinancial
                                                                                                                of Solution  Solution
                                                                                                                                  Dynamics   Dynamics
                                                                                                                                                    Limited Limited
                                                                                                                                                  Statements        (the Group)     (theonGroup)  pages 17
         Report
          on
          to 45 pages
                    which  on17
                         Report    the
                                     to
                                comprise  45  Audit
                                                  which
                                                      the      of   the
                                                                comprise
                                                             consolidated    Consolidated
                                                                                  the     consolidated
                                                                                    statement          of      Financial
                                                                                                                    statement
                                                                                                            financial      positionStatements
                                                                                                                                     of as financial
                                                                                                                                             at   30   June position
                                                                                                                                                                  2017,       as
                                                                                                                                                                             and      atthe30     June
                                                                                                                                                                                               consolidated
                         Opinion on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
          statement
         Opinion
          2017,       and    ofthecomprehensive
                                        consolidated              income,
                                                                    statement   consolidated
                                                                                         of  comprehensivestatement of        changesconsolidated
                                                                                                                            income,           in equity and statement  consolidated           of   statement
          of cash flows  Opinion
                         We have    for the   audited
                                                    year then   theended,
                                                                      consolidatedand notes     financial         statements financial
                                                                                                      to the consolidated            of Solution            Dynamics
                                                                                                                                                     statements,                   Limited
                                                                                                                                                                             including              (the Group)
                                                                                                                                                                                                  a summary
         We
          changeshaveWe     audited           the       consolidated            financial         statements             of Solution         Dynamics             Limited          (the
                                                                                                                                                                                   and Group)
          of significant
                                 equityaudited
                         oninpages
                                 have
                                   accounting 17 and   to consolidated
                                                            45the which
                                                            policies. consolidated  statement
                                                                             comprise           financial of cash
                                                                                                the consolidated        flows
                                                                                                                  statements     forof the
                                                                                                                                statement      year
                                                                                                                                           Solution of then
                                                                                                                                                         financial ended,
                                                                                                                                                            Dynamics               Limited
                                                                                                                                                                            position          notes  at to
                                                                                                                                                                                                as (the  30Group)
                                                                                                                                                                                                              June
          thepages
         on      consolidated
                         on  17pagesto   45   17 which
                                              financialto   45 comprise
                                                                  statements,
                                                                  which          the
                                                                             comprise    consolidated
                                                                                         including
                                                                                                the         a      statement
                                                                                                               summary
                                                                                                         consolidated           of  of    financial
                                                                                                                                    significant
                                                                                                                                statement           of     position
                                                                                                                                                         accounting
                                                                                                                                                         financial           as     at
                                                                                                                                                                                  policies.
                                                                                                                                                                            position       30    June
          In our opinion,2017, the     andaccompanying
                                                 the consolidated                 statement
                                                                          consolidated                  of comprehensive
                                                                                                   financial       statements present   income,          consolidated
                                                                                                                                                   fairly,   in all materialstatement     respects, ofJune
                                                                                                                                                                                                as   at  30
         2017, and       2017,the      consolidated
                                       andinthe                     statement
                                                          consolidated                  of
                                                                                  statement  comprehensive
                                                                                                        ofandcomprehensive income,        consolidated
                                                                                                                                        income,          consolidated statement              of
                                                                                                                                                                                       statement           of
          the financial  changes position          equity
                                                    of Solution  and Dynamics
                                                                        consolidated       Limited statement     the of    cashitflows
                                                                                                                       entities      controlledfor the  as   year
                                                                                                                                                              at 30 then  June ended,
                                                                                                                                                                                    2017         andandits notes to
         changes
          In  our      opinion,
          financialchanges      equity
                          performance    the   and         consolidated
                                                  accompanying
                                                       and    cash    flows        statement
                                                                               consolidated
                                                                                 for  the     year       of
                                                                                                       then  cash
                                                                                                            inancial
                                                                                                                ended  flows    for
                                                                                                                           statements
                                                                                                                           in         the
                                                                                                                              accordance      year
                                                                                                                                                presentthen
                                                                                                                                                    with    New   ended,
                                                                                                                                                                fairly,      in
                                                                                                                                                                       Zealand    and
                                                                                                                                                                                  all        notes
                                                                                                                                                                                          material
                                                                                                                                                                                         Equivalents    tonotes
                                                                                                                                                                                                            to
                         the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies. to
                                             in    equity        and    consolidated               statement           of  cash    flows       for   the     year        then      ended,           and
         the    consolidated
          respects,
          International
                         thethe
                                  Financial
                                consolidated financial
                                      financial        Reporting statements,
                                                           position
                                                               financial  of Solution
                                                                        Standards       including
                                                                               statements,      Dynamics
                                                                                            issued             summary
                                                                                                           a the
                                                                                                          by
                                                                                                        including    Limited
                                                                                                                     New           significant
                                                                                                                               ofand
                                                                                                                             Zealand
                                                                                                                          a summary        the          accounting
                                                                                                                                               ofentities
                                                                                                                                           Accounting
                                                                                                                                                    significant   it controlled
                                                                                                                                                                Standards        policies.
                                                                                                                                                                          accounting
                                                                                                                                                                                       Board.      at 30
                                                                                                                                                                                             as policies.
          June 2017             and       its     financial         performance              and       cash      flows
                         In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all materialfor  the   year       then     ended           in   accordance
         In  ourNew
          with        opinion,
                             Zealand    the accompanying
                                                  Equivalents                  consolidated
                                                                          to International                financialfinancial
                                                                                                         Financial        statements
                                                                                                                           Reporting           present present
                                                                                                                                             Standards         fairly,
                                                                                                                                                                    issued  infairly,
                                                                                                                                                                                 all     material
          Basis       forIn  Opinion
                              our opinion,
                         respects,            the          the accompanying
                                                        financial       position               consolidated
                                                                                         of Solution           Dynamics                statements
                                                                                                                                 Limited        and the entities                 itby      the in New
                                                                                                                                                                                       controlled   all material
                                                                                                                                                                                                          as at 30
         respects,
          Zealand
          We conducted      the
                           Accounting
                         respects,   financial
                                       our audit           position
                                                       Standards
                                                           in accordance of   Solution
                                                                           Board.              Dynamics
                                                                                    with International              Limited
                                                                                                                    Standards    andon the       entities
                                                                                                                                          Auditing       (New    it  controlled
                                                                                                                                                                     Zealand) (ISAs         as     at  30
                                                                                                                                                                                                   (NZ)).   Our
                         June 2017the             and   financial       position
                                                            its financial                of Solutionand
                                                                                  performance                  Dynamics
                                                                                                                    cash flows   Limited
                                                                                                                                       for the  andyear the then entities  ended it controlled
                                                                                                                                                                                           in accordance  as at 30
          responsibilities
         June 2017             and      under
                                         its financialthose      standards
                                                                   performance    are     further
                                                                                             and cash  describedflows   in  the  Auditor’s
                                                                                                                          for the year            Responsibilities
                                                                                                                                                then      ended          inendedfor
                                                                                                                                                                              accordance the    Audit    of
                         June
                         with New
          the Consolidated           2017         and itsStatements
                                              Zealand
                                            Financial            financial
                                                                  Equivalents     performance    of our and
                                                                                         to International
                                                                                   section                   report.cash Weflows
                                                                                                                       Financial       for the
                                                                                                                                       Reporting
                                                                                                                              are independent        year       then
                                                                                                                                                            Standards
                                                                                                                                                            of   the Group             in in
                                                                                                                                                                                   issued        accordance
                                                                                                                                                                                                    by the New
                                                                                                                                                                                            accordance
          Basis
         with     New  for    Opinion
                            Zealand              Equivalents             to   International              Financial        Reporting          Standards             issued        by       the     New
                         with
                         Zealand
          with Professional       NewAccounting
                                              Zealand Equivalents
                                            and       Ethical        Standardsto
                                                                   Standard        1         International Financial Reporting Standards issued bythe
                                                                                           Board.
                                                                                      (Revised)          Code      of  Ethics    for  Assurance           Practitioners             issued         by    the New
          We
          Newconducted
         Zealand    ZealandAccounting    our audit    Standardsin  accordance
                                                                          Board.           with International               Standards on Auditing (New Zealand)
                         Zealand Accounting Standards Board.Board, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities
                                    Auditing            and    Assurance          Standards
          (ISAs       (NZ)).
          in accordance
                         BasisOur
                                      withresponsibilities
                                                these requirements.
                                       for Opinion                           under   Wethosebelieve    standards
                                                                                                          that the audit  are evidence
                                                                                                                                further described
                                                                                                                                                we have obtained   in the Auditor’sis sufficient and
          appropriate
         Basis        for       to
                             Opinion  provide           a  basis    for   our   opinion.                                                              section          of our report.
          Responsibilities
                         Basis
                         We conducted  forfor        theour
                                               Opinion       Audit    of the
                                                                  audit            Consolidated
                                                                            in accordance                 with Financial
                                                                                                                  InternationalStatementsStandards             on Auditing                (NewWe      Zealand)
          Our conducted
         We
          are     firm carries our
                 independent
                         We      conducted        audit
                                         outofother           in
                                                             Groupaccordance
                                                             assignments
                                                           our          in   accordance
                                                                  audit in accordance     with
                                                                                   for Solution    International
                                                                                                      with     Professional
                                                                                                          Dynamics         Standards
                                                                                                                           Limited
                                                                                                          with International         and       the Auditing
                                                                                                                                               on
                                                                                                                                       and Ethical
                                                                                                                                         Standards
                                                                                                                                                     entitiesStandardit (New     1
                                                                                                                                                                        controlled
                                                                                                                                                               on Auditing          Zealand)
                                                                                                                                                                                       (Revised)
                                                                                                                                                                                          (New
                                                                                                                                                                                              in the area of
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Zealand)
                         (ISAs        (NZ)). Our               responsibilities             under those             standards are             further described                   in the          Auditor’s
          taxation
         (ISAs
          Code            advice
                     (NZ)).Ethics
                      of(ISAs      Our  and
                                          for     other
                                             responsibilities
                                                  Assurance  assurance         services.
                                                                             under
                                                                        Practitioners    those  The
                                                                                                  issued firm has
                                                                                                      standards by     no
                                                                                                                      theareother
                                                                                                                            New     interest
                                                                                                                               further
                                                                                                                                    Zealand            the Group.
                                                                                                                                                   inAuditing
                                                                                                                                             described            in   the
                                                                                                                                                                         and   Auditor’s
                                                                                                                                                                                 Assurance
                                      (NZ)). Ourfor
                         Responsibilities                      responsibilities
                                                                   the Audit of the         under        those standards
                                                                                                 Consolidated               Financial are Statements
                                                                                                                                              further described       sectioninof        the our  Auditor’s
                                                                                                                                                                                                     report. We
         Responsibilities
          Standards                        forand   the we  Audit    of Audit
                                                                           the    Consolidated    other Financial             Statements             section          of   our report.             We
                         are Board,
                         Responsibilities
                                 independent                   ofhave
                                                             for   the Groupfulfilled      our
                                                                                     ofinthe     Consolidated
                                                                                            accordance              withresponsibilities
                                                                                                              ethical       Financial
                                                                                                                            Professional     Statements
                                                                                                                                                    andin accordance
                                                                                                                                                             Ethical  section
                                                                                                                                                                            Standard    with
                                                                                                                                                                                        of   our  these
                                                                                                                                                                                                   1report.
                                                                                                                                                                                                      (Revised)We
          Keyindependent
         are       Audit Matters
          requirements.  are            We
                                 independent of    the
                                                  believe   Group that inthe accordance
                                                                                audit       evidence  with    Professional
                                                                                                               we    have           and
                                                                                                                              obtained       Ethical
                                                                                                                                                is          Standard
                                                                                                                                                    sufficient           and    1     (Revised)
                                                                                                                                                                                 appropriate
                         Code         of Ethics forofAssurance     the Group Practitioners
                                                                                      in accordance                 with Professional
                                                                                                                 issued      by the New Zealand     and Ethical             Standard
                                                                                                                                                                      Auditing            and 1       (Revised)
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Assurance
          Key
         Code
          to      audit
              provideofCode matters
                          Ethics
                               a basis   for are for  those
                                                 Assuranceour    matters
                                                                       Practitioners
                                                                 opinion.     that, in ourissued   professionalby    thejudgement,
                                                                                                                            New    Zealand           of most significance
                                                                                                                                            were Auditing               and Assurance          in our audit
                                      of    Ethics          for   Assurance           Practitioners              issued
          of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. We summarise below those matters, and with
                         Standards               Board,          and    we     have        fulfilled      our    other       by
                                                                                                                           ethicalthe    New       Zealand
                                                                                                                                       responsibilities               Auditing
                                                                                                                                                                       in  accordance     and      Assurance
                                                                                                                                                                                                       our these
         Standards
          key auditStandards
                               Board,          and
                                                 Board,    we    have
                                                                 and    we fulfilled
                                                                               have        our   other
                                                                                           fulfilled      ourethical
                                                                                                                 other    responsibilities
                                                                                                                           ethical                    in
                                                                                                                                       responsibilities    accordance  in accordance   with      thesewith these
                         requirements.
                            procedures,                toWe      believe
                                                            address      those that     the
                                                                                    matters    audit       evidence
                                                                                                    in order      that the   we   have
                                                                                                                              Group’s        obtained
                                                                                                                                             shareholders      is sufficient
                                                                                                                                                                      as       bodyand      mayappropriate
                                                                                                                                                                                                    better
         requirements.
          Our                   the We
                   firmrequirements.             believe         that   the    audit        evidence           weDynamics
                                                                                                                     havewe   obtained         is and
                                                                                                                                                    sufficient          and appropriate
          understand     tocarries
                              provide       out
                                        process       other
                                                 a basis  We     assignments
                                                           by which
                                                                 believe
                                                                 for  our weopinion.
                                                                                arrived
                                                                               that        for
                                                                                           he   Solution
                                                                                             ataudit
                                                                                                  our auditevidenceopinion.        Limited
                                                                                                                                These
                                                                                                                                  have      matters
                                                                                                                                             obtained       the
                                                                                                                                                          were       entities
                                                                                                                                                                     addressed
                                                                                                                                                               is sufficient          it and
                                                                                                                                                                                          controlled
                                                                                                                                                                                            in the     context
                                                                                                                                                                                                   appropriate
          of  our
          in provide
         to   the areaaudit     of
                              aof     the
                                  basis
                         to provide
                                             consolidated
                                       taxation for
                                                 a basisour           financial
                                                                opinion.
                                                           advice      andopinion.
                                                                 for our
                                                                                     statements                  a  whole,    and    in   forming
                                                                               other assurance services. The firm has no other interest in thewe do
                                                                                                            as                                          our     opinion        thereon,           and
          not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
          Group. Our firm carries out other assignments for Solution Dynamics Limited and the entities it controlled
         Our firmOur       carries out               otherout   assignments               for SolutionSolution   Dynamics          Limited and             the and  entities        itentities
                                                                                                                                                                                         controlled
                         in thefirm   area  carries
                                                  of taxation       other
                                                                       advice assignments
                                                                                     and otherfor          assurance services.Dynamics            Limited
                                                                                                                                                The     firm has           theother
                                                                                                                                                                           no                        it controlled
                                                                                                                                                                                                interest    in the
          Key
         in  theAuditarea       Matters
                                of    taxation            advice      and      other       assurance            services.        The     firm     has     no     other       interest           in the in the
                         in
                         Group.he     area        of     taxation      advice        and       other       assurance          services.         The     firm      has      no    other          interest
          Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most
         Group.          Group.
          significance   Key Audit in our Matters audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. We
         Key
          summariseAudit       Matters
                         Key below               those         matters,       and     our keythat,     audit
                                   Auditmatters
                                  audit           Matters        are those         matters                    in procedures,
                                                                                                                  our professional     to address
                                                                                                                                                judgement,    thosewere    matters  of most   in order
          that audit
         Key       theKey    matters
                          Group’s            shareholders
                                  audit mattersare        those     matters
                                                                        as     a    that,
                                                                                   body       in
                                                                                             may   our     professional
                                                                                                        better      understand   judgement,
                                                                                                                                        the     process were     by of   most
                                                                                                                                                                        which          we     arrived
                         significance                in our are   auditthoseof the matters
                                                                                        consolidated that, in our        professional
                                                                                                                  financial      statements     judgement,
                                                                                                                                                        of the current   were of           most
                                                                                                                                                                                       period.        We
         significance             in
                         significance   our      audit       of
                                                     in our those the   consolidated
                                                                  audit of      the consolidated   financial        statements
                                                                                                                  financial             of   the
                                                                                                                                 statementstofaddresscurrent         period.
                                                                                                                                                             the current              We
                                                                                                                                                                                       period.        Wein order
                         summarise below                                    matters,         and our key             audit procedures,                                        those         matters
         summarise
          Chartered Accountants
                                 below
          Member of Grantsummarise
                                               those
                                                 Ltdbelow
                                                              matters,        and our and
                                                                 those matters,               key our  audit  keyprocedures,
                                                                                                                     audit            to addressaddress      those matters matters           in order order
                          Thorntonthe
                         hat              Group’s
                                   International              shareholders             as a body             may      betterprocedures,
                                                                                                                                understand to          the processthose         by which we in             arrived
         that the that    Group’s           shareholders                as    a   body       may       better      understand
                                  the Group’s shareholders as a body may better understand the process by which we arrived             the     process          by     which         we      arrived
                         Chartered Accountants
                         Member of Grant Thornton International Ltd
         Chartered Accountants
| 14 |   Member of Grant Chartered  Accountants
                         Thornton International Ltd
                         Member of Grant Thornton International Ltd
                                                      OUR PROCEDURES TO ADDRESS
KEY AUDIT MATTER                                      THE KEY AUDIT MATTER

Carrying Value of Goodwill                            In this area our audit procedures included
The Group has significant goodwill of $938,000        assessment of the Group’s forecast and budgeting
arising from historical acquisitions of businesses    procedures as a basis for value in use calculations.
controlled by Dejar Holdings Ltd and Bremy            We also compared the Group’s historical budget
Ltd. Goodwill is allocated across its software        to actual performance and its future projections
cash generating units. Any risk of downturn in        compared to prior year actual and testing
the macroeconomic environment could result            reasonableness of forecasting assumptions.
in an indicator of impairment in goodwill. The        In addition, we performed our own assessments
inherent uncertainty involved in forecasting and      in relation to key inputs such as projected revenue
discounting future cash flows is one of the key       growth, cost and overhead inflation and discount
judgement areas that our audit is concentrated        rates. We use our own valuation specialist to
on. The uncertainty is affected by a number of        evaluate the assumptions and methodologies
factors including general market trends, the          used by the Group to derive a discount rate when
number of new customs for the technology              there have been changes to inputs, methodology
solutions, expectation of future growth in demand     or assumptions. We also assessed whether the
for the software solutions, which form the basis      Group’s disclosures about the sensitivity in key
for the assessment of recoverability.                 assumptions reflected the risks inherent in the
                                                      valuation of goodwill.


Accuracy of revenue                                   In this area our audit procedures included
The Group has revenue of approximately                evaluating the Group’s recognition of revenue by
$20m principally comprising sale of goods and         assessing the procedures and controls that the
rendering of services under contract. The principal   Group has in place and that appropriate revenue
risk associated with commercial income relates to     recognition policies have been applied. In relation
recognition and recoverability. There are a number    to sales cut-off, we performed detailed substantive
of factors that could affect this balance.            testing on sales recognised or adjusted either side
                                                      of year end to substantiate that the appropriate
•   Delivery may not have occurred before year        terms of the relevant contracts had been satisfied.
    end which would allow the goods to be             Our audit work included assessing the stage of
    recorded as a sale in line with the revenue       completion of any significant projects including
    recognition policy.                               the delivery of the goods to ensure that the risks
•   Revenues recognised from contracts may            and rewards associated with the contract had
    not be appropriate with reference to the          been passed to the customer, including obtaining
    stage of completion. Stages of completion         evidence of post year end cash which provided
    may include estimates and judgements that         evidence as to validity of debtors at the year end.
    impact the amount of revenue recognised.




                                                                                                             | 15 |
          Independent Auditor’s Report                                                                       Grant Thornton New Zealand
                                                                                                             Audit Partnership
                  Independent Auditor’s Report
          Other Information
                                                                                                       Grant Thornton New Zealand
                                                                                                             L4, Grant Thornton House
                                                                                                       Audit Partnership
                                                                                                             152 Fanshawe Street
                                                                                                       L4, Grant Thornton House

          The directors are responsible for all other information included in the Group’s Annual Report.         The1961
                                                                                                                       other
                                                                                                       152 Fanshawe Street
                                                                                                             PO Box
                                                                                                       PO Box 1961
                                                                                                       Auckland 1140
          information comprises the information included in theT +64annual
                                                                     9 308 2570
                                                                                report, but does not include the  financial
                                                                                                             Auckland  1140
          statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
                                                                                                       F +64 9 309 4892
                                                                                                       www.grantthornton.co.nz
                                                                                                                                                T +64 9 308 2570
          Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other informationFwww.grantthornton.co.nz
                                                                                                      +64 9 309 4892
                                                                                                     and  we do not
          express any form of audit opinion or assurance conclusion thereon.
                  To the Shareholders of Solution Dynamics Limited
          In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
          information      and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
               Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
          consolidated
               Opinion        financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
               We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Solution Dynamics Limited (the Group)
          misstated.      If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
               on pages 17 to 45 which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June
          other
          To  theinformation,
               2017,Shareholders      westatement
                     and the consolidated  are
                                             of required
                                                  Solution      toDynamics
                                                    of comprehensive report      thatLimited
                                                                                        fact.
                                                                      income, consolidated       We have
                                                                                             statement  of     nothing to report in this regard.
                  changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to
                  the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.


          Directors’       responsibilities
              In our opinion,                          forfinancial
                              the accompanying consolidated the Consolidated                   Financial
                                                                    statements present fairly, in all material Statements
          Report         on      the       Audit           ofand the      Consolidated
                                                                                 of the Group forFinancial                     Statements
                  respects, the financial position of Solution Dynamics Limited and the entities it controlled as at 30
          The directors
                June 2017
                                 are
                            and its
                                        responsible
                                    financial performance
                                                               on   behalf
                                                                 cash flows
                                                                                                               the preparation
                                                                             for the year then ended in accordance
                                                                                                                                     and fair presentation of the
          consolidated
          Opinion
                with New Zealandfinancial
                                    Equivalents statements             in  accordance
                                                  to International Financial Reporting Standards  with
                                                                                                    issuedNew       Zealand
                                                                                                           by the New         equivalents     to International Financial
         An  audit    alsoStandards
                              includes evaluating
                                               issued bythe
                Zealand Accounting Standards Board.
          Reporting                                               theappropriateness
                                                                         New Zealand Accounting      of accounting         policies Board,
                                                                                                                       Standards     used and   thefor such internal control as
                                                                                                                                              and
          We   have        audited         the consolidated                   financial         statements             ofofSolution   Dynamics       Limited (the Group)
         reasonableness of accounting estimates, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the statements that are free
          the  directors
                Basis  for      determine
                           Opinion                  is   necessary          to   enable       the    preparation            consolidated     financial
          on
          frompages        17     to 45 statements.
                                              which        comprise           thetoconsolidated
                                                                                         fraud or error.statement of financial position as at 30 June
                We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand)
                  material
         consolidated            misstatement,
                (ISAs (NZ)).financial
                             Our responsibilities
                                                             whether due
                                                    under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
          2017,     and      the
                Responsibilities
          In preparing
                                 for consolidated
                               the                              statement
                                      the Audit of the Consolidated
                                       consolidated                                  of
                                                                      Financial Statementscomprehensive
                                                                                             section of our report. We income, consolidated statement of
                are independent   of the  Group in accordancefinancial         statements,
                                                                 with Professional                     the1 directors
                                                                                    and Ethical Standard     (Revised)     are responsible on behalf of the Group for
          changes
         Our  firm
          assessing       in
                           thequity
                      carries
                Code of  Ethics   Group’s
                                forout
                                    Assuranceand
                                           other      consolidated
                                                      assignments
                                                   ability
                                                 Practitionersto   continue
                                                               issued       for
                                                                       by the Newstatement
                                                                                  Solution
                                                                                    as  a going
                                                                                    Zealand           of
                                                                                                  Dynamics
                                                                                             Auditing      cash
                                                                                                        concern,
                                                                                                       and Assurance flows
                                                                                                                    Limited  for
                                                                                                                              andthe
                                                                                                                        disclosing, theyear
                                                                                                                                      as      then
                                                                                                                                         entities it ended,
                                                                                                                                          applicable,         and
                                                                                                                                                        matters     notestoto
                                                                                                                                                                 related    going
                Standards Board, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these
          concern
          the
         controlled     and
               consolidated
                        in the
                requirements.   using
                                We  area  financial
                                    believethe
                                             that taxation
                                            of     going
                                                  the         concern
                                                             statements,
                                                                 advice.
                                                      audit evidence  we have basis
                                                                              The       of
                                                                                     including
                                                                                      firm
                                                                                obtained     accounting
                                                                                               has no
                                                                                         is sufficient   a appropriate
                                                                                                       and  summary
                                                                                                           other  unless    the
                                                                                                                     interest     Solution either
                                                                                                                                 directors
                                                                                                                            ofinsignificant    accounting      liquidate the
                                                                                                                                                     intend topolicies.
          Group     or Limited
                         toa basis
                to provide
         Dynamics             cease for ouroperations,
                                        and the entitiesorithave
                                            opinion.                           no realistic alternative but to do so.
                                                                       controlled.
                  Our firm carries out other assignments for Solution Dynamics Limited and the entities it controlled
           Auditor’s
           In our        responsibilities
                     opinion,
                in the                the
                       area of taxation advice
                                                     for the Auditconsolidated
                                              accompanying                  of The
                                                and other assurance services.
                                                                                thefirmConsolidated financial
                                                                                         has no other
                                                                                                                Financial Statements
                                                                                                      interest in the statements present fairly, in all material
         We   believe
                Group. that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide
           respects,
           Our objectives  the financial
                                   are to obtain    position        of Solution
                                                           reasonable          assurance  Dynamicsabout whether Limitedthe andconsolidated
                                                                                                                                 the ntitiesfinancial
                                                                                                                                                 it controlled  as at 30
                                                                                                                                                           statements as
         a abasis
             wholeforAudit
                         our
                        are     audit
                              free    fromopinion.
                                               material performance
                                                              misstatement, and         whether         due     to fraud   or error, and   toended
                                                                                                                                              issue an   auditor’s report
           June Key
                   2017       and
                            Matters
                                       its   financial                                          cash
                Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most
                                                                                                           flows      for the year    then            in accordance
           that includesin our   our    opinion.       Reasonable            assurance         isperiod.
                                                                                                   a high We level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that
           with significance
                  New Zealand       audit
                                             Equivalents
                                          of the consolidated
                                                                    to International
                                                              financial statements of the current
                                                                                                  Financial           Reporting Standards issued by the New
           an audit
         Opinion        conducted
                summarise                   in accordance
                            below those matters,                      with ISAs
                                                   and our key audit procedures,        (NZ)those
                                                                                  to address    willmatters
                                                                                                       alwaysin orderdetect a material misstatement when it exists.
           Zealand       Accounting
                that the Group’s
         InMisstatements
             our opinion, the
                                  shareholders as
                                   can           Standards
                                                   a body may betterBoard.
                                           arise from fraud
                                        accompanying
                                                                       understand the process by which we arrived
                                                                         or error and
                                                                  consolidated                are considered
                                                                                        financial      statementsmaterialon pagesif,15
                                                                                                                                     individually
                                                                                                                                        to 45       or in the aggregate,
           they could
         present   fairly,reasonably      be expected
                            in all material
                  Chartered Accountants

                                              respects, the
                  Member of Grant Thornton International Ltdto influence     the economic
                                                                 financial position           decisions
                                                                                      of Solution         of users
                                                                                                    Dynamics        taken on the basis of these
                                                                                                                Limited
           consolidated
           Basis     for     financial statements.
                          Opinion
         and the entities it controlled as at 30 June 2016 and their financial performance and cash
           We
         flows  conducted
                for the
           A further             our audit
                           year then
                       description         the in
                                        ended
                                        of        inaccordance
                                                     accordance
                                                 auditor’s           with    International
                                                                       withNew
                                                              responsibilities    Zealand     Standards
                                                                                            Equivalents
                                                                                  for the audit           to on  Auditing
                                                                                                             International
                                                                                                 of the financial          (New
                                                                                                                   statements      Zealand)
                                                                                                                               is located  on the
           External
           (ISAs
         Financial     Reporting
                    (NZ)).            Board’s website under
                              Our Standards.
                      Reporting      responsibilities       at:        those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
           Responsibilities        for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We
           https://xrb.govt.nz/standards-for-assurance-practitioners/auditors-responsibilities/audit-report-5/
           are independent of the Group in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1 (Revised)
         Restriction
           Code             on use
                    of Ethics          of our report
                                  for Assurance          Practitioners issued by the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance
           Restriction       on use     of our report
         This  report
           Standards    is  made
                           Board,  solely
                                      and   to
                                             we thehave
                                                     Company’s
                                                           fulfilled  shareholders,   as a body.
                                                                        our other ethical        Our audit work
                                                                                             responsibilities    in has
                                                                                                                     accordance    with these
           This report is made solely to the Group’s                 shareholders,    as a body.  Our audit work     has been undertaken     so that
         been
           we   undertaken
               might    state   so
                                to  that
                                   the   we   might
                                         Group’s        state  to
                                                     shareholders, the  Company’s
                                                                         as a  body  shareholders,
                                                                                     those   matters as a
                                                                                                      whichbody
                                                                                                              wethose
                                                                                                                  are required  to state to them
           requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate
         matters    which wereport
           in an auditor’s       are required
                                        and forto   nostate
                                                        othertopurpose.
                                                                 them in an Toauditor’s   report
                                                                                the fullest      andpermitted
                                                                                            extent    for no other
                                                                                                                by law, we do not accept or
           to provide a basis for our opinion.
         purpose.
           assumeTo      the fullest extent
                      responsibility     to anyonepermitted
                                                         otherby    law,the
                                                                 than     weGroup
                                                                              do notand
                                                                                      accept
                                                                                          the or assumeshareholders,
                                                                                              Group’s      responsibilityas a body, for our audit
         towork,
             anyoneforother
                       this report
                               than theor for  the opinion
                                           Company       and theweCompany’s
                                                                     have formed.  shareholders, as a body, for our
           Ourwork,
         audit   firm carries
                        for   this out
                                   reportother
                                            or     assignments
                                                 for  the  opinion     forhave
                                                                       we  Solution    Dynamics Limited and the entities it controlled
                                                                                 formed.
           Grant Thornton New Zealand Audit Partnership
           in the area of taxation advice and other assurance services. The firm has no other interest in the
           Group.

          Key Audit Matters
          Key  audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most
          K T Price
         Grant  Thornton
          significance
          Partner      in New  Zealand
                          our audit      Audit
                                    of the     Partnership
                                           consolidated  financial statements of the current period. We
         Auckland,
          Auckland,
                    New
                     New
                         Zealand
                          Zealand
          summarise below those matters, and our key audit procedures, to address those matters in order
         19 September 2016
          that the Group’s
          23 August  2017 shareholders as a body may better understand the process by which we arrived

          Chartered Accountants
          Member of Grant Thornton International Ltd




| 16 |
Solution Dynamics Limited

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
for the year ended 30 June 2017




                                                                                        2012
                                                                                         2017     2016
                                                                                 NOTE   $000
                                                                                         $000     $000


Revenue                                                                             4    19,788   16,185
Other revenue                                                                       4      203      137
Total revenue		                                                                          19,991   16,322
Expenses                                                                            5    17,904   14,627
Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation & amortisation (EBITDA)		                     2,087    1,695
			
Depreciation                                                                       18      208      252
Amortisation of intangible assets (software)                                       19       78       14
Net interest (income)                                                               7       (1)     (10)
Profit before income tax		                                                                1,802    1,439
			
Income tax                                                                          8      492      423
Net profit after income tax                                                        22     1,310    1,016
			
		 Cents                                                                                          Cents
Basic earnings per share                                                            9       9.3      7.2
Diluted earnings per share                                                         9        8.9      6.9




Solution Dynamics Limited

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
for the year ended 30 June 2017


                                                                                        2012
                                                                                         2017     2016
                                                                                        $000
                                                                                         $000     $000

Net profit after income tax		                                                             1,310    1,016

Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:			
Exchange gain on translation of foreign operations		                                         1       30
Other comprehensive income net of tax		                                                      1       30

Total comprehensive income for the year		                                                 1,311    1,046




The accompanying notes on pages 21 - 45 form part of the financial statements.




                                                                                                           | 17 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited

         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
         as at 30 June 2017




                                                                                                      2012
                                                                                                       2017         2016
                                                                                          NOTE         $000
                                                                                                        $000        $000


         Current Assets			
         Cash and bank balances                                                              10          2,080       1,422
         Trade & other receivables                                                           13          2,366       2,071
         Inventories and work in progress                                                    11            152         109
         Prepayments		 96                                                                                               76
         Total Current Assets		                                                                          4,694       3,678

         Current Liabilities			
         Trade creditors		                                                                               1,428       1,081
         Other current liabilities                                                           14            903         931
         Other non-financial liabilities                                                     15            405         357
         Employee benefit liabilities                                                        16            447         384
         Borrowings                                                                          17                 -       10
         Total Current Liabilities		                                                                     3,183       2,763

         Working Capital		                                                                               1,511         915

         Non-Current Assets			
         Deferred tax asset                                                                    8           108          85
         Capital works in progress		                                                                           73       62
         Property, plant & equipment                                                         18            595         702
         Intangible assets                                                                   19            294         278
         Goodwill                                                                            20            938         938
         Total Non-Current Assets		                                                                      2,008       2,065

         Net Assets		                                                                                    3,519       2,980

         Equity			
         Share capital                                                                       21          5,169       5,169
         Employee share option plan                                                          31            113          77
         Foreign currency translation reserve		                                                                1          -
         Accumulated losses                                                                  22         (1,764)     (2,266)
         Total Equity		                                                                                  3,519       2,980

         For and on behalf of the Board who approved these financial statements for issue on 23 August 2017.




         John McMahon – Director (Chairman)		Nelson Siva – Director (CEO)




         The accompanying notes on pages 21 - 45 form part of the financial statements.




| 18 |
Solution Dynamics Limited

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
for the year ended 30 June 2017




                                                                                        CURRENCY
                                                             SHARE      EMPLOYEE      TRANSLATION   ACCUMULATED    TOTAL
                                                            CAPITAL    SHARE PLAN        RESERVE         LOSSES   EQUITY

                                                           $000          $000            $000           $000      $000


Balance 1 July 2015		                                       5,169                39         (30)       (2,649)    2,529
Issue of shares to employees		                                   -               38            -             -      38
Transactions with owners		                                       -               38            -             -      38

Profit for the year after tax		                                  -                -            -        1,016     1,016
Dividend paid		 -                                                                 -            -         (633)    (633)
Other comprehensive loss		                                       -                -          30              -      30
Total comprehensive income		                                     -                -          30           383      413

Balance 30 June 2016		                                      5,169             77               -       (2,266)    2,980
						

Issue of shares to employees		                                   -            36               -             -      36
Transactions with owners		                                       -            36               -             -      36

Profit for the year after tax		                                  -                -            -        1,310     1,310
Dividend paid		 -                                                                 -            -         (808)    (808)
Other comprehensive income		                                     -                -            1             -        1
Total comprehensive income		                                     -                -            1          502      503

Balance 30 June 2017		                                      5,169           113                1       (1,764)    3,519




The accompanying notes on pages 21 - 45 form part of the financial statements.




                                                                                                                           | 19 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited

         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
         for the year ended 30 June 2017




                                                                                                 2012
                                                                                                  2017     2016
                                                                                          NOTE   $000
                                                                                                  $000     $000


         Cash Flow From Operating Activities			
         Cash was provided from:			
         Receipts from sales		                                                                    22,339   18,283
         Other revenue		                                                                            131       76
         		 22,470                                                                                         18,359
         Cash was applied to:			
         Payments to suppliers		                                                                  13,543   10,444
         Payments to employees		                                                                   6,091    5,605
         GST paid to Inland Revenue		                                                              1,155     948
         		 20,789                                                                                         16,997

         Net Cash Inflow From Operating Activities                                          24     1,681    1,362

         Cash Flow From Investing Activities		
         Cash was applied to:			
         Purchase of property, plant and equipment & capital works in progress		                    101      390
         Purchase of software		                                                                      94      280
         		 206                                                                                              670

         Net Cash (Outflow) From Investing Activities		                                            (206)    (670)

         Cash Flow from Financing Activities			
         Cash was provided from:			
         Interest received		                                                                          6       15
         		                                                                                           6       15
         Cash was applied to:			
         Payment of dividends		                                                                     808      633
         Interest paid		                                                                              5        5
         Repayments for term loan & finance lease liabilities secured on equipment		                 10       20
         		 823                                                                                              658

         Net Cash (Outflow) From Financing Activities		                                            (817)    (643)
         Net change in cash and cash equivalents		                                                  658       49
         Add cash and cash equivalents held at beginning of year		                                 1,422    1,373
         Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                           10     2,080    1,422




         The accompanying notes on pages 21 - 45 form part of the financial statements.




| 20 |
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
        for the year ended 30 June 2017

1.	     CORPORATE INFORMATION
        The consolidated financial statements of Solution Dynamics Limited (SDL or Company) and its subsidiaries,
        Solution Dynamics International Limited and Déjar International Limited (collectively the Group) for the
        year ended 30 June 2017 were authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution of directors on
        23 August 2017.
        Solution Dynamics Limited is a public company incorporated and domiciled in New Zealand and is listed
        with the New Zealand Stock Exchange on the NZAX. The registered office is located at 18 Canaveral Drive,
        Albany in Auckland.
        The Group offers a range of integrated solutions encompassing data management, electronic digital printing,
        document distribution, web presentment and archiving, fulfilment, traditional print services, scanning, data
        entry and document management.


2.	     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
2.1     Statement of Compliance
        The consolidated financial statements of the Group comply with New Zealand Equivalents to International
        Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS).
2.2     Basis of Preparation
2.2.1   Basis of Preparation
        The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis but modified, where
        applicable, by the measurement of fair value of selected financial assets and financial liabilities. Accounting
        policies are selected and applied in a manner which ensures that the resulting financial information satisfies
        the concepts of relevance and reliability, thereby ensuring that the substance of the underlying transactions
        or other events is reported. The principal accounting policies are set out below.
2.2.2   Basis of Consolidation
        The financial statements have been prepared in compliance with generally accepted accounting practice in
        New Zealand (NZ GAAP), the Companies Act 1993, The financial Reporting Act 2013 and other authoritative
        pronouncements issued by the New Zealand Accounting Standards Board (XRB). For the purposes of
        complying with NZ GAAP the Group is a for-profit entity that has followed the Tier 1 for – profit reporting
        requirements set out by the External Reporting Board, in its “Accounting Standards Framework.”
        All subsidiaries have a 30 June reporting date and consistent accounting policies are applied.
        The acquisition method is used to prepare the consolidated financial statements, which involves adding
        together like terms of assets, liabilities, income and expenses on a line-by-line basis. All transactions and
        balances between Group companies are eliminated on consolidation, including unrealised gains and losses
        on transactions between Group companies.
2.2.3   Rounding of Amounts
        Amounts in the consolidated financial statements have been rounded off to the nearest $000 unless
        otherwise specified.


SPECIFIC ACCOUNTING POLICIES
        The following specific accounting policies, which significantly affect the measurement of financial
        performance, financial position and cash flows, have been applied.
2.3     Foreign Currency
2.3.1   Functional and Presentation Currency
        Items included in the consolidated financial statements are measured using the currency of the primary
        economic environment in which the entity operates (the ‘functional currency’). The consolidated financial
        statements are presented in New Zealand dollars, which is the Group’s functional and presentational
        currency and expressed in $000’s.




                                                                                                                          | 21 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2017


         2.3.2   Transaction and Balances
                 Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at
                 the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting
                 date are retranslated to the functional currency at the exchange rate at that date. Foreign exchange gains and
                 losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation of period end exchange
                 rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the Consolidated
                 Statement of Profit or Loss.
         2.4     Revenue Recognition
                 Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. Revenue is reduced for
                 estimated customer returns, rebates and other similar allowances.
         2.4.1   Sale of Goods
                 Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when all the following conditions are satisfied:
                 •    the Group has transferred to the buyer the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods;
                 •    the Group retains neither continuing managerial involvement to the degree usually associated with
                      ownership nor effective control over the goods sold;
                 •    the amount of revenue can be measured reliably;
                 •    it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the transaction will flow to the entity; and
                 •    the costs incurred or to be incurred in respect of the transaction can be measured reliably.
         2.4.2   Rendering of Services
                 Revenue from a contract to provide services is recognised by reference to the stage of completion of the
                 contract. The stage of completion of the contract is determined with reference to the contractual rates, labour
                 hours and direct expenses as these are incurred.
         2.4.3   Interest Revenue
                 Interest revenue is accrued on a time basis, by reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective
                 interest rate applicable, which is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the
                 expected life of the financial asset to that asset’s net carrying amount.
         2.4.4   Government Grants
                 Government grants are recognised as revenue when the conditions attached to the grant have been met.
                 Where there are unfilled conditions attaching to the grant, the amount relating to the unfilled condition is
                 recognised as a liability and released to revenue as the conditions are met.
         2.5     Leases
                 Leases are classified as finance leases whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and
                 rewards of ownership to the lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases.
         2.5.1   The Group as Lessor
                 Rental income from operating leases is recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease.
                 Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount
                 of the leased asset and recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
         2.5.2   The Group as Lessee
                 Assets held under finance leases are initially recognised as assets of the Group at their fair value at the
                 inception of the lease or, if lower, at the present value of the minimum lease payments. The corresponding
                 liability to the lessor is included in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as a finance lease
                 obligation.
                 Lease payments are apportioned between finance charges and reduction of the lease obligation so as to
                 achieve a constant rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability. Finance charges are charged
                 directly to the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.
                 Operating lease payments are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term, except
                 where another systematic basis is more representative of the time pattern in which economic benefits from the
                 leased asset are consumed.




| 22 |
        In the event that lease incentives are received to enter into operating leases, such incentives are recognised
        as a liability. The aggregate benefit of incentives is recognised as a reduction of rental expense on a straight-
        line basis, except where another systematic basis is more representative of the time pattern in which
        economic benefits from the leased asset are consumed.
2.6     Employment Benefits
        The Group recognises liabilities for benefits accruing to employees in respect of wages and salaries, annual
        leave, long service leave and sick leave when it is probable that settlement will be required and they are
        capable of being measured reliably.
        Provisions made in respect of employee benefits expected to be settled within 12-months of each reporting
        date are measured at their nominal values using the remuneration rate expected to apply at the time of
        settlement.
        Provisions made in respect of employee benefits which are not expected to be settled within 12-months of
        each reporting date are measured as the present value of the estimated future cash outflows to be made by
        the Group in respect of services provided by employees up to the reporting date.
2.7     Share-based Payments
        Equity-settled share-based payments to employees are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments
        at the grant date. Details regarding equity settled share-based transactions is set out in note 31.
        The fair value determined at the grant date of the equity settled share-based payments is expensed on a
        straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will
        eventually vest. At each reporting date, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments
        expected to vest.
        The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in the Consolidated Statement of
        Profit or Loss over the remaining period, with a corresponding adjustment to the equity-settled employee
        benefits reserve.
2.8     Taxation
        Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.
2.8.1   Current Tax
        The tax currently payable is based on the taxable profit for each reporting period. The taxable income or
        loss differs from the amount as reported in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss because it excludes
        items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and it further excludes items that are
        never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been
        enacted or substantively enacted by the financial year end, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of
        previous years.
2.8.2   Deferred Tax
        Deferred tax is recognised on differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the
        financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit, and is
        accounted for using the liability method. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable
        temporary differences, and deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary
        differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those
        deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such assets and liabilities are not recognised if
        the temporary difference arises from goodwill or from the initial recognition (other than in a business
        combination) of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the
        accounting profit.
        Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
        subsidiaries and associates, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary
        difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred
        tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments and interests are
        only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to
        utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.




                                                                                                                            | 23 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2017

                  The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that
                  it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be
                  recovered.
                  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in
                  which the liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
                  substantively enacted at each reporting date. The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects
                  the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the reporting date,
                  to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.
                  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax
                  assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
                  authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.
         2.8.3    Current and Deferred Tax for Each Reporting Period
                  Current and deferred tax are recognised as income or an expense within the Consolidated Statement of
                  Profit or Loss, except when they relate to items credited or debited directly to equity, in which case the tax is
                  also recognised directly in equity, or where they arise from the initial accounting for a business combination.
                  In the case of a business combination, the tax effect is taken into account in calculating goodwill or in
                  determining the excess of the acquirer’s interest in the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets,
                  liabilities and contingent liabilities over the cost of the business combination.
         2.9      Goods and Services Tax (GST)
                  Revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities are recognised net of the amount of goods and service tax (GST),
                  except:
                  •    where the amount of GST incurred is not recovered from the taxation authority, it is recognised as part
                       of the cost of acquisition of an asset or as part of an item of expense; or
                  •    for receivables and payables which are recognised inclusive of GST.
                  The net amount of GST recoverable from, or payable to, Inland Revenue is included as part of receivables or
                  payables.
         2.10     Property, Plant and Equipment
                  Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated
                  impairment losses, if any. Cost includes all expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the
                  asset. Software that is integral to the functionality of the related equipment is capitalised as part of the asset.
                  Depreciation is charged so as to write off the cost of assets over their estimated useful lives, using the
                  straight-line method. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at
                  the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective
                  basis.
                  The principal depreciation rates used in the reporting periods are:
                  •    Leasehold Improvements		                                6.5 – 7.8%
                  •    Furniture and Fittings		                                8.5 – 39.6%
                  •    Plant and Machinery		                                   7.0 - 30.0%
                  •    Computer Equipment		                                    20.0 – 36.0%
                  Assets held under finance leases are depreciated over their expected useful lives on the same basis as
                  owned assets or, where shorter, the term of the relevant lease.
                  The gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is
                  determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is
                  recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.
         2.11     Intangible Assets
         2.11.1   Intangible Assets Acquired with a Finite Life
                  Intangible assets with a finite life, acquired separately are reported at cost less accumulated amortisation
                  and accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation is charged on a straight-line basis over their estimated
                  useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each annual
                  reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.




| 24 |
2.11.2   Internally-Generated Intangible Assets with a Finite Life
         Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or
         Loss in the period in which it is incurred.
         An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development (or from the development phase of an
         internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:
         •    the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;
         •    the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;
         •    the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;
         •    how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;
         •    the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to
              use or sell the intangible asset; and
         •    the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development.
         The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible assets is the sum of the expenditure
         incurred from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no
         internally generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is charged as an expense
         to the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss in the period in which it is incurred.
         Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less
         accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets
         acquired separately.
         Amortisation is charged on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of internally generated
         intangible assets. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each annual
         reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.
2.11.3   Subsequent Measurement
         All intangible assets, including capitalised internally developed software, are accounted for using the cost
         model whereby capitalised costs are amortised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, as
         these assets are considered finite. Residual values and useful lives are reviewed at each reporting date. In
         addition, they are subject to impairment testing as described in Note 2.13. The following useful lives are
         applied:
         • Software 3-5 years.
2.11.4   Intangible Assets Acquired in Business Combination
         Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are identified and recognised separately from goodwill
         where they satisfy the definition of an intangible asset, are identifiable and their fair values can be measured
         reliably. The cost of such intangible assets is their fair value at the acquisition date.
         Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination are reported at cost
         less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets
         acquired separately.
2.12     Goodwill
         Goodwill arising on the acquisition of a “business” as defined in NZ IFRS 3 Business Combinations
         represents the excess of the cost of acquisition over the Group’s interest in the net fair value of the
         identifiable assets and liabilities of the business recognised at the date of acquisition. Goodwill is initially
         recognised as an asset at cost and is subsequently measured at cost less any accumulated impairment
         losses.
2.13     Impairment of Assets
         At each reporting date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible and finite life intangible assets
         to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such
         indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the
         impairment loss (if any). Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset,
         the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.
         Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives, goodwill and intangible assets not yet available for use are
         tested for impairment annually, and whenever there is an indication that the asset may be impaired.




                                                                                                                             | 25 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2017

                  Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in use,
                  the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
                  reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which
                  the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.
                  If the recoverable amount of an asset (or cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
                  amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount.
                  An impairment loss is recognised immediately as an expense within the Consolidated Statement of Profit or
                  Loss.
                  Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating
                  unit) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying
                  amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss
                  been recognised for the asset (or cash-generating unit) in prior years. Any impairment loss associated with
                  goodwill will not be reversed in a subsequent reporting period.
         2.14     Cash and Cash Equivalents
                  Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short
                  term, highly-liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to
                  known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
         2.15     Inventories
                  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs are assigned to inventories by the
                  method most appropriate to the particular class of inventory, with the majority being valued on a first-in-first-
                  out basis. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less all estimated costs
                  of completion and costs necessary to make the sale.
         2.16     Financial Assets
                  Financial assets are recognised and derecognised on trade date where the purchase or sale of a financial
                  asset is under a contract whose terms require delivery within the timeframe established by the market
                  concerned, and are initially measured at fair value, plus transaction costs, except for those financial assets
                  classified as at fair value through profit or loss, which are initially measured at fair value.
         2.16.1   Loans and Receivables
                  Trade and other receivables that have fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active
                  market are classified as loans and receivables. Loans and receivables are measured at amortised cost using
                  the effective interest method, less any impairment. Interest revenue is recognised by applying the effective
                  interest rate.
         2.16.2   Impairment of Financial Assets
                  Financial assets are assessed for indicators of impairment at each reporting date. Financial assets are
                  impaired where there is objective evidence that, as a result of one or more events that occurred after
                  the initial recognition of the financial asset, the estimated future cash flows of the investment have been
                  impacted.
                  For certain categories of financial assets, such as trade and other receivables, assets that are assessed
                  not to be impaired individually are subsequently assessed for impairment on a collective basis. Objective
                  evidence of impairment for a portfolio of receivables could include the Group’s past experience of collecting
                  payments, an increase in the number of delayed payments in the portfolio past the average credit period of
                  60 days, as well as observable changes in national or local economic conditions that correlate with default
                  on receivables.
                  For financial assets carried at amortised cost, the amount of the impairment is the difference between the
                  asset’s carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at the financial
                  asset’s original effective interest rate.
                  The carrying amount of the financial asset is reduced by the impairment loss directly for all financial assets
                  with the exception of trade and other receivables, where the carrying amount is reduced through the use
                  of an impairment allowance account. When trade and other receivables are considered uncollectible, they
                  are written off against the allowance account. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off
                  are credited against the allowance account. Changes in the carrying amount of the allowance account are
                  recognised as an expense in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.




| 26 |
       If in a subsequent period, the amount of the impairment loss decreases and the decrease can be related
       objectively to a change in estimate after the impairment was recognised, the previously recognised
       impairment loss is reversed through the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss to the extent that the
       carrying amount of the investment at the date the impairment is reversed does not exceed what the
       amortised cost would have been had the impairment not been recognised.
2.17   Share Capital
       Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or
       options are shown in equity as a deduction from the proceeds, net of tax.
2.18   Trade Payables and Other Current Liabilities
       These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of the
       annual reporting period which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid within 60 days
       of recognition. These are measured initially at fair value net of transaction costs, subsequently at amortised
       cost using the effective interest rate method.
2.19   Statement of Cash Flows
       The following terms are used in the Statement of Cash Flows:
       Operating activities: are the principal revenue producing activities of the Group and other activities that are
       not investing or financing activities.
       Investing activities: are the acquisition and disposal of long-term assets and other investments not included
       in cash equivalents.
       Financing activities: are activities that result in changes in the size and composition of the contributed
       equity and borrowings of the entity.
       Non-cash financing and investing activities: There were no transactions which have had a material effect
       on assets and liabilities that did not involve cash flows and are disclosed in the statement of cash flows.
2.20   Changes in Accounting Policies
       The accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of the previous reporting period, and no new or
       amended Standards since 1 July 2016 have affected these consolidated financial statements.
2.21   New IFRS standards and interpretations issued but not yet adopted
       At the date of authorisation of these financial statements, certain new standards and interpretations to
       existing standards have been published but not yet effective, and have not been adopted early by the Group.
       Management anticipates that all pronouncements will be adopted in the first accounting period beginning
       on or after the effective date of the new standard. Information on new standards, amendments and
       interpretations that are expected to be relevant to the Group financial statements is provided below. Certain
       other new standards and interpretations issued but not yet effective, that are not expected to have a material
       impact on the Group financial statements have not been disclosed.
       (a)        NZ IFRS 16 – Leases (effective date from 1 January 2019)
       In February 2016 the New Zealand Accounting Standards Board approved the issue of NZ IFRS 16 Leases.
       The new lease accounting standard provides much-improved transparency and comparability of companies’
       lease assets and lease liabilities for investors and other users of general purpose financial statements.
       The Standard eliminates the classification of leases as either operating leases or finance leases. Instead,
       there is a single lessee model which requires a lessee to recognise on the statement of financial position
       assets and liabilities for all leases with a term of more than 12 months, unless the underlying asset is of low
       value.
       Other matters to note about this replacement standard is that it:
       •     changes the definition of a lease
       •     sets requirements on how to account for the asset and liability, including complexities such as non-lease
             elements, variable lease payments and option periods
       •     provides exemptions for short-term leases and leases of low value assets
       •     changes the accounting for sale and leaseback arrangements, and
       •     requires more detailed disclosures, and
       •     a range of transition options exists



                                                                                                                         | 27 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2017

                 NZ IFRS 16 will not have any effect on the total amount of cash flows reported but it is expected to have an
                 effect on the presentation of cash flows. This is because, applying NZ IAS 17Leases, cash flows relating to
                 operating leases are presented as cash flows from operating activities while applying NZ IFRS 16 will result
                 in the presentation within financial activities of cash flows relating to the repayment of principal on lease
                 liabilities.
                 The accounting requirements for lessors are substantially the same as those in NZ IAS 17. A lessor, therefore,
                 continues to classify its leases as operating leases or finance leases, and continues to account for those two
                 types of leases differently.
                 NZ IFRS 16 is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019. Earlier application is
                 permitted but only if an entity applies NZ IFRS 15Revenue from Contracts with Customers at the same time.
                 Management has made a preliminary assessment of the impact of adopting this policy on the Group financial
                 statements and has determined that it will be material.
                 (b)       NZ IFRS 15 – Revenue from Contracts with Customers (effective date from 1 January 2018)
                 NZIFRS 15 establishes principles for reporting useful information to users of financial statements about the
                 nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from an entity’s contracts with
                 customers. The core principle of NZ IFRS 15 is that an entity recognises revenue to depict the transfer of
                 promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity
                 expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
                 Due to the nature of revenue and short life cycle of the majority of contract revenues, Directors preliminary
                 evaluation has indicated that there is no material effect on the Group’s results, but additional disclosures may
                 be required. 
                 (c)       NZ IFRS 9 – Financial instruments – classification and measurement
                 		        (effective date from 1 January 2019)
                 NZIFRS 9 addresses the classification, measurement and de-recognition of financial assets, financial
                 liabilities, impairment of financial assets and hedge accounting. The standard includes a revised model for
                 classification and measurement, and will result in changes to financial statement disclosures. Management
                 does not expect a significant change to the way in which the Group measures its financial statements as a
                 result, but has not performed a full assessment.




         3.	     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
                 In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in Note 2, the Directors are
                 required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and
                 liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are
                 based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ
                 from these estimates.
                 The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
                 estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period,
                 or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.
         3.1     Annual Goodwill Impairment Testing
                 Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the value in use of the Electronic Content
                 Management cash-generating unit which is also known as SDL Software. The value in use calculation
                 requires the Directors to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from this cash generating unit and
                 a suitable discount rate in order to calculate present value.
                 The carrying value of goodwill at each reporting date was $938,000 (2016: $938,000).
                 The recoverable amount of goodwill has been determined based on the budget, approved by the Directors
                 covering the reporting period to 30 June 2017, and forecast sales based on assessments of the current
                 market opportunities through existing distribution channels net of forecast costs, through to the end of 2021,
                 at a post-tax discount rate of 5.6% (2016: 5.6%). Cash flows beyond 2021 have not been taken into account
                 and no terminal value was determined.




| 28 |
      The revenue assumptions used for the forecast period are based on management expectations supported
      by existing prospects for the budget period and allow for growth of 2.5% (2016: 2.5%) per annum over the
      balance of the forecast period. The assumptions are subject to fundamental uncertainties, particularly those
      surrounding future license sales which comprise a substantial portion of projected revenues and hence only
      inflationary growth rates have been applied. Gross margin is forecast to be consistent through the budget
      and forecast period.
      In determining whether there was any impairment of goodwill associated with the SDL Software operations,
      forecasts were prepared based on estimates for all the products sold in each market.



4.	   REVENUE & OTHER INCOME
       2017
      		    2016
      		
       $000 $000

      Sales income		                                                                        19,788          16,185
      Revenue		19,788                                                                                       16,185
      Government grant revenue		                                                               131              76
      Rent 		                                                                                   72              61
      Operating Revenue		                                                                      203             137


5.	EXPENSES
      		    2017 2016
       Note $000 $000
      Auditor’s remuneration                                                      6             76              73
      Freight, postage & external print		                                                    6,892           4,112
      Directors remuneration - directors fees                                    30            523             605
      Loss / (gain) on foreign exchange		                                                      (10)             68
      Rental and operating lease expenses		                                                    692             739
      Redundancy costs		                                                                        34              20
      Research & development		                                                                 334             330
      Salaries		5,226                                                                                        4,539
      Superannuation (KiwiSaver)		                                                             138             128
      Employee entitlements – share based payments		                                            28              38
      Donations		                                                                                3                   1
      Other expenses		                                                                       3,968           3,974
      Total Operating Expenses		                                                            17,904          14,627


6.	   AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
       2017
      		    2016
       $000 $000
      Audit fees – statutory audit		                                                            52              50
      Tax compliance and advisory services		                                                    24              23
      Total auditors’ remuneration		                                                            76              73




                                                                                                                         | 29 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2017


         7.	INTEREST
                  2017
                 		    2016
                  $000 $000
                 Interest received 		                                                                                             (6)                  (15)
                 Interest on borrowings under finance facilities			                                                                                      5
                 Interest on borrowings		                                                                                          5                      -
                 Net interest received		                                                                                          (1)                  (10)


         8.	     INCOME TAX EXPENSE
         8.1     Current Tax
                  2017
                 		    2016
                  $000 $000
                 Income tax expense comprises:
                 Current tax expense		                                                                                          517                    437
                 Deferred tax expense relating to the origination and reversal of temporary differences                         (25)                   (14)
                 Total tax expense		                                                                                            492                    423

                 The total charge for the reporting period can be reconciled to the accounting loss as follows:

                 Net profit before income tax		                                                                               1,802              1,439
                 Income tax at company tax rate (1)		504                                                                                               403
                 Non-deductible expenses		                                                                                        10                    13
                 Temporary timing differences		                                                                                 (25)                   (18)
                 Temporary differences not recognised		                                                                             -                     -
                 Other		 3                                                                                                                              25
                 Other tax losses not previously recognised		                                                                       -                     -
                 Income tax expense		                                                                                           492                    423

                 (1)
                       The Group tax rate of 28% (2016: 28%) has been used. This is the tax rate applicable to the territory where Solution Dynamics
                 Limited, the primary tax paying entity, is domiciled.


                 At 30 June 2017 there are imputation credits available of $472,000 (2016: $136,000) for use in subsequent
                 reporting periods.


         8.2     Deferred Tax
                  2017
                 		    2016
                 		
                  $000 $000

                 Temporary differences			
                 Depreciable and amortisable assets		                                                                             (7)                  (21)
                 Accruals and provisions		                                                                                      115                    106
                 				108                                                                                                                                85
                 Net deferred tax asset not recognised		                                                                            -                     -
                 Deferred tax recognised		                                                                                      108                     85




| 30 |
       Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences are only recognised to the extent that it
       is probable that taxable profits will be available against which the deductible temporary differences can be
       utilised.
       A deferred tax asset has also not been recognised by the Group in respect of unused tax losses of $22,000
       by HM Revenue & Customs (2016: $115,000). The losses are subject to confirmation by HM Revenue &
       Customs.



9.	    EARNINGS PER SHARE (EPS)
        2017
       		    2016
       		
        $000 $000

       Net profit for the year attributable to ordinary shareholders		                           1,310            1,016

       Basic			
       Weighted average number of ordinary shares (000’s)		                                     14,060           14,060

       		Cents                                                                                                   Cents
       Basic earnings per share		                                                                   9.3                 7.2
       					
       Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net profit after tax attributable to equity holders of
       the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the reporting period,
       adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the reporting period.

       Diluted			
       Weighted average number of ordinary shares (000’s)		                                     14,060           14,060
       Adjustment for share options		                                                              580              580
       Weighted average 		                                                                      14,640           14,640

       		Cents                                                                                                   Cents
       Diluted earnings per share		                                                                 8.9                 6.9


       Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares
       outstanding to assume conversion of all potentially dilutive ordinary shares. Options are convertible into the
       Company’s shares, and are therefore considered dilutive securities for diluted earnings per share.



10.	   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
        2017
       		    2016
       		
        $000 $000

       Cash and cash equivalents		                                                               2,080            1,422
       Total Finance Facility and Cash 		                                                        2,080            1,422


       Solution Dynamics has an overdraft facility in place with the ANZ Bank at an interest rate of 12.35% p.a.
       (2016: 12.25%). This facility is to support the operational requirements of the Group, is interest only and is
       secured by first ranking debenture over the assets of the Group.




                                                                                                                              | 31 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2017

                 At period end, the ANZ Bank has imposed no financial covenants to secure the existing facilities. The Group
                 maintains a $200,000 overdraft facility that was unused at the reporting date 2016: $200,000). The Group
                 now holds a net cash position with no bank debt (2016: $Nil).
                 At the end of the reporting period the Bank provided commercial guarantees totalling $65,000 (2016:
                 $65,000) to the Group’s suppliers.



         11.	    INVENTORIES AND WORK IN PROGRESS
                  2017
                 		    2016
                 		
                  $000 $000

                 Work in Progress		                                                                           73              61
                 Inventory		79                                                                                                48
                 Total Inventories and Work in Progress		                                                   152              109



         12.	    RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS
                 Transactions between related parties include transactions with subsidiaries, shareholders, directors and their
                 companies and senior executives. All transactions are at arm’s length. Transactions with SDL’s subsidiary
                 Solution Dynamics International Limited are completed under a supplier agreement on similar terms to those
                 previously struck with third party channel partners.
                 Related party transactions from 1 July 2016 to 30 June 2017 were as follows:
                 •    Key management were paid $818,267 (as employees of Solution Dynamics Limited and including the
                      calculated benefit of the employee share option plan) during the reporting period (2016: $933,872) and
                      were owed $73,615, including annual leave, at 30 June 2017 (2016: $64,805).
                 •    During the year ended 30 June 2017 there were sales of $361,005 (2016: $147,995) between Solution
                      Dynamics Limited and its wholly owned UK subsidiary Solution Dynamics International Limited. Solution
                      Dynamics International traded at a profit / (loss) of $90,714 (2016: ($3,322)). At the reporting date there
                      was a receivable of $126,770 (2016: $164,938) due to the Company.


         13.	    TRADE & OTHER RECEIVABLES
                  2017
                 		    2016
                 		
                  $000 $000

                 Trade receivables		                                                                      2,283            1,966
                 Allowance for doubtful debts		                                                                -                -
                 				2,283                                                                                                 1,966
                 Allowance for credit notes		                                                               (10)              (5)
                 Total trade receivables				                                                              2,273            1,961
                 Sundry debtors		                                                                             93             110
                 Total Trade & Other Receivables		                                                        2,366            2,071




| 32 |
       Trading terms & aging of past due trade receivables
       The Group’s trading terms require settlement by the 20th of the month following the date of invoice. At the
       reporting date the Group had past due debtors of $156,000 (2016: $229,000) for which an allowance of $Nil
       (2016: $Nil) was made. There has not been a significant change in credit quality therefore the amounts are
       considered recoverable. The Group does not hold any collateral over these balances.
        2017
       		    2016
       		
        $000 $000

       30 – 60 days		                                                                          130             192
       60 – 90 days		                                                                           10               37
       90 – 120 days		                                                                          16                   -
       Total overdue trade receivables		                                                       156             229


       Movement in allowance for doubtful debts
        2017
       		    2016
       		
        $000 $000

       Balance at the beginning of the reporting period		                                         -                  -
       Accounts written off as uncollectable		                                                    -                  -
       Total allowance for doubtful debts		                                                       -                  -


       In assessing the recoverability of trade receivables, the Group considers any change in the quality of
       the trade receivables from the date that the credit was initially granted up to the reporting date. The
       concentration of credit risk is limited with the largest customer comprising 11% (2016: 21%) of the gross
       trade receivable balance, 99% of the outstanding balance is less than 60 days old (2016: 98%). Accordingly,
       the directors believe that no further adjustments for credit are required in excess of the allowance for
       doubtful debts.
       For the reporting period there are no provisions against third parties (2016: $Nil).



14.	   OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
        2017
       		    2016
       		
        $000 $000

       Sundry creditors		                                                                      226             155
       Payroll accruals		                                                                      236             201
       Provision for tax		                                                                     192             207
       Provision for deferred income		                                                         188             333
       Audit fees accrued		                                                                     61               35
       Total Other Current Liabilities		                                                       903             931




                                                                                                                         | 33 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2017


         15.	    OTHER NON-FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
                  2017
                 		    2016
                 		
                  $000 $000

                 PAYE		104                                                                                                  105
                 GST		301                                                                                                   252
                  Total Non-Financial Liabilities		                                                         405             357


         16.	    EMPLOYEE BENEFIT LIABILITIES
                  2017
                 		    2016
                 		
                  $000 $000

                 Provision for sick pay		                                                                     5                  3
                 Provision for long service leave		                                                          84                 63
                 Provision for holiday pay 		                                                               358             318
                 Total Employee Benefit Liabilities		                                                       447             384

                 Provisions for sick and long service leave are based on the Group’s estimate of the present value of future
                 costs assuming payroll inflation rate of 2.0%.



         17.	BORROWINGS(1)
                      Minimum future                                                                          Present value of
                      lease payments                                                                           minimum future
                  		                                                                                                payments
                    2017        2016                                                                      2017           2016
                    $000        $000                                                                      $000           $000
                 Not later than one year                                         -           11                -                10
                 Later than one year and not later than five years               -             -               -                 -
                 Minimum future lease payments                                   -           11               -                 10
                 Less future finance charges                                     -           (1)               -                 -
                 Present value of future lease payments                          -           10               -                 10
                 Total borrowings                                                -           10               -                 10

                 Included in the financial statements as:				
                 Current borrowings			                                                                         -                10
                 Non-current borrowings			                                                                     -                 -
                 Total			 -                                                                                                     10

                 (1)
                       All Borrowings are held by Solution Dynamics Limited

                 There are no finance leases outstanding. Finance leases in the prior year incurred interest at (2016: 9.3%).
                 The finance leases were secured against the asset for which the finance was obtained (Note 18).
                 The carrying value of finance leases approximates fair value, being the discounted future lease payments.




| 34 |
18.	   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
           Plant & Finance Furniture     Leasehold                                                              Total
         Machinery Leased  & Fittings Improvements
       		           Plant &			
       		Machinery		
                                                       $000           $000         $000             $000        $000
       Cost					
       Balance 1 July 2015                             1,946            55          136              263       2,400
       Additions                                        107               -            5             280            392
       Disposals                                           -              -            -               (6)           (6)
       Balance 30 June 2016                            2,053            55          141              537       2,786
       Transfers                                          55           (55)            -                -             -
       Additions                                          72              -            4               25           101
       Disposals                                           -              -            -                -             -
       Balance 30 June 2017                            2,180              -         145              562       2,887


       Accumulated depreciation					
       Balance 1 July 2015                             1,520            21          130              170       1,841
       Depreciation expense                             157             14             1               80           252
       Disposals                                           -              -            -               (9)           (9)
       Balance 30 June 2016                            1,677            35          131              241       2,084
       Transfers                                          35           (35)            -                -             -
       Depreciation expense                             126               -            6               76           208
       Disposals                                           -              -            -                -             -
       Balance 30 June 2017                            1,838              -         137              317       2,292


       Carrying amount					
       Balance 1 July 2015                              426             34             6               93           559
       Balance 30 June 2016                             376             20            10             296            702
       Balance 30 June 2017                             342               -            8             245            595


       As at 30 June 2017 assets with a total value of $Nil (2016: $20,000) were held as security against finance
       leases with a net present value at 30 June 2017 of $Nil (2016: $10,000).




                                                                                                                           | 35 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2017


         19.	    IDENTIFIABLE INTANGIBLES, FINITE LIFE
                   Software  Software Software Finance                                                                      Total
                     - Déjar  - Bremy		        Leased
                 				Software
                                                                  $000          $000         $000           $000            $000
                 Cost					
                 Balance 1 July 2015                             2,090           110          718                7       2,925
                 Additions - purchased                                -             -         280                -           280
                  Disposals                                           -             -             -              -              -
                 Balance 30 June 2016                            2,090           110          998                7       3,205
                  Transfers                                           -             -             7           (7)               -
                  Additions - purchased                               -             -            94              -            94
                  Balance 30 June 2017                           2,090           110        1,099                -       3,299


                  Accumulated amortisation					
                  Balance 1 July 2015                            2,088           110          712                3       2,913
                  Amortisation expense                                -             -            12              2            14
                  Balance 30 June 2016                           2,088           110          724                5       2,927
                  Transfers                                           -             -             5           (5)               -
                  Amortisation expense                               2              -            76              -            78
                  Balance 30 June 2017                           2,090           110          805                -       3,005


                  Carrying amount					
                  Balance 1 July 2015                                2              -             6              4            12
                  Balance 30 June 2016                               2              -         274                2           278
                  Balance 30 June 2017                                -            -          294                -           294


                  Déjar software (intellectual property) includes software costs of $1,400,000 purchased from Efactor and Déjar
                  Holdings.



         20.	GOODWILL
                 		Déjar Bremy Total
                 		$000   $000 $000

                 Balance at beginning of year		                                            215            723                938
                 Additions		-                                                                                -                  -
                 Net carrying amount		                                                     215            723               938


                 Goodwill has arisen on the acquisition of a business previously controlled by Déjar Holdings Limited and
                 Bremy Limited. For impairment testing purposes, goodwill is determined to be associated with the SDL
                 Software cash generating unit.
                 No accumulated impairment losses have been recognised against the goodwill.




| 36 |
       The carrying value of goodwill is tested on an annual basis through assessment of the value-in-use of the
       SDL Software cash generating unit. The cash flows used in the value-in-use calculations are based firstly
       on the management budget for the 2018 year followed by management forecasts over a further three-year
       period. Cash flows after 2021 have not been taken into account. Management has projected growth in sales
       for the Déjar and Bremy products at 2.5% per annum for the 2018-2021 forecast period because it reflects
       inflation. Growth above inflation has not been projected due to there being uncertainty around this.
       The pre-tax discount rate used in the impairment calculation is 24.5% (2016: 24.5%). The equivalent post-
       tax nominal rate for the forecast cash flows is 5.6% (2016: 5.6%). In the Directors’ view this represents the
       rate that the market would expect on an investment of equivalent risk. There has been no impairment in the
       reporting period (2016: $Nil).
20.1   Sensitivity to Changes in Assumptions
       As at 30 June 2017, the date of the Group’s annual impairment test, the estimated recoverable amount of the
       indefinite life intangible assets exceeded their carrying amount by $2,195,000 (2016: $2,445,000).
       If the following variables used in the annual impairment testing were to change as indicated, the following
       change in the estimated recoverable amount of the indefinite life intangible assets would result:
       •   Increase in sales growth from 2.5% to 5% per annum		                                             $173,000
       •   Decrease in sales growth from 2.5% to 0%                                                        ($167,000)
       •   Increase in cost of capital rate from 5.6% to 8.4%                                              ($156,000)
       •   Decrease in the cost of capital rate from 5.6% to 3.7%                                           $114,000
       •   Improving the gross margin by 5%		                                                               $331,000
       •   Reducing the gross margin by 5%				                                                             ($331,000)


21.	   SHARE CAPITAL
        2017
       		    2016
       		
        $000 $000

       Ordinary Shares			
       Balance at beginning of year				                                                        5,169            5,169
       Shares issued				                                                                            -                  -
       Share Capital at End of Year				                                                        5,169            5,169


       The Company had 14,059,810 (2016: 14,059,810) ordinary shares on issue as at 30 June 2017. All ordinary
       shares ranked equally with one vote attached to each fully paid ordinary share and share equally in dividends
       and surplus on winding up.



22.	   ACCUMULATED LOSSES
        2017
       		    2016
       		
        $000 $000

       Balance at beginning of reporting period			                                            (2,266)         (2,649)
       Net operating profit after income tax			                                                1,310            1,016
       Payment of dividends			                                                                  (808)           (633)
       Accumulated Losses at end of reporting period		                                        (1,764)         (2,266)




                                                                                                                           | 37 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2017


         23.	    EMPLOYEE REMUNERATION
                 Remuneration includes salaries, bonuses and other benefits including non-cash benefits. The number of
                 employees with total remuneration exceeding $100,000 in each of the following bands was:
                  2017
                 		    2016
                 		
                  $000 $000

                 $100,000 to $109,999		                                                                  3                  -
                 $110,000 to $119,999		                                                                  2                 2
                 $120,000 to $129,999		                                                                   -                1
                 $130,000 to $139,999		                                                                  1                  -
                 $140,000 to $149,999		                                                                   -                1
                 $160,000 to $169,999		                                                                  1                  -
                 $170,000 to $179,999		                                                                   -                1
                 $180,000 to $189,999		                                                                  1                 1
                 $200,000 to $209,999		                                                                  1                  -
                 $210,000 to $219,999		                                                                  1                 1
                 $230,000 to $239,999		                                                                   -                1
                 $410,000 to $419,999		                                                                  1                  -
                 $510,000 to $519,999		                                                                   -                1
                 Total staff with remuneration exceeding $100,000		                                     11                 9


         24.	    RECONCILIATION OF NET LOSS AFTER INCOME TAX FOR YEAR WITH NET CASH
                 INFLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
                  2017
                 		    2016
                 		
                  $000 $000

                 Net profit / (loss) after income tax		                                              1,310           1,016

                 Adjustments:			
                 Depreciation and amortisation of assets		                                             286               266
                 Loss / (gain) on foreign exchange		                                                   (10)               68
                 Interest expense (reclassified as financing activity)		                                  -                5
                 Interest income (reclassified as financing activity)		                                 (1)              (15)
                 Other non-cash items		                                                                 14                54
                 Cash flow from trading		                                                            1,599           1,394
                 		
                  2017
                 		    2016
                 		
                  $000 $000

                 Add movements in working capital:			
                 (Increase) in trade & other receivables		                                            (295)          (330)
                 (Increase) in inventories and work in progress		                                      (43)              (37)
                 (Increase) in prepayments		                                                           (20)              (16)
                 Increase / (decrease) in other current liabilities		                                  (30)              154
                 Increase in other non-financial liabilities		                                          48                96
                 Increase in trade creditors		                                                         347               127
                 Increase / (decrease) in employee benefit liabilities		                                75               (26)
                 				 82                                                                                                 (32)
                  Net Cash Flows From Operating Activities		                                         1,681           1,362




| 38 |
25.	   OPERATING LEASE COMMITMENTS
       Operating leases include the property at 18 Canaveral Drive and other equipment. Operating leases have
       remaining lease terms of 1- 6 years. The initial term of the 18 Canaveral Drive lease has been varied and
       now terminates in September 2022 with a right, subject to penalty, to terminate from September 2020. The
       Canaveral Drive lease has a biennial inflationary rent review clause. The Group does not have an option to
       purchase the leased assets at the expiry of the lease period.
       At each reporting date the Group had the following operating lease commitments:
        2017
       		    2016
       		
        $000 $000

       Less than 1 year		                                                                        891              827
       1 to 2 years		                                                                            903              815
       2 to 5 years		                                                                          2,215           2,236
       More than 5 years		                                                                       102              708
       Total Operating Lease Commitments		                                                     4,111           4,586


       A portion of the Canaveral Drive premises lease are sub-leased on month to month terms. This results in a
       reduction in rental expense. Rental income during the 2017 year totalled $71,644 (2016: $60,693) associated
       with these rental agreements. The current full year rental on the Canaveral Drive property is $530,452 (2016:
       511,827).



26.	   SEGMENT INFORMATION
       The Group operates in one business segment, the supply of customer communication solutions. These
       include a range of integrated document management products and services separated into four streams;
       outsource services, technology & development services, intelligent imaging and output services. Specific
       elements of these streams are as follows:
       •   Software & Technology, Solution Dynamics owns the intellectual property in three products;
           ◊    Déjar, an online digital archival and retrieval system sold stand-alone under licence agreements and
                also as a hosted service in New Zealand and Internationally.
           ◊    Bremy, Digital asset management, workflow and multichannel publishing software sold as a
                licenced product and also as a hosted service in New Zealand, Australia and the UK.
           ◊    Composer, “On-Demand” content creation software.
           ◊    DéjarMail, is a web browser-based desktop mail management solution which allows customers to
                route mail correspondence to SDL or any other service provider for printing and delivery.
       In addition to owning the intellectual property for the above products, Solution Dynamics provides
       programming, consulting and design services that help clients to distribute marketing and essential
       communications by mail and electronically. The provision of these services is covered under this category.
       •   Digital Printing & Document Handling Services, the printing of client’s information digitally using high
           speed laser printers followed by the lodgement and distribution of those documents using a variety of
           machine and other processes.
       •   Outsourced Services, not all components of Solution Dynamics’ solutions are produced internally.
           External elements such as post, freight, paper and envelopes are sourced from external suppliers and
           included in this service stream. Solution Dynamics has long term arrangements with a number of key
           suppliers such as New Zealand Post for the provision of these services.
       An overhead structure including sales, marketing and administration departments provides services for all of
       the above revenue streams.
       There are no reconciling items in this note due to the management information provided to the Chief
       Operating Decision Maker, the CEO Nelson Siva, being compiled using the same standards and accounting
       policies as those used to prepare the financial statements.




                                                                                                                        | 39 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2017

                 Segment Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
                 		 2017		2016
                 		 $000 % $000                                                                                                %

                 Software & Technology                                      5,066           25%          4,448              27%
                 Digital Printing & Document Handling Services              6,712           34%          6,120              38%
                 Outsourced services                                        8,213           41%          5,754              35%
                 Total revenue                                             19,991          100%         16,322              100%

                 Less cost of sales                                        12,274           61%          9,239              57%
                 Gross margin                                               7,717           39%          7,083              43%

                 Selling, general & administration                          5,630           28%          5,388              33%
                 Earnings before interest, tax,
                 depreciation & amortisation                                2,087           11%          1,695              10%

                 Less:				
                 Depreciation                                                 208             1%           252               1%
                 Amortisation                                                  78             0%            14               0%
                 Interest                                                      (1)            0%           (10)              0%
                 Tax                                                          492             3%           423               3%
                 Operating profit                                           1,310             7%         1,016               6%

                 Segment Assets
                 Assets are not segmented between service streams.
                 Information about Major Customers
                 Included in revenues for the Group of $20.0 million (2016: $16.3 million) are services revenues of $2.16
                 million (2016: $1.6 million) which arose from sales to the Group’s largest customer.
                 Geographical Information
                 The Group has customers in New Zealand, Australia and Europe.
                                                                                  Revenue from		
                                                                             External Customers Non-current Assets
                                                                              2017         2016  2017        2016
                                                                              $000         $000  $000        $000
                 New Zealand                                                16,658        14,427            2,008           2,065
                 Australia                                                      380          467                  -             -
                 Europe                                                       2,953        1,428                  -             -
                 Total                                                      19,991        16,322            2,008           2,065


         27.	    CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
                 There were no contingent liabilities at reporting date for the Group (2016: $Nil).



         28.	    CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                 The Group had no capital commitments at the reporting date (2016: $Nil).




| 40 |
29.	   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
29.1   Credit Risk
       Financial instruments that potentially subject the Group to concentrations of credit risk consist principally
       of trade & other receivables. The maximum credit risk is the carrying value of these financial instruments;
       however the Group does not consider the risk of non-recovery of these accounts to be material.
       In the normal course of its business the Group incurs credit risk from trade receivables and transactions
       with financial institutions. The Group has a credit policy, which is used to manage this exposure to credit
       risk. As part of this policy, credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit. The Group
       does not have any significant concentrations of credit risk, excluding the single largest customer referred
       to in Note 13. This customer is not viewed as a credit risk due to trading and payment history. The Group
       does not require any collateral or security to support financial instruments as it only deposits with, or loans
       to banks and other financial institutions with credit ratings of no less than AA-. It does not expect the non-
       performance of any obligations that are not provided for at reporting date.
29.2   Categories of Financial Instruments
       		2017			                                  2016
       		                                  $000			$000
                      Financial		 Financial                                                             Financial
       		 Liabilities at		             Assets at                                                     Liabilities at
            Loans &  Amortised		      Amortised                                                        Amortised
         Receivables      Cost  Total      Cost                                                               Cost          Total
       Assets						
       Cash & cash equivalents (Note 10)          2,080             -         2,080       1,422                  -        1,422
       Trade & other receivables (Note 13)        2,366             -         2,366       2,071                  -        2,071
       Total Financial Assets                     4,446             -         4,446       3,493                  -        3,493
       Total non-financial assets			                                          2,256			                                    2,250
       Total Assets			                                                        6,702			                                    5,743

       Liabilities						
       Trade creditors                                 -       1,428          1,428             -          1,081          1,081
       Other current liabilities (Note 14)             -          903          903              -            931             931
       Borrowings (Note 17)                            -            -             -             -              10             10
       Total Financial Liabilities                     -       2,331          2,331             -          2,022          2,022
       Total non-financial liabilities			                                      852			                                        741
       Total Liabilities			                                                   3,183			                                    2,763

       The carrying values of the financial instruments above are equivalent to their fair values.
29.3   Maturity Date of Financial Instruments
                Weighted					Gross
        Average Effective Less than   1 - 3 3 Months   1-5  Nominal                                                       Carrying
            Interest Rate  1 Month  Months  to 1 Year Years Outflow                                                         Value
       		 $000                       $000       $000  $000    $000                                                           $000

       2017							
       Non-interest bearing                                 n/a     1,551         747     33          -     2,331          2,331
       Finance lease liability                              n/a           -           -     -         -               -         -
       		 1,551                                                                   747      33         -     2,331          2,331
       2016 							
       Non-interest bearing                                 n/a         663     1,090     259         -     2,012          2,012
       Finance lease liability                             9.3%           2           7     2         -          11           10
       		                                                               665     1,097     261         -     2,023          2,022




                                                                                                                                     | 41 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2017

         29.4    Interest Rates
                 The following table details the Group’s weighted average effective interest rates for financial liabilities at
                 reporting date.
                  2017
                 		    2016
                 Financial Liabilities:
                 Finance facility (overdraft rate)		                                                              12.35% 12.25%
                 Borrowings – finance lease liabilities (fixed rate)		                                                 n/a        9.3%


         29.5    Foreign Currency Risk Management
                 Hosting and license sales linked to SDL Software operations are denominated in foreign currency and sold
                 under standard terms and conditions. Any variation in exchange rate between the date of sale and the
                 date cash is received is accounted for as a foreign exchange gain/loss in the period in which it occurs. For
                 material individual transactions in foreign currencies the Group has a policy of taking forward exchange.
                 At 30 June 2017 of total trade receivables of $2,283,000 (2016: $1,966,000) a total of $470,000 (2016:
                 $125,000) was in foreign currencies. $398,000 (2016: $70,000) of the foreign currency receivables were
                 denominated in European currencies with the remainder of the balance in AUD $.
                 In addition to the trade receivables of $470,000 (2016: $125,000) held in foreign currencies at the end of the
                 reporting period, a further $194,000 (2016: $90,000) in cash was also held in foreign currencies. Adjusted
                 for offsetting payables balances, a movement in the exchange rate of 10% would give rise to an exchange
                 fluctuation of $14,100.
                 Trading operations for the UK and Europe are largely undertaken through SDL’s UK subsidiary Solution
                 Dynamics International Limited (SDIL). At period end the net assets for SDIL, comprising largely working
                 capital, was a credit balance of NZ$36,000 (2016: NZ$132,000) with cash and receivable balances as noted
                 above.
                 At 30 June 2017, the reporting date no forward exchange contracts were held (2016: $Nil). The Directors
                 believe that any sensitivity to foreign exchange risk is not material.
                 The foreign exchange gains or losses disclosed in Note 5 relate to trade and other receivables.
         29.6    Liquidity Risk Management
                 Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the Board of Directors, which has built an
                 appropriate liquidity risk management framework for the management of the Group’s short, medium and
                 long-term funding and liquidity management requirements. The Group manages liquidity risk by maintaining
                 adequate reserves, banking facilities and reserve borrowing facilities, by continuously monitoring forecast
                 and actual cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities. With positive cash
                 inflows the Group’s liquidity risk is considered by the Directors to be low.
         29.7    Interest Rate Sensitivity Analysis
                 Interest on finance leases is on fixed rates with no exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. There are no
                 borrowings associated with the finance facility as at the end of the reporting period (2016: $10,000).
                 At 30 June 2017 the interest rate on the finance facility was 12.35% (2016: 12.25%). With a net cash position
                 of $2.08 million (2016: $1.422 million) at the end of the reporting period a material change in the interest
                 expense is not expected.
         29.8    Capital Management
                 The Group manages its capital to ensure that the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while
                 maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balances.
                 Earnings in the Group have again improved on the prior year. The Group is in a net cash position with an
                 improvement of $658,000 on the prior year net cash of $1,412,000. The strengthened cash position is as a
                 result of ongoing strong free cash flows (cash flow from operations net of cash flow from investing). There
                 was an operating profit of $1,310,000 in the current year (2016: $1,016,000) and further improvements are
                 forecast for the 2018 year. The Group has no externally imposed covenants to manage.




| 42 |
        2017
       		    2016
       		
        $000 $000
       Borrowings (Note 17)                                                                          -            (10)
       Cash & Finance facility (Note 10)                                                         2,080           1,422
       Net cash (debt)                                                                           2,080           1,412
       Equity (all capital and reserves)                                                         3,519           2,980
       Net (cash) debt to equity ratio                                                             (59%)         (47%)
       During the year the finance facility was subject to certain conditions which are disclosed in Note 10.



30.	   DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
       The following fees and salaries were paid to Directors during the reporting period:
        2017
       		    2016
       		
        $000 $000
       John McMahon (Chairman)                                                                      45              44
       Nelson Siva (CEO)                                                                           419             503
       Mike Smith (resigned 3 November 2016)                                                         9              23
       Julian Beavis                                                                                25              23
       Elmar Toime                                                                                  25              12
       Total Directors’ Remuneration                                                               523             605


31.	   EMPLOYEE OPTIONS
       On 17 February 2014 the board of Solution Dynamics Limited announced the introduction of an equity
       settled employee share option plan. The general principles of the scheme were:
       •    The maximum aggregate number of share options to be granted pursuant to the plan is 5% of the total
            number of shares on issue.
       •    Options of no more than 1% of the total number of SDL’s shares on issue can be granted to an
            individual staff member.
       •    The exercise price will be determined by the Board based on the market price at the time of issue.
       •    The options may be exercised by the participant (in whole or part) after three years from the date that
            they are granted. The key employees have 18-months from the date of eligibility and must be employed
            by SDL at the date the option is exercised.

                                                                                                 2017          2016
                                                                                             Number of     Number of
                                                                                               Shares        Shares
                                                                                                 $000          $000
       Unvested shares at 1 July                                                                   580             580
       Granted                                                                                       -               -
       Forfeited                                                                                     -               -
       Unvested shares at 30 June – allocated to employees                                         580             580
       Percentage of total ordinary shares                                                       4.1%            4.1%




                                                                                                                         | 43 |
         Solution Dynamics Limited
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
         for the year ended 30 June 2017

                 The fair value of the options granted during the reporting period was $Nil (2016: $Nil). This cost is recognised
                 over the vesting period.
                 Grant Date             Options         Share Price           Exercise         Options             Option		
                                        Issued          at Grant Date         Price            Expire              Value $
                 March 2014             500,000         $0.450                $0.375           Sept 2018           $107,660
                 November 2014          80,000          $0.800                $0.700           May 2019            $29,395


                 The fair value was determined using a Black-Scholes option pricing model that takes into account the
                 exercise price, the term of the option, the share price at grant date and expected price volatility of the
                 underlying share, the dividend yield and the risk free interest rate for the term of the option.
                 In addition to the factors as noted in the table above further inputs for the model included:
                 •    Standard deviation of stock returns 50%. This is based on an analysis of share price movements over
                      the 12-months prior to the issue of the options.
                 •    Dividend yield of 0%.
                 •    Annual risk free rate of 4.08%.


         32.	    SHAREHOLDERS AND SUBSTANTIAL SECURITY HOLDERS
         32.1    The 20 largest shareholders as at 21 July 2017 were:

                 Shareholder                                                                          % of Total          Shares
                 New Zealand Permanent Trustees Limited                                                    11.5%        1,620,000
                 ASB Nominees Limited                                                                      10.7%        1,504,801
                 Philip Hadfield Hardie Boys                                                                8.8%        1,241,330
                 Custodial Services Limited <A/c 4>                                                         7.3%        1,018,910
                 Indrajit Nelson Sivasubramaniam & Tracey Lee Sivasubramaniam                               5.9%          830,000
                 Michael Charles Hare                                                                       5.1%          710,000
                 Accident Compensation Corporation                                                          5.0%          700,000
                 Colin Glenn Giffney                                                                        3.9%          550,000
                 Christopher Veale & Penny Veale                                                            3.7%          517,520
                 Jillian Bernadette Winstanley                                                              2.3%          325,000
                 Investment Custodial Services Limited                                                      1.9%          260,881
                 Custodial Services Limited <A/c 18>                                                        1.7%          240,435
                 Custodial Services Limited <A/c 3>                                                         1.7%          236,055
                 Don Nominees Limited                                                                       1.7%          234,944
                 Roger Dixon Armstrong                                                                      1.6%          231,665
                 Deirdre Elizabeth Tallott                                                                  1.5%          214,444
                 FNZ Custodians Limited - Drp Nz A/C                                                        1.4%          202,143
                 Investment Custodial Services <990027046>                                                  1.4%          200,000
                 Zealandia Asscoiates Limited                                                               1.2%          162,000
                 Anna Lake                                                                                  1.1%          160,000
                 Grand Total                                                                               79.4%      11,160,128

                 A total of 14,059,810 shares were on issue (2016: 14,059,810).




| 44 |
       Size of Shareholding as at 21 July 2017

       Holdings                                                     Shareholders     Shares Held       % of Total
       1-999                                                                  61            5,440            0.0%
       1,000-4,999                                                            41           84,137            0.6%
       5,000-9,999                                                            31         198,141             1.4%
       10,000-49,999                                                          41          787,452            5.6%
       50,000-99,999                                                          16        1,074,512            7.7%
       100,000 and over                                                       26      11,910,128             84.7%
       TOTAL                                                                216       14,059,810          100.0%


32.2   Substantial Security Holders
       According to notices given under the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013, the following persons were
       substantial shareholders in Solution Dynamics Limited as at 21 July 2017:
       Shareholder                                                                     % of Total         Shares
       New Zealand Permanent Trustees Limited (The Aspiring Fund)                          11.5%       1,620,000
       Meta Capital Limited (John McMahon)                                                 10.7%       1,504,801
       Philip Hadfield Hardie Boys (P & K Hardie Boys Family A/C)                           8.8%       1,241,330
       Indrajit Nelson Sivasubramaniam & Tracey Lee Sivasubramaniam                         5.9%         830,000
       Michael Charles Hare                                                                 5.1%         710,000



33.	   EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING DATE
       On 23 August 2017, the directors approved the payment of a fully imputed dividend of 3.25 cents per share
       amounting to $456,944 to be paid on 15 September 2017 (2016: The directors approved the payment
       of a fully imputed dividend of 2.25 cents per share, amounting to $316,446 and Mike Smith advised his
       resignation as a director to be effective at the close of the 2016 annual meeting.)




                                                                                                                     | 45 |
                    COMPANY DIRECTORY

         Nature of Business
         Data management, electronic digital printing, document distribution, web presentment and archiving,
         fulfilment, print services, scanning, data entry and document management.



         Directors                                               AUCKLAND 1142
         John McMahon – Chairman                                 Registered Office and address for service
         Michael Jean Smith (resigned 3 November 2016)           18 Canaveral Drive
         Elmar Toime (appointed 19 February 2016)                Albany
         Julian Beavis                                           AUCKLAND
         Indrajit Nelson Sivasubramaniam (Nelson Siva) –
         Chief Executive Officer                                 PO Box 301248
                                                                 Albany
                                                                 AUCKLAND 0752
         Auditors                                                Tel: +64 (9) 970-7700
         Grant Thornton New Zealand Audit Partnership
         Grant Thornton House
         152 Fanshawe Street                                     Solution Dynamics (International) Limited
         AUCKLAND                                                7 Clarendon Road
                                                                 Borehamwood
                                                                 Herts WD6 1BD
         Bankers                                                 UNITED KINGDOM
         ANZ National Bank Limited                               Tel: +44 (20) 8953-2835
         Level 20, ANZ Centre
         23 - 29 Albert Street
         AUCKLAND
                                                                 Déjar International Limited
                                                                 18 Canaveral Drive
                                                                 Albany
         Legal Representative
                                                                 AUCKLAND
         Stephen Layburn
         Level 3, 175 Queen Street
                                                                 PO Box 301248
         AUCKLAND
                                                                 Albany
                                                                 AUCKLAND 0752
                                                                 Tel: +64 (9) 970-7700
         Share Registry
         Computershare Investor Services
         Level 2, 159 Hurstmere Rd
         Takapuna
         AUCKLAND

         Private Bag 92119
         Auckland Mail Centre




| 46 |
SOLUTION DYNAMICS
ON THE WEB
www.solutiondynamics.com
www.dejar.com
www.bremy.com




                           | 47 |
www.solutiondynamics.com
