          Sim plify in g Busi ne ss




Annual Report 2020

                               | 1 |
                                                  2020 Key Points


        An n u a l
        Sh a re h o l d e rs
        Me et i n g                               > Record net profit after tax up
                                                   255% to $1.87 million
        The Annual Meeting of shareholders will
        be held at 10:30am on Thursday, 22nd      > Normalised net profit after tax up
        October 2020, as an online meeting         211% to $1.64 million
        with details to be provided when the
        Company provides the Notice of Meeting    > Dividends per share of 9.0 cents
        to shareholders.
                                                   (prior year 4.0 cents)

                                                  > Revenue up 35% to $34.0 million

                                                  > International revenue surpasses
                                                   NZ revenue

                                                  > EBITDA up 88% to $4.4 million

                                                  > Net cash on hand $5.0 million

                                                  > Further earnings growth expected
                                                   in FY2021




| 2 |
Contents




2020 Key Points. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  2


Management Discussion and Analysis. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  4


Independent Auditor’s Report. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16




Consolidated Financial Statements for the
Year Ended 30 June 2020


Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19


Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19


Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20


Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21


Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23




Statement of Corporate Governance. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 57


Company Directory. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 67




                                                                                                                                                              | 3 |
        Management Discussion
        and Analysis

        FY2020 Result Overview
        Solution Dynamics Limited (“SDL” or “Company”) recorded a net profit after tax of $1.87 million for FY2020, well
        ahead of $0.53 million in the prior year. This result includes a net gain of $0.23 million that is one-off in nature
        (details in Financial Performance section) so the normalised profit for FY2020 is $1.63 million. The Company
        continues to see substantial growth in overall international business driven from its Software & Technology
        platforms, with a range of new customer wins contributing progressively over the year. This was partly offset by
        COVID-19 revenue and gross margin headwinds which have acted as a drag on results with NZ revenues affected
        slightly but UK/EU revenues significantly down. Additionally, SDL continues to add staff resources offshore to
        both bring on new customer wins and expand business development activity so Selling, General & Administration
        (“SG&A”) expenses continue to trend structurally higher.

        Cash flow from operations was $5.77 million (FY2019 $1.30 million) and the net cash position at year end was
        $5.01 million (FY2019 $1.18 million). The year-end cash position is abnormally high, reflecting unusually favourable
        timing of year-end debtor and creditor cash flows (creditors are also elevated at year end), along with prepayment
        receipts of (very low margin) postage by some clients (totalling around $1.5 million).

        The directors have declared a final dividend of 6.0 cents per share (FY2019 2.0 cents) fully imputed, making a total
        dividend for FY2020 of 9.0 cents per share (FY2019 4.0 cents).

        CEO Status
        SDL’s CEO, Nelson Siva, is currently receiving medical treatment. He is making good progress and the directors’
        current expectation is that he will re-engage in the business over September.

        New Accounting Standard Applied in FY2020
        SDL’s FY2020 financial statements show a different result for the prior year of FY2019 than the FY2019 annual
        report. This is the result of an FY2020 accounting standards change (from NZ IAS 17 to NZ IFRS 16) that alters
        how leases are treated. Previously, lease expense was typically either a cost of goods sold item (where it related to
        production items such as print equipment) or an administration cost item (e.g. the cost of renting the Company’s
        premises) and no liability for operating leases was recorded on the Company’s balance sheet. The new accounting
        standard requires leases to be capitalised so that the balance sheet shows a “Right of Use” asset along with a “Right
        of Use” liability equivalent to the present value of future lease payments owing (the asset and liability approximately
        offset). The Profit or Loss Statement now shows the lease expense in two lines: mainly through depreciation of the
        right of use asset, and through an interest charge for an implied cost of funds on the right of use liability.

        The net effect on the reported profit is minimal; it is largely a case of moving the lease expense cost into
        depreciation and interest costs. This does though have the effect of increasing SDL’s EBITDA (by around $0.9
        million in FY2020). The cash flow statement is similarly changed with cash flow from operating activities increasing
        and being offset by an increase in the cash outflow from financing activities.

        SDL has adopted the fully retrospective approach which means the financial statements from the prior period (i.e.
        FY2019) are restated to conform with the new NZ IFRS 16 standard, allowing a like-for-like comparison between
        the two years. See Note 2.2.5 to the Financial Statements for details of restatement changes to FY2019 figures.




| 4 |
Effects of COVID-19
The key outcome of COVID-19 has been SDL’s success to date in ensuring its staff remained safe, after strict health
monitoring and effective work practices were put in place early and rigorously adhered to. The use of segregated
teams, health monitoring, and controlled facility access helped ensure no SDL staff member has been infected by
COVID-19. These measures are expected to remain in place for an extended period or until a vaccine is available.
A range of SDL’s clients are essential services businesses and consequently the Company continued partial onsite
production operations throughout the New Zealand lockdown. The Company’s non-production employees were
able to work successfully from home, including SDL’s international staff. The Company deeply appreciates the
efforts and cooperation by staff in their flexibility, assistance and compliance with health requirements, and thanks
them for perseverance and maintaining morale in difficult operating circumstances.

SDL has seen several financial effects from COVID which are estimated to have had an aggregate moderately
negative impact on the FY2020 result.

Given some of SDL’s customers are essential services, revenue during the New Zealand lockdown period only
declined by around 15%, a better result than had initially been anticipated, but nevertheless causing a drag on New
Zealand profitability over a three month period. SDL claimed the New Zealand government’s wage subsidy on the
basis that revised budgets at the start of lockdown suggested revenue would decline by slightly more than 30%,
however, when this did not eventuate, the wage subsidy was returned.

SDL’s UK volumes were materially affected as large parts of that economy slowed significantly during lockdown,
including one large client whose activity declined around 85%. The UK economy has been slow to recover and, at
the time of this report has seen a slight uplift in activity as the government there is attempting to slowly normalise
conditions. The UK lockdown and economic slowdown tipped SDL’s UK business into loss for the half and this has
distorted the Company’s overall tax rate upwards as that loss is ring fenced for tax purposes so is not able to offset
profits in other jurisdictions.

Some costs savings were made, with travel reducing to near zero and several months of rent relief at SDL’s Albany
premises. However, these were insufficient to offset the decline in gross profit from lower revenues.

The impact from COVID on SDL’s trading outlook is discussed in the FY2021 Outlook section.

One of SDL’s directors, Mr Elmar Toime, has significant experience in the global mail and logistics markets (former
CEO of NZ Post, former Deputy executive Chair of Royal Mail Group, was a Supervisory Board member of
Deutsche Post DHL, and is a non-executive director of Qatar Post). He is providing specialised mail and logistics
consulting advice to the Company during the COVID-19 period along with additional support to SDL’s northern
hemisphere operations during a period when travel from New Zealand has not been possible, along with the
temporary absence of the CEO, Nelson Siva, for medical reasons. These services are being provided on normal
commercial terms (refer Note 29).




                                                                                                                         | 5 |
        Business Description
        SDL operates in the Customer Communications market (essential mail, interactive marketing communications
        and on-demand communications) across both the old economy print/mail house business and the new economy
        document management business. The Company’s products and services are represented by two revenue streams:

        •   Services (split into Digital Print & Document Handling, and Outsourced Services); and
        •   Software & Technology.

        Services operates solely in New Zealand. Digital Print & Document Handling revenues are generated from digital
        printing and mail house processing for two categories of mail items: transactional mail, such as invoices and
        statements; and direct marketing mail such as promotional material. These are then distributed through New
        Zealand Post’s (“NZ Post”) mail delivery system. A number of the components included in this service, such as
        envelopes and postage, form part of Outsourced Services revenues (which are typically very low margin activities).
        Digital printing differs from traditional printing in that each document printed is typically personalised and unique.
        Revenue from the Company’s scanning operation, Scantech, is included in Services (for New Zealand scanning
        operations), while offshore consulting and software revenues that are related to Scantech’s software technology
        are included in the Software & Technology revenue stream.

        Software & Technology develops and markets SDL’s own software products which include:

        •   digital asset management, with communication templates and campaign management;
        •   document archival;
        •   document composition;
        •   desktop mail solutions for “print on demand”;
        •   consulting and software revenue from scanning and scanning workflow; and,
        •   international cross-border print-on-demand management software.

        The US business, DigitalToPrint (DTP), acquired by SDL in May 2018 is wholly included in Software & Technology.
        DTP operates the international cross-border print software, Jupiter, which is presently being more closely
        integrated with SDL’s desktop mail print-on-demand solution. Note that for some international clients, SDL
        only provides software or related consulting services, but for others it arranges third party printing and logistics
        on which it will typically earn a modest margin. This means Software & Technology revenues are a mix of pure
        software and software consulting revenues for some clients, while others also include third party printing and
        logistics revenues that are generated as a result of SDL’s software.

        Transactional mail volumes in New Zealand and internationally are continuing to decline, although anecdotal
        evidence suggests direct marketing mail is seeing less erosion and is estimated to be reasonably static. Some
        types of communications still remain better suited to print and the usage level of printed versus electronic
        communications varies significantly across countries. Technology such as DéjarMail (SDL’s print-on-demand
        desktop mail solution) can improve the handling efficiency, management and cost of physical mail. The Company’s
        integrated range of print and software technologies means it is able to offer a holistic and distribution channel/
        platform-agnostic approach to managing its customers’ communications needs.

        The Company has operations in the UK, USA and Albany, Auckland.




| 6 |
International Expansion
Historically, SDL was predominantly a New Zealand business with some international software revenue. That
position changed in FY2020. SDL’s half year Interim Report noted that international Software & Technology
revenue as a proportion of total revenue had moved from around 26% in 1H FY2019 to around 49% in 1H FY2020.
This trend has continued and for the full FY2020, international Software & Technology revenues as a proportion of
total revenue is now around 65%.

Moving into FY2021, and assuming the software contracts underway deliver as expected, then SDL’s international
activities will increasingly dominate the sales mix and business. Note that international Software & Technology
revenue includes two different business models: in one, SDL is a pure software SaaS provider and earns revenue
solely from the customer utilising the software. In the other, SDL still provides software on a SaaS basis but
also earns revenue directly related to the software platform by acting as the customer’s provider of a total
communications solution service (including third party print, logistics and postage).

The requirement to provide high levels of international customer service for software delivery and support
capability means SDL’s New Zealand technology staff are regularly called upon after hours to support overseas
customers and the Company’s international staff. SDL recognises the stress that international expansion and time
zone differences have placed on staff, both in New Zealand and globally, and is actively increasing the number of
support-related staff in the northern hemisphere.

Description and Review of Revenue Streams
SDL Services
SDL Services predominantly provides mail house operations to high-volume postal mail users in the business-to-
consumer sector. DéjarMail has expanded the market for SDL’s print and post service down to the SME (small
to medium enterprise) sector although the Company sells to this market through channel partners. SDL Services
operates leased, high-speed digital colour and monochrome printers. In addition to digital printing, Services also
provides the ancillary document handling operations such as automated envelope inserting and flowrap.

Services revenue also includes Outsourced Services, which encompasses a variety of outsourced functions or
components such as postage, third party offset printing, freight, paper and envelopes. The Company has an access
agreement with NZ Post which provides wholesale rates and bulk mail discounts off NZ Post’s retail rates, subject
to SDL meeting minimum volumes requirements. The profit margins on many of these outsourced components,
especially postage, are slim.

General mail volumes continue to decline, SDL’s FY2020 mail lodgement volumes dropped 15.8%, a similar rate of
fall to 15.1% the prior year. The decline was exacerbated from late March by COVID-19 restrictions and lockdown.
The Company’s digital print volumes also fell, dropping by 13.0%.

On the digital communications side, SDL’s volume of customer emails rose 7.9%.

Outsourced Services revenue in the following table is a combination of both very low margin postage and the
outsourced printing in the New Zealand operations.




                                                                                                                     | 7 |
        SDL Services Revenue Breakdown FY2020 FY2019 Percentage
        (all figures $000)			Change

        Change
        Digital Printing and Document Handling                                            4,568          5,561         -17.9%
        Outsourced Services                                                               7,450        11,270          -33.9%
        Total Services Revenue                                                          12,018         16,831          -28.6%

        Note that in FY2019 Outsourced Services also included some UK services (including postage) but this has been
        included in Software & Technology for FY2020 as it is derived from the bundled software solution that SDL
        provides to those UK clients. This re-allocation represents around two-thirds of the decline in Outsourced Services
        seen in FY2020.

        SDL Software & Technology
        Two trends are driving demand for SDL’s software. First is the digital transformation of communication channels
        with the increasing ability for businesses to personalise their customer engagement. Secondly, cost and efficiency
        pressures are causing businesses to optimise their communications channels, both digital and print. SDL’s software
        platforms provide functionality to deliver on both these trends.

        The digital transformation aspect has attracted significant market competition as pure technology organisations
        look to help businesses employ more “pull” marketing tactics, drawing people in to their brands with interesting,
        informative and engaging content. Communication channels are no longer “one size fits all”; customers now receive
        messaging through an omni-channel or multi-media approach. SDL treats every form of communication – whether
        a customer email, an invoice or account statement, or a piece of marketing collateral – as a means to enrich and
        deepen the personalised relationships that our customers have with their customers.

        The second aspect – helping optimise both print and digital communications channels – is one where SDL appears
        to have a greater degree of competitive advantage. The Company’s history in mailhouse, digital printing and
        fulfilment means it understands the importance of, and requirements for, data accuracy, timely delivery and cost
        efficiency. This is not simply a case of generating, printing and mailing a PDF. There are significant complexities
        around personalised document creation and production for specialised, high volume print equipment, coupled with
        personalised mail inserts, multi-part and multi-lingual documents, global routing for optimised multi-region printing,
        and handling and management of mail returns, along with industry knowledge around optimising mail and logistics
        costs. In addition, there are increasing data security and privacy regulations, including data integrity and document
        management requirements. Delivering solutions in this domain requires a combination of digital document skills
        and specialised global print and mail industry knowledge. SDL’s in-house production experience and how the
        Company has coupled this with its in-house development (and in some cases acquisition) of software technology
        has produced what it believes is effective technology with few global competitors.

        SDL Software has six software engines or platforms that are used to develop customer solutions:

        1. Déjar
        Déjar is a digital archival system that provides the ability to efficiently store and retrieve electronic documents
        created from most formatting tools. Déjar allows users to exactly reproduce the original document and access
        these via a browser over the local network or via the Internet. The reproduced document can be printed, faxed or
        emailed and Déjar’s security and history features ensure every document created and subsequent access event is
        recorded by User ID and date/time stamp.




| 8 |
2. Composer
Composer is SDL’s electronic document creation software. It is flexible and allows customised documents to
be built on the fly, based on information retrieved from databases. Based on templates it automatically creates
templates, documents and letters with dynamic, customised content, formatted to each customer’s requirements.
Composer allows companies to easily standardise corporate documentation formats for all users, including regional
and legal variations. Templates, documents, emails, letters and newsletters created by Composer are automated,
ready to archive, print, publish online, or electronically distribute to customers in one step.

3. Bremy
Bremy is an integrated, multi-channel publishing and distribution solution for businesses across a broad spectrum of
industries. It manages the work flow of digital assets, from document creation and revision, to final email or print-
ready files and distribution through multiple channels, including print, email, web, digital signage and mobile. It
helps streamline and provides integrity to document proofing and integrates with data sources to produce complex
documents such as online or physical catalogues. It also has a Campaign Manager module to assist companies in
creating and managing specific advertising programmes.

4. DéjarMail (POD: Print on Demand)
DéjarMail is a desktop mail management solution which allows customers to route mail correspondence, by file
transfer or web browser portal (Print On Demand), to SDL or any other service provider for printing and delivery via
post or any other medium. This delivers costs savings for smaller businesses and for larger companies’ ad hoc mail.

5. Jupiter
Jupiter, acquired as part of the DTP acquisition, is a global print and mail solution that benefits Postal
Administrators, senders and recipients, all via a “Managed Print and Mail Solution”. Jupiter provides a technology
platform which links together customer communication origin points such as ERP, transactional and marketing
output with production and fulfilment on a globally distributed basis. Closely integrated with over 300 service
providers globally, customers can use a highly flexible web service API to achieve simultaneous concurrent
fulfilment across five continents, all while retaining visibility and control of the process via an intuitive and mobile
friendly, web portal.

The scope for integration of the SDL product set, particularly DéjarMail Print on Demand, with Jupiter’s global
fulfilment network opens the door to expansion of the markets that SDL’s solutions can apply to.

6. Scantech software
Scantech’s suite of software solutions include scanning applications to digitise physical documents, automated
extraction of data from documents (both physical and digital) including workflows for the processing of this data
and the automation of business processes such as accounts payable and accounts receivable. These are also
integrated into SDL products, such as Déjar for archival and retrieval.




                                                                                                                           | 9 |
         Software & Technology revenue is earned from three sources.

         The first is SaaS (Software as a Service) revenue, where customers operate SDL’s software on a pay-as-you-go
         model, typically by way of a per-document or per-electronic transaction charge and in many cases with a base
         monthly fee. SDL will usually host the software on third party hosting infrastructure (such as Amazon Web Services
         or Microsoft Azure) and related data on behalf of the client. The Company has some customers on software license
         arrangements (SDL collects an annual maintenance fee) however these are now a minimal contributor to revenue.

         Secondly, the company offers bespoke software development services where this is related to a customer using
         SDL’s software. An example is a customer requiring a front end, web-based access portal to allow its clients to
         access the underlying data being stored or managed by SDL’s software. In general, SDL prefers to provide generic
         functionality that covers most customer use situations rather than building customer-bespoke infrastructure, as this
         allows better ongoing management of SDL’s software base by mitigating excess complexity.

         The third is the provision of programming, consulting, end-customer onboarding, business analysis and design
         services that help clients to manage essential and marketing communications both physical and electronic.

         Software encompasses all international and New Zealand software revenue. It includes Déjar revenue in New
         Zealand for digital document archival and management for SDL Services’ customers.

         SDL continues to invest in its software IP and future efforts will focus on both functional development and tighter
         integration between products. A number of the Company’s software products have been developed in-house (e.g.
         DéjarMail Print-on-Demand) while others such as the Jupiter global distributed print platform have been acquired.
         As SDL’s international expansion relies on channel partners, having these products more closely integrated and
         easier to use by third parties is an increasing requirement.

         In both the UK and USA, FY2020 saw SDL continue to add sales and support personnel to manage business
         growth; a further step up from these costs will occur in FY2021. SDL is being assisted in its American growth
         initiative by a market development grant from NZ Trade and Enterprise (“NZTE”) that contributes towards the costs
         of expansion. The NZTE grant covers 40% of applicable costs and is to a maximum of $0.6 million or for three
         years, whichever comes first. On current projections it is likely the grant will be fully utilised during FY2021.

         Software & Technology generated revenue of $22.0 million in FY2020, an increase of 164% on the prior year’s
         revenue of $8.35 million. This growth was from several sources including a large multinational organisation that
         progressively transferred its activity to SDL’s platform over the year (the bulk of the revenue from this client is from
         underlying print and logistics activity) plus a large US-based multinational corporation that began utilising SDL’s
         Print on Demand and Jupiter platforms during the second half (revenue for this client is currently only for platform
         software and software support).

         Financial Performance
         International expansion has driven SDL’s growth in revenue and earnings, the result of new contract wins as the
         Company progressively expanded its US business following the purchase of DTP during FY2018. The New Zealand
         business struggled for much of the year, given the ongoing structural decline in volumes, compounded by the
         COVID-19 lockdown, although more recently has begun to win modest new business.




| 10 |
Summary Financial Performance FY2020 FY2019                                                             Percentage
(all figures $000)		Restated                                                                               Change

Total Revenue                                                                  34,030        25,176           35.2%
Less: Cost of Goods Sold                                                       20,571        16,682           23.3%
Gross Margin                                                                   13,459         8,494           58.5%
Gross Margin (%)                                                               39.6%          33.7%

Less: Selling, General & Admin (SG&A)                                           9,105         6,174           47.5%
EBITDA                                                                          4,354         2,320           87.7%
EBITDA margin (%)                                                              12.8%           9.2%

Depreciation                                                                    1,151         1,127             2.1%
Amortisation                                                                      330           347           -4.9%
EBIT                                                                            2,883           846          239.6%

Net Interest                                                                       92           198          -53.5%
Income Tax                                                                        915           122          650.0%
Net Profit after Tax                                                            1,866           526          254.8%
Tax rate                                                                       32.9%          18.8%


The FY2020 result requires adjustment to understand and better compare a normalised result, by allowing for two
material one-off items during the year.

The first is a mark-to-market unrealised foreign exchange gain on currency hedges of $0.65 million (pre-tax).
SDL has a range of foreign exchange hedges in place to manage currency exposures around revenues and costs
in both US dollars and UK pounds. These unrealised hedge gains cover various maturities in the second half of
calendar 2020 (i.e. they relate to SDL’s FY2021 operations). While these hedges mature in FY2021, under NZ IFRS
accounting standards a full mark-to-market of unrealised positions is required at 30 June balance date and any gain
or loss included in the FY2020 result. This unrealised gain is included in the Company’s reported revenue.

Secondly, SDL has been successful in the last 18 months in winning a range of new contracts internationally. A
number of one-off incentives are now payable in relation to these contract wins and these total approximately
$0.33 million (pre-tax). Approximately half of the payments relate to post-acquisition incentives. The cost of these
incentives is recorded in the SG&A expense for the year.

The net gain to earnings (after tax) from these two items is $0.23 million. Deducting this from reported earnings
produces a normalised profit (note this is a non-GAAP measure) of $1.63 million, which the Directors believe
provides a more accurate picture of how the Company’s underlying operations performed.




                                                                                                                       | 11 |
         The following table highlights first and second half performance for the last two financial years.

         SDL Half Financial Years                          2H        2H      Percent            1H              1H    Percent
         (all figures $000. FY19 half years restated)   FY2020   FY2019      Change        FY2020        FY2019       Change

         Total Revenue                                  18,245   12,450      220.9%         15,785        12,726       92.4%

         EBITDA                                          2,938    1,265      133.5%           1,416           1,055    34.2%
         EBITDA margin                                   16.1%    10.2%		                     9.0%            8.3%

         Tax rate                                        36.1%     2.7%		                    21.2%        44.9%
         						

         Balance Sheet, Liquidity and Debt
         SDL closed the year with net cash (i.e. cash net of interest bearing debt) on hand on $5.01 million (FY2019 $1.18
         million). Note that this net cash figure excludes Right to Use Liabilities arising from the new Lease Accounting
         standard; these liabilities are approximately offset by Right to Use Assets. As previously noted, the year-end cash
         position is abnormally high from unusually favourable timing of year-end debtor and creditor (creditors are also
         elevated at year end) cash flows, along with prepayment of (very low margin) postage by some clients (totalling
         around $1.5 million). Given the increase in global health and macroeconomic risks the Directors intend retaining a
         prudent approach to balance sheet management.

         The Company maintains an overdraft arrangement from ANZ Bank with a $200,000 limit. This was unused during
         FY2020.

         Selected Balance Sheet and Cashflow Figures FY2020 FY2019                                                    Change
         (all figures $000)		Restated

         Net Cash/(Debt & Borrowings)                                                         5,012           1,182    3,830
         Non-Current Assets                                                                   2,310           2,696     (386)
         Right of Use Assets                                                                  1,406           2,360     (954)
         Net Other Assets/(Liabilities)                                                     (2,304)             54    (2,358)
         Right of Use Liabilities                                                           (1,531)       (2,502)           971
         Net Assets                                                                           4,893           3,790    1,103

         Cashflow from Trading                                                                2,292           2,182         110
         Movement in Working Capital                                                          3,474           (880)    4,354
         Cash Inflow from Operations                                                          5,766           1,302    4,464
         Cash dividends paid                                                                    732            804          (72)

         The restated cashflow figures for FY2019 relate to the lease accounting change. Lease payments have been
         reclassified by removing them from Trading (or Operating) cashflows; they now appear as Financing cashflows (refer
         to Note 2.2.5 for details).




| 12 |
Capital expenditure for the year was modest at $0.19m, mainly for mail sorting equipment plus IT software and
infrastructure.

The increase in net assets increased over the year to $4.89 million largely stemmed for improved profitability.
This figure includes intangible assets of around $1.60 million of which the bulk ($1.06 million) is goodwill and
subject to an annual impairment test. The balance of intangibles represents software and customer contracts from
acquisitions which are being amortised over three years from acquisition date.

SDL operates with a largely neutral working capital balance. This allows the Company to continue growing
without particular requirement to fund additional working capital needs. However, as international expansion has
occurred, especially from several large contracts, month-to-month and intra-month cash flow movements have
become lumpier and the Directors are conscious of maintaining sufficient liquidity reserves to manage short-term
fluctuations.

Taxation and Dividends
SDL pays full New Zealand tax on locally generated earnings. As a result of COVID-19, the UK business operated
at a loss in the second half of the year; this is ring fenced to the UK for tax purposes. The Company’s US business is
now profitable. A range of new business growth during FY2020 saw the full utilisation of remaining US tax losses. A
portion of amortisation of acquired intangibles (relating to customer contracts and some of the acquired software)
is not tax deductible and this will bias the reported tax rate slightly upwards until these are fully written down.

The Directors reiterate prior year comments that SDL only intends to pay dividends to the extent that it can fully
impute them and also subject to SDL not experiencing any one-off requirements for abnormal capital expenditure
or any significant acquisition or investment activity.



Earnings and Dividends per Share FY2020 FY2019                                                                                 Change
(all figures $000)		Restated

Shares on Issue (‘000)                                                                            14,640         14,640            0.0%
Reported Earnings per Share (cents)                                                                12.75             3.59      254.8%

Dividend per Share (cents)                                                                            9.0             4.0         125%
Dividend Proportion Imputed                                                                      100.0%          100.0%

Dividend Payout ratio                                                                              70.6%         111.3%
Dividend Payout ratio on NPATA (Note a)                                                            62.6%          75.5%

(a) SDL’s FY2019 agreement with NZTE for market development funding for North America limits the Company to a maximum dividend payout ratio
of 75% of Net Profit after Tax plus Amortisation (NPATA).

The final dividend of 6.0 cents per share is fully imputed and will be paid on 21 October 2020 (expected ex-date of
8 October 2020).

The number of shares on issue remained flat over the year. The Company operates an employee share option plan
(ESOP) for key staff. At year end there were two staff members in this plan with the right to a total of 160,000
shares. Historically, ESOP rights have only been provided to SDL’s New Zealand staff. As the Company has
expanded, with key staff now located internationally, further ESOP rights are expected to be allocated to certain
international staff in FY2021.




                                                                                                                                              | 13 |
         Risk Factors
         SDL expects the physical mail market will continue its volume decline trend, possibly exacerbated by COVID-19
         increasing the emphasis towards electronic communications. This is likely to place additional pressure on the
         existing excess printing capacity in the New Zealand mail house sector. The Company’s domestic business is
         likely to see increasing print margin pressure and higher risk of business loss as competitors marginally price in
         attempts to hold production volume levels. While the risk is partly mitigated by SDL’s ability to add value through
         its technology offerings, the Company has several key domestic contracts that, if lost, could place material pressure
         on local profitability. SDL expects that consolidation in the New Zealand print market is inevitable, and has held
         industry rationalisation discussions with other participants in the print sector but, these have been fruitless to date.

         SDL’s top five customers (both domestic and international) provided 49.8% of the Company’s revenue in FY2020
         with the largest customer accounting for 25.8% of revenue. Loss of one or more of those customers would cause
         financial results to differ materially from those outlined in the FY2021 Outlook section below.

         The Company’s software provides critical document management, distributed print, and storage functions for its
         clients. SDL needs to ensure it continues to maintain appropriate levels of software development quality control
         and sufficient, well-trained staff for software delivery and support. SDL also regards IT and data security as a
         potential risk area and regularly reviews its IT and data security arrangements.

         The Company operates a single site facility for its New Zealand print and mail house production, with an offsite for
         data and server backup. The Directors are conscious of the operational risk a single site implies for digital imaging
         and mail house operations. SDL has a reciprocal disaster recovery (“DR”) plan with another printer, as well as some
         backup capability with Fuji Xerox DMS.

         The Company relies on channel partners to market its software products into the UK, Europe and the US. This
         means SDL has little or no contact with many of the end user customers of its products. While these channel
         partner arrangements are currently stable there is not guarantee these arrangements will continue and SDL needs
         to ensure its software continues to adequately meet channel partner requirements. The Company has invested in a
         limited number of international sales staff in the UK and more recently in the US.

         SDL also reiterates comments from the “Effects of COVID-19” section above. At this time, the Company sees
         ongoing underlying structural growth from recent customer and contract wins as sufficient to support future
         growth expectations. However, the global environment (both in health and economic terms) remains extremely
         uncertain and this could materially affect SDL in unforeseen ways.




| 14 |
FY2021 Outlook
SDL has previously providing guidance for FY2021 reported net profit in the $2.0 to $2.5 million range. This
excludes the pulled forward unrealised FY2021 foreign exchange hedge gains of around $0.65 million (pre-tax) that
accounting standards have required the Company to mark-to-market at 30 June and bring into the FY2020 result.

Two key factors contribute to SDL’s FY2021 outlook. On the positive side is the ongoing gain from customer
wins over the last twelve months progressively moving onto SDL’s software platforms. While there is always
some onboarding risk along with uncertainty around how quickly these customers move to a fully annualised
contribution, this is largely dependent on the Company ensuring it executes well operationally.

On the negative side, SDL has a number of customers whose operational expectations have been significantly
lowered for FY2021 as a result of COVID-related disruptions. In some cases this is because economies are in
some degree of government mandated lockdown (e.g. the UK) meaning certain sectors are suffering significantly
restricted operations and not needing to engage in communications with their customers. In other cases, some of
the Company’s customers have suspended or significantly curtailed their operations, including communications, in
higher risk countries such as developing markets.

While SDL expects continued growth in FY2021 – the Directors reiterate earnings guidance of $2.0 to $2.5
million – this is an expectation that has been lowered by drags from COVID noted in the prior paragraph. There
is significant volatility possible – both upside and downside – in the range of possible outcomes for FY2021
and the causes are largely beyond the Company’s control. The Directors are monitoring the world health and
macroeconomic outlooks but hold the view that – subject to the Risk Factors section above – strong underlying
international growth prospects are available for SDL’s software platforms. Accordingly, SDL will continue to
investment globally in both in sales channel development and customer support infrastructure to maintain growth
momentum.




                                                                                                                    | 15 |
                                                                                                                                                                            Grant Thornton New Zealand
  Independent Auditor’s Report                                                                                                                                              Audit Partnership

                                                                                                                                                                            L4, Grant Thornton House
                                                                                                                                                                            152 Fanshawe Street
                                                                                                                                                                            PO Box 1961 Grant Thornton New Zealand

                   Independent Auditor’s Report                                                                                                                             Auckland 1140Audit Partnership
                                                                                                                                                                                         Grant Thornton New Zealand
                   Independent Auditor’s Report                                                                                                                                          Audit Partnership
                                                                                                                                                                            T +64 9 308 2570
                                                                                                                                                                                         L4, Grant Thornton House
                                                                                                                                                                            F +64 9 309 4892
                                                                                                                                                                                         152Grant
                                                                                                                                                                                             Fanshawe   Street
                                                                                                                                                                                         L4,       Thornton House
                                                                                                                                                                            www.grantthornton.co.nz
                                                                                                                                                                                         PO Box  1961 Street
                                                                                                                                                                                         152
                                                                                                                                                                                        GrantFanshawe
                                                                                                                                                                                              Thornton   New Zealand
                  Independent                 Auditor’s Report
                                                                                                                                                                                         Auckland
                                                                                                                                                                                         PO Box    1140
                                                                                                                                                                                                 1961
                  To the Shareholders of Solution Dynamics Limited                                                                                                                      Audit Partnership
                                                                                                                                                                                         Auckland 1140
                                                                                                                                                                                         T +64 9 308 2570
                                                                                                                                                                                        L4, Grant Thornton House
                  Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                                           F +64
                                                                                                                                                                                         T +64 9
                                                                                                                                                                                               9 308
                                                                                                                                                                                                 309 2570
                                                                                                                                                                                                     4892
  To the Shareholders of Solution Dynamics Limited                                                                                                                                      152 Fanshawe   Street
                                                                                                                                                                                         www.grantthornton.co.nz
                                                                                                                                                                                         F
                                                                                                                                                                                        PO +64
                                                                                                                                                                                            Box91961
                                                                                                                                                                                                 309 4892
              Opinion                                                                                                                                                                    www.grantthornton.co.nz
                                                                                                                                                                                        Auckland 1140
              We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Solution Dynamics Limited (the Group) on pages 19
  Report toon      56thewhichAudit   comprise       ofthe  theconsolidated
                                                                     Consolidated       statementFinancial   of financial position   Statements   as at 30 June 2020, and the consolidated             T +64 9 308 2570
                                                                                                                                                                                                       F +64 9 309 4892
               To the of
              statement          Shareholders
                                        profit or loss, consolidated     of Solution      statement      Dynamics
                                                                                                               of other comprehensive Limited income, consolidated statement                                      of
                                                                                                                                                                                                       www.grantthornton.co.nz
               To thein Shareholders
  Opinionchanges                  equity and consolidated                of Solution
                                                                                  statement ofDynamics     cash flows for Limited     the year then ended, and notes to the financial
               Report
              statements,
  We have audited           the on           the Audit
                                     including
                                    consolidated
                                                        a summary      of of
                                                                financial     the       Consolidated
                                                                                   significant
                                                                               statements
                                                                                                      accounting policies
                                                                                                     of Solution Dynamics     Financial       Limited   Statements
                                                                                                                                                           (the Group) on pages xx to
               Report              on        the       Audit           of     the       Consolidated                          Financial                 Statements
             To the the
              In
  yy which compriseour          Shareholders
                         opinion,          the     accompanying
                                       consolidated statement           of Solution
                                                                               consolidated
                                                                                     of financial      Dynamics
                                                                                                           position as atLimited
                                                                                                       financial         statements  30 June 2018fairly,
                                                                                                                                              present         and in theallconsolidated
                                                                                                                                                                               material respects, the
  statement Opinion
              financial
               of profit or loss, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of performance
                              position          of   Solution         Dynamics           Limited        (the     Group)       as   at    30   June     2020     and     its  financial
               Opinion
              and
  changes in equity  cashand   flows       for the yearstatement
                                       consolidated                then ended        of in
                                                                                         cash accordance
                                                                                                    flows for with   the yearNewthen   Zealand ended, Equivalents
                                                                                                                                                           and notes      toto International
                                                                                                                                                                                  the                   Financial
             Report
               We have audited
              Reporting
                                 on
                                 Standards
                                           thetheAudit(NZconsolidated
                                                                IFRS)
                                                                      ofissued
                                                                            thefinancial
                                                                                      Consolidated
                                                                                      by   the     statements
                                                                                                   New       Zealand      ofFinancial
                                                                                                                             Solution Dynamics
                                                                                                                            Accounting
                                                                                                                                                      Statements
                                                                                                                                                  Standards     Limited
                                                                                                                                                                   Board.     (the Group) on pages xx to
  consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies
               We     have comprise
               yy which          audited the        theconsolidated
                                                             consolidatedfinancial   statement     statements
                                                                                                         of financial    of Solution
                                                                                                                              position Dynamics
                                                                                                                                              as at 30 June     Limited
                                                                                                                                                                      2018(the   andGroup)           on pages xx to
                                                                                                                                                                                        the consolidated
              Basis
               yy       for
                    which      Opinion
                                comprise            the      consolidated            statement           of   financial       position        as   at   30   June     2018       and    the     consolidated
             Opinion
  In our opinion,      the    accompanying                    consolidated            financial        statements
               statement of profit or loss, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of        present         fairly,   in  all material        respects,         the
              We     conducted
               statement
  financial position
               changes     of inSolution   our Dynamics
                                         profit
                                  ofequity         audit
                                                    or loss,
                                                   and         in accordance
                                                                    consolidated
                                                            consolidated              and
                                                                       Limitedstatement with
                                                                                           statement
                                                                                              the International
                                                                                                     entities
                                                                                                        of cash            Standards
                                                                                                                 of itcomprehensive
                                                                                                                        controlled
                                                                                                                        flows     for the   ason   Auditing
                                                                                                                                                atincome,
                                                                                                                                               year 30then        (New
                                                                                                                                                                   2018 Zealand)
                                                                                                                                                          Juneconsolidated
                                                                                                                                                                  nded,      and its         (ISAs
                                                                                                                                                                                        statement
                                                                                                                                                                                     notesfinancial
                                                                                                                                                                                                 to the     of issued
                                                                                                                                                                                                        (NZ))
  performance by
             We    the
                    have
               changes
                    and   New
                            cashin   Zealand
                               audited
                                     equity
                                        flows   the  Auditing
                                                   and
                                                   for consolidated
                                                          the     yearand
                                                            consolidated  thenAssurance
                                                                                financial
                                                                                     statement
                                                                                    ended        statements
                                                                                                 inStandards
                                                                                                        of   cash
                                                                                                     accordance
               consolidated financial statements, including a summary of ignificant accounting policies                Board.
                                                                                                                        of  Solution
                                                                                                                        flows
                                                                                                                            with    Our
                                                                                                                                  forNew theresponsibilities
                                                                                                                                             Dynamics
                                                                                                                                               year
                                                                                                                                               Zealand  then  Limitedunder
                                                                                                                                                                ended,
                                                                                                                                                             Equivalents    (the
                                                                                                                                                                             and those
                                                                                                                                                                                    Group)
                                                                                                                                                                                   tonotes  standards
                                                                                                                                                                                                  on
                                                                                                                                                                                                 to   thepages arexx to
              further
             yy
  International    which
               consolidateddescribed
                    Financial comprise           inthe
                                         financial
                                       Reporting     theconsolidated
                                                              Auditor’s Responsibilities
                                                           statements,
                                                            Standards           (NZstatement
                                                                                        IFRS) aissued
                                                                                  including            of   for by thethe
                                                                                                            financial
                                                                                                       summary            Audit
                                                                                                                           ofposition
                                                                                                                               New           asConsolidated
                                                                                                                                           the
                                                                                                                                     ofZealand
                                                                                                                               significant        at  30   June 2018
                                                                                                                                                   accounting
                                                                                                                                                         Accounting     Financial
                                                                                                                                                                      policies and the
                                                                                                                                                                            Standards   Statements
                                                                                                                                                                                              consolidated    section
                    our report.
               In our
              of           opinion,      We theareoraccompanying
                                                        independent              consolidated
                                                                                 of  thestatement
                                                                                            Group in      financial
                                                                                                              accordance   statements           present
                                                                                                                                                 income,fairly,
                                                                                                                                    with Professional             andinEthical
                                                                                                                                                                            all material
                                                                                                                                                                                       Standard   respects,       the
                                                                                                                                                                                                         1of(Revised)
  Board. statement               of profit             loss,      consolidated                                 of comprehensive                                consolidated           statement
               In   our opinion,
               financial        position    theofaccompanying
                                                     Solution          Dynamics  consolidated
                                                                                          Limited         financial
                                                                                                         and      the      statements
                                                                                                                          entities      it      presentas
                                                                                                                                            controlled        fairly,
                                                                                                                                                                  at  30 in June
                                                                                                                                                                            all material
                                                                                                                                                                                     2018         respects,
                                                                                                                                                                                                and      its      the
                                                                                                                                                                                                              financial
              Code of Ethics
             changes          in equity    for andAssurance
                                                          consolidatedPractitionersstatement   issued       by theflows
                                                                                                      of cash            Newfor   Zealand
                                                                                                                                       the year   Auditing      and Assurance
                                                                                                                                                      then ended,          and notes       Standards
                                                                                                                                                                                               to the Board,
               financial
               performance      position and of      Solution
                                                  cash       flows     Dynamics           Limited        and the         entities       it controlled       asZealand
                                                                                                                                                                  at 30 June         2018 andtoits financial
              and    we have financial
             consolidated              fulfilled       our      otherfor
                                                         statements,         the
                                                                         ethical     year     then
                                                                                       responsibilities
                                                                                including              ended
                                                                                                  a summary              accordance
                                                                                                                     in accordance
                                                                                                                    in   of  significantwith    with    New
                                                                                                                                                       these
                                                                                                                                                 accounting         policiesEquivalents
                                                                                                                                                                 requirements.            We believe that the
  Basis for         OpinionFinancial
               performance
               International             and cash flows for the                      year then ended                 in issued
                                                                                                                         accordance         thewith     New     Zealand         Equivalents to
              audit     evidence we have Reporting           obtained isStandards sufficient (NZ     and IFRS)
                                                                                                             appropriate           toby  provide  New      Zealand
                                                                                                                                                      a basis     for our Accounting
                                                                                                                                                                               opinion. Standards
             InInternational
                  our
               Board.    opinion,Financialthe accompanying  Reporting consolidated
                                                                               Standards (NZ            financial
                                                                                                            IFRS) issued statements   by the   present      fairly, inAccounting
                                                                                                                                                  New Zealand              all material Standards
                                                                                                                                                                                                respects, the
  We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (ISAs (NZ))
              Our
             financial
               Board. firm     carries
                              position        out
                                               of    other
                                                    Solution      assignments
                                                                     Dynamics           for
                                                                                        LimitedSolutionand      Dynamics
                                                                                                                 the    entities   Limited
                                                                                                                                      it          and
                                                                                                                                          controlled     the
                                                                                                                                                           as  entities
                                                                                                                                                                at  30      it
                                                                                                                                                                          June   controlled
                                                                                                                                                                                    2018      and   initsthe   area of
                                                                                                                                                                                                            financial
  issued by the New Zealand Audit and Assurance Standards Board. Our responsibilities under those standards
              taxation advice
             performance               and  and cashservices.
                                                           flows for  Thethe  firm yearhasthenno otherended     interest      in the Group.
                                                                                                                   in accordance              with New Zealand Equivalents to
  are furtherBasis
                described      forinFinancial
                                         Opinion
                                         the     Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the consolidated Financial Statements
               Basis
             International
  section of Key
               our    report.
                     Audit     for  WeOpinion
                                 Matters
                                                           Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS) issued by the New Zealand Accounting Standards
                                            are independent of the Group in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1
             Board.
               We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (ISAs (NZ))
  (Revised) KeyCode  auditof Ethics
                                matters      for Assurance               Practitioners            issued        by the New            Zealand were   Auditing       and Assurance
               We
               issued conducted
                            by the New       ourare auditthose
                                                    Zealand
                                                                    matters
                                                                in accordance      that,with
                                                                      Audit and Assurance
                                                                                             in our      professional
                                                                                                   International
                                                                                                              Standards
                                                                                                                                judgement,
                                                                                                                            Standards
                                                                                                                                  Board. Our    on Auditing         (Newsignificance
                                                                                                                                                               of most
                                                                                                                                                        responsibilities       Zealand)
                                                                                                                                                                                  under those
                                                                                                                                                                                                   in our(NZ))
                                                                                                                                                                                                 (ISAs         audit
                                                                                                                                                                                                          standards
  StandardsofBoard,the        and we have
                         consolidated                    fulfilledstatements
                                                    financial          our other ethical   of   the    responsibilities
                                                                                                       current        period.       in accordance
                                                                                                                                    These       matters       with these
                                                                                                                                                             were      addressed requirements.
                                                                                                                                                                                          in  the     context     of
               issued
             Basis          by the        New Zealand                 Audit andResponsibilities
                                                                                        Assurance Standards           for the Board.
                                                                                                                                  Audit ofOur     theresponsibilities             under those             standards
                         thefor         Opinion
               are further          described             in the Auditor’s                                                                               consolidated Financial                  Statements
  We believe  our that
                     audit     ofaudit
                                     the     evidence
                                             consolidated        we have
                                                                      financial  obtained
                                                                                       statements is sufficient
                                                                                                             as   a      and appropriate
                                                                                                                      whole,      and      in  formingto provide
                                                                                                                                                            our          a basis
                                                                                                                                                                   opinion            for ourand we do not
                                                                                                                                                                                  thereon,
               are
               sectionfurther of ourdescribed
                                           report. We     in the  areAuditor’s
                                                                        independent    Responsibilities
                                                                                                 of the Group         forinthe    Audit of the
                                                                                                                              accordance            with consolidated
                                                                                                                                                            Professional       Financial
                                                                                                                                                                                   and Ethical   Statements
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Standard 1
  opinion. We provide
                    conductedaofseparate  our      opinion
                                                   audit      in   on these
                                                                   accordance       matters.
                                                                                        with      International            Standards           on   Auditing       (New      Zealand)          (ISAs       (NZ))
               section            our      report.       We       are   independent             of   the     Group
               (Revised) Code of Ethics for Assurance Practitioners issued by the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance      in  accordance            with    Professional           and     Ethical        Standard    1
             issued
               (Revised)  by    the
                                  Code   New   of  Zealand
                                                    Ethics          Audit
                                                                  for         and
                                                                       Assurance       Assurance
                                                                                            Practitioners   Standards issued
               Standards Board, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. Board.
                                                                                                                                   by    the  Our
                                                                                                                                                New  responsibilities
                                                                                                                                                         Zealand       Auditing  under and  those
                                                                                                                                                                                               Assurancestandards
             are Key audit
  Our firm carries       out other  matters  assignments                    Solution
                                                                      for fulfilled           Dynamics                Our
                                                                                                                  Limited     procedures
                                                                                                                                and
                                                                                                                                Auditthe           toconsolidated
                                                                                                                                                entitiesaddress       the key
                                                                                                                                                            it controlled         inaudit
                                                                                                                                                                                     the      matter
                                                                                                                                                                                             area      of
                      believedescribed
               Wefurther
               Standards            Board,
                                      that the     and in we
                                                      audit  theevidence
                                                                    Auditor’s
                                                                   have            weResponsibilities
                                                                                          our
                                                                                         have      other
                                                                                                     obtainedethical  is the
                                                                                                                    for    responsibilities
                                                                                                                           sufficient       of
                                                                                                                                            and the    in accordance
                                                                                                                                                   appropriate               Financial
                                                                                                                                                                                 with
                                                                                                                                                                        to provide      these  Statements
                                                                                                                                                                                           a basis   requirements.
                                                                                                                                                                                                          for our
  taxation returns
             section
               WeCarrying
                         and
                           of our
                      believe     advice.
                                 Value   report.
                                      that     theGoodwill
                                              of
                                                   The      firm
                                                       We are
                                                      audit         has
                                                                      independent
                                                                  evidence no    other
                                                                                   we have  interests
                                                                                               of the         in
                                                                                                           GroupIn
                                                                                                     obtained     the     Group.
                                                                                                                      isinsufficient
                                                                                                                            accordance
                                                                                                                           this   area our         with
                                                                                                                                            andaudit       Professional
                                                                                                                                                   appropriate
                                                                                                                                                           procedures   to provideand Ethical
                                                                                                                                                                                included   a basis        for our 1
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Standard
                                                                                                                                                                                                an assessment
               opinion.
             (Revised)
               opinion.
                 The Group      Code  hasof        Ethics forgoodwill
                                              significant             Assurance           Practitioners issued
                                                                                    of $1,061,000                     of the by        the New
                                                                                                                                  Group’s             Zealand
                                                                                                                                                 forecast      and Auditing
                                                                                                                                                                      budgeting      and     Assurance
                                                                                                                                                                                         procedures            as a
  Key Audit  Standards Matters
                 arising
               Our     firmfrom
                                 Board,
                               carries
                                                 and
                                         historical
                                               out other
                                                          we      have
                                                            acquisitions  fulfilled
                                                                  assignments
                                                                                         our    other
                                                                                   of businesses.          ethical       responsibilities
                                                                                                                      basis    for    value      in  in
                                                                                                                                                    use   accordance
                                                                                                                                                           calculations.
                                                                                          for Solution Dynamics Limited and the entities it controlled in the area of
                                                                                                                                                                               withWe  these
                                                                                                                                                                                          also    requirements.
                                                                                                                                                                                                  compared
             We     believe       isthat     the    audit        evidence        we have           obtainedDynamics isthesufficient
                                                                                                                             Group’s       and appropriate            toto provide       aperformance
                                                                                                                                                                                             basisinfor   theour
                 Goodwill
               Our
               taxationfirm returns
                               carries allocated
                                               out
                                               and    otheracross
                                                        advice.
              matters are those matters that, in our professional
  Key auditopinion.
                                                                       its software
                                                                  assignments
                                                                      The      firm    hasforcash
                                                                                                Solution
                                                                                               no                interests
                                                                                                     other judgement,                 the historical
                                                                                                                                 in Limited
                                                                                                                                      were   Group.and the  budget
                                                                                                                                                                 entities     actual
                                                                                                                                                                               it controlled
                                                                                                                                                of most significance in our audit of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                area of
                 generating
               taxation        returnsunits.and    Any       risk ofThe
                                                        advice.         downturn
                                                                               firm has    inno                       and    its
                                                                                                theother interests in the Group.   future      projections         compared          to   prior      year    actual
  the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our
                 macroeconomic environment could result in                                                            and tested the reasonableness of forecast assumptions.
  audit of theKey          Audit
                  consolidated              Matters
                                            financial         statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
               Key
             Our impairment
  provide a separate
                     firm  Audit
                              carries
                                opinion
                                        ofMatters
                                             goodwill. The inherent uncertainty
                                             out    other
                                                on these matters.
                                                                 assignments            for    Solution               In addition,
                                                                                                                Dynamics           Limited  we performed
                                                                                                                                                  and the entities  our own         assessments
                                                                                                                                                                             it controlled          in theinarea of
                 involved
             taxation
               Key     audit in
                             returns   forecasting
                                 matters     and     advice.
                                                   are those  and discounting
                                                                      matters that,future
                                                                     The    firm     has      no   other              relation
                                                                                                               interests       in    to
                                                                                                                                    the   key    inputs
                                                                                                                                            Group.          such
                                                                                               in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our       as   projected        revenue          growth,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 audit of
               Key
                 cash
               the     audit     matters
                          flows is onefinancial
                      consolidated                 are     those
                                                   of the key         matters
                                                                      judgement
                                                                   statements        that,     in
                                                                                        of areas   our     professional
                                                                                                                      projected    judgement,
                                                                                                                                         cost    and     were
                                                                                            the current period. These matters were addressed in the context auditof
                                                                                                                                                         overheads   most and   significance
                                                                                                                                                                                  discount             in
                                                                                                                                                                                                   rates.  our   of ourof
               the
             Key
               audit  consolidated
                 that ourAudit
                         of the audit     Mattersfinancial
                                            has focused
                                      consolidated                 statements
                                                                 financial          uncertainty
                                                                     on. Thestatements  of  the     current       period.
                                                                                                                      We        These
                                                                                                       asisa whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do notour
                                                                                                                             based        our matters
                                                                                                                                                work       were
                                                                                                                                                          on   work addressed
                                                                                                                                                                        completed       in   the
                                                                                                                                                                                            by    ourcontext
                                                                                                                                                                                                          own    of
               audit     of
                 affecteda by
               provide        the     consolidated
                                        a number
                                 separate            opinion     financial
                                                            of factors
                                                                     on these    statements
                                                                              including
                                                                                      matters.         as
                                                                                                generala whole,       valuation            forming who
                                                                                                                             and inspecialist            our opinion
                                                                                                                                                                evaluated    thereon,
                                                                                                                                                                                   the key   and      we do not
                                                                                                                                                                                                 assumptions
             Key     audit
               provide        a matters
                                 separate        are     those
                                                     opinion
                 market trends, current environment and economic     matters
                                                                     on  these      that,    in
                                                                                      matters.    our    professional and        judgement,
                                                                                                                             methodologies            were
                                                                                                                                                         used   ofbymost
                                                                                                                                                                       the    significance
                                                                                                                                                                              Group       to   derivein   our
                                                                                                                                                                                                            a audit of
             the    consolidated              financial
                 factors such as the COVID19 global pandemic,    statements           of  the     current        period.
                                                                                                                      discountThese    rate,matters
                                                                                                                                                when      were
                                                                                                                                                          there    addressed
                                                                                                                                                                    have     been      in  the
                                                                                                                                                                                       changes    context
                                                                                                                                                                                                        to      of our
                                                                                                                                                                                                            inputs,
             audit
                 the of     the consolidated
                        number          of new customers       financial   forstatements
                                                                                   technology        as a whole,            and in forming
                                                                                                                      methodology                      our opinionfrom
                                                                                                                                               or assumptions              thereon,        and we
                                                                                                                                                                                   the prior        year.  doWe not
             provide
                 solutions  a eparate
                                  and expectation  opinion on           these matters.
                                                                    of future        growth in                        also assessed whether the Group’s disclosures about the
  Chartered Accountants and Business Advisers
                     demand
  Member of Grant Thornton           forLtdthe software solutions, which form
                           International                                                                       sensitivity in key assumptions fairly reflected the risks
                     the basis for the assessment of recoverability.                                           inherent in the valuation of goodwill.

                   Chartered Accountants and Business Advisers
                   Member of Grant Thornton International Ltd
                   Chartered Accountants and Business Advisers
                   Member of Grant Thornton International Ltd


| 16 |
                  Chartered Accountants and Business Advisers
                  Member of Grant Thornton International Ltd
 Accuracy of revenue                                   In this area our audit procedures included evaluating
 The Group recognised revenue of $32.1 million         the Group’s recognition of revenue by assessing the
 (2019: $24.9 million) for the year ended 30 June      procedures and controls that the Group has in place
 2020 comprising sale of goods and rendering           and that appropriate revenue recognition policies have
 of services under contract. The principal risk        been applied. In relation to sales cut-off, we performed
 associated with commercial income relates to          detailed substantive testing on sales recognised or
 recognition and recoverability. There are a           adjusted either side of year end to substantiate that the
 number of factors that could affect this balance      appropriate terms of the relevant contracts had been
 including:                                            satisfied in line with contract performance obligations.
 •    Delivery may not have occurred before year       Our audit work included assessing performance
      end which would allow the goods to be            obligations of any significant projects or contracts
      recorded as a sale in line with the revenue      including the delivery of the goods to ensure appropriate
      recognition policy.                              revenue recognition.
 •    Revenues recognised from contract sales          For contracts recognised at a point in time we inspected
      of products and services may be at a point       a sample of delivery notes, invoices raised and cash
      in time or over time with reference to           receipts.
      the various performance obligations with
                                                       For contracts recognised over time we reperformed the
      customers. Revenue may include estimates
                                                       calculation of any material revenue to be recognised
      and judgements that impact the amount of
                                                       at year end and agreed the assumptions used in
      revenue recognised.
                                                       determining the various performance obligations to
                                                       supporting documentation.


Other Information
The directors are responsible for all other information included in the Group’s Annual Report. The other information
comprises 2020 key points, Management Discussion and Analysis, Statement of Corporate Governance and the
Company Directory, included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and
our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of audit opinion or assurance conclusion thereon
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Directors’ responsibilities for the Consolidated Financial Statements
The Directors are responsible on behalf of the Group for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated
financial statements in accordance with New Zealand equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards
issued by the New Zealand Accounting Standards Board, and for such internal control as the Directors determine is
necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible on behalf of the Group for
assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group
or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.




                                                                                                                       | 17 |
         An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the
         reasonableness of accounting estimates, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
         consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                                                                                          Grant Thornton New Zealand
              Independent Auditor’s Report
         Our firm carries out other assignments for Solution Dynamics Limited and the entities it
         controlled in the area of taxation advice. The firm has no other interest                                          in NewSolution
                                                                                                                                                                                   Audit Partnership

           Auditor’s responsibilities                         for the Audit of the Consolidated                              Financial Statements                                  L4, Grant Thornton House
                                                                                                                Grant Thornton        Zealand
           Independent
         Dynamics        LimitedAuditor’sand the entities   Report
                                                                 it controlled.
                                                                                                                Audit Partnership
                                                                                                                                                                                   152 Fanshawe Street
           Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about                                                     whether
                                                                                                                L4, Grant Thornton House
                                                                                                                152 Fanshawe   Street      the consolidated financial statements   POas  a whole
                                                                                                                                                                                       Box 1961
                                                                                                                PO Box 1961
           are    free    from        material         misstatement,
         We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and    whether         due     to  fraud        or
                                                                                                                Auckland 1140
                                                                                                                                  error,
                                                                                                                        appropriate to provideand  to issue an auditor’s report that includes
                                                                                                                                                                                   Auckland  1140

           our opinion.             Reasonable
                                           opinion. assurance is a high level of assurance,                     F +64 9 309 4892 but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
                                                                                                                T +64 9 308 2570

         a basis   for our audit                                                                                www.grantthornton.co.nz                                            T +64 9 308 2570
           accordance with ISAs (NZ) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can                                                                     arise
                                                                                                                                                                                   F +64    from
                                                                                                                                                                                         9 309 4892
                                                                                                                                                                                   www.grantthornton.co.nz
           fraud
         Opinion     or    error       and     are    considered
           To the Shareholders of Solution Dynamics Limited                 material       if,  individually          or    in    the     aggregate,    they could  reasonably  be expected    to
         Ininfluence
             our opinion,     thetheconomic
                                          accompanying     decisions        of users
                                                                 consolidated              takenstatements
                                                                                     financial         on the basis   on pages  of these15 to 45 consolidated financial statements.
           Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
         present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Solution Dynamics Limited
           A further
         and   the entities
           Opinion            description
                                   it controlledofasthe          auditor’s
                                                             at 30   June 2016    responsibilities
                                                                                     and their financial      forperformance
                                                                                                                     the audit of           andthe  consolidated financial statements is
                                                                                                                                                 cash
             To
           located
         flows
           We havefor
                     the  on
                        thethe
                    audited
                                 Shareholders
                                 the
                               year      External
                                       then ended
                                  consolidated             Reporting
                                                           in accordance
                                                financial statements
                                                                        of     Solution
                                                                              Board’s
                                                                                 with New
                                                                     of Solution Dynamics  website    Dynamics
                                                                                          LimitedZealand  at   https:/
                                                                                                  (the Group) Equivalents
                                                                                                              on pages xx to
                                                                                                                                       Limited
                                                                                                                            /www.xrb.govt.nz/assurance-standards/auditors-
                                                                                                                                      to International
           responsibilities/audit-report-1/
           yy which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2018 and the consolidated
         Financial
           statement of Reporting          Standards.
                        profit or loss, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of

              Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
            changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the

           Restriction on use of our report
            consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies
          In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
           This report is made solely to the Company’s shareholders, as a body. Our audit work has been undertaken so that
          financial position of Solution Dynamics Limited and the entities it controlled as at 30 June 2018 and its financial
         Restriction            on use of our report
             Opinion
          performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with New Zealand Equivalents to
           we
         This     mightisstate
                 report         made to         thetoCompany’s
                                            solely          the Company’s        shareholders,
                                                                                        shareholders,as
          International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS) issued by the New Zealand Accounting Standardsas aa body
                                                                                                                     body. Ourthose    matters
                                                                                                                                    audit       which we are required to state to them in
                                                                                                                                          work has
          Board.
           an
         been    auditor’s          report         and      for    no     other       purpose.          To   the     fullest    extent    permitted by law, we do not accept or assume
             Weundertaken
           Basis
                     have
                    for
                                      so thatthe
                                audited
                          Opinion
                                                     we might
                                                          consolidatedstate to the         Company’s
                                                                                       financial             shareholders,
                                                                                                       statements                 as a body those
                                                                                                                             of Solution    Dynamics Limited (the Group) on pages xx to
           responsibility
         matters      which      we to   areanyone
                                              required other   to statethan   to them theinCompany
                                                                                                an auditor’s    and     its shareholders,
                                                                                                                   report     and for no otheras a body, for our audit work, for this report
             yy which          comprise               the     consolidated  Standards onstatement            of financial         position as at 30 June 2018 and the consolidated
           orconducted
           We
                for
         purpose.      the
                        ToNew opinion
                               Zealand Audit we
                           our audit
                             the      in accordance
                                     fullest     extent  have       formed.
                                                        with International
                                                              permitted         by law,Auditing
                                                                                              we do (New Zealand)
                                                                                                        not accept  (ISAs (NZ))
                                                                                                                         or assume responsibility
             statement
           issued  by the
                                  of     profit      or   loss,Standards
                                                and Assurance
                                                                     consolidated                statement           of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of
                                                                                Board. Our responsibilities under those standards
         to anyone other than the Company and the Company’s shareholders, as a body, for our
           are further described  in the  Auditor’s   Responsibilities  for the Audit of the consolidated Financial Statements
           Grant
             changes
           section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1
         audit    work,
           (Revised)
                        Thornton
                      Code for
                               inthis
                            of Ethics
                                     equity  New
                                        for report
                                                    and
                                            Assuranceor
                                                         Zealand
                                                             consolidated
                                                             for
                                                         Practitioners
                                                                           Audit
                                                                          opinion
                                                                   theissued           Partnership
                                                                                         statement
                                                                                         we
                                                                                by the New     haveAuditing
                                                                                             Zealand  formed.ofandcash
                                                                                                                   Assurance
                                                                                                                            flows for the year then ended, and notes to the
             consolidated
           Standards   Board, and we havefinancial          statements,
                                              fulfilled our other                     including
                                                                   ethical responsibilities             awith
                                                                                            in accordance   summary           of significant accounting policies
                                                                                                                these requirements.
            We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
            opinion.
             In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
            Our firm carries out other assignments for Solution Dynamics Limited and the entities it controlled in the area of
             financial position of Solution Dynamics Limited and the entities it controlled as at 30 June 2018 and its financial
            taxation returns and advice. The firm has no other interests in the Group.

             performance
           Key Audit Matters
                                        and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with New Zealand Equivalents to
             International
         Grant      Thornton           Financial
                                      NewmattersZealand    Reporting           Standards
                                                                 Audit Partnership               (NZ        IFRS)in our issued   by the New Zealand Accounting Standards
           K consolidated
               T Price
           Key audit  matters are those           that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance        audit of

             Board.
           the
         Auckland,
                             financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our
                           New Zealand
           Partner
           audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
         19provide
             September           2016on these matters.
                    a separate opinion
           Auckland
              Basis for Opinion
            27
             WeAugust  2020our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (ISAs (NZ))
                 conducted
             issued by the New Zealand Audit and Assurance Standards Board. Our responsibilities under those standards
            Chartered Accountants and Business Advisers

             are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the consolidated Financial Statements
            Member of Grant Thornton International Ltd




             section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1
             (Revised) Code of Ethics for Assurance Practitioners issued by the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance
             Standards Board, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.
             We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
             opinion.

              Our firm carries out other assignments for Solution Dynamics Limited and the entities it controlled in the area of
              taxation returns and advice. The firm has no other interests in the Group.

              Key Audit Matters
         Chartered Accountants

              Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of
         Member of Grant Thornton International Ltd


              the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our
              audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
              provide a separate opinion on these matters.




              Chartered Accountants and Business Advisers
              Member of Grant Thornton International Ltd




| 18 |
Consolidated Statement of
Profit or Loss
For the year ended 30 June 2020



                                                                                 Restated(1)
                                                                        2020         2019
                                                                 Note    $000         $000

Revenue                                                            4    32,140      24,879
Other income                                                       4     1,890         297
Total revenue		                                                         34,030      25,176

Expenses                                                           5    29,676      22,856

Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation & amortisation (EBITDA)		    4,354       2,320

Depreciation                                                      17     1,151       1,127
Amortisation of intangible assets (software)                      19      330          347
Net interest (income)                                              7       92          198
Profit before income tax		                                               2,781         648

Income tax                                                         8      915          122
Net profit after income tax		                                            1,866         526

		                                                                       Cents       Cents
Basic earnings per share                                           9      12.7          3.6
Diluted earnings per share                                         9      12.6          3.6




Consolidated Statement of
Comprehensive Income                                                             Restated(1)
                                                                        2020         2019
For the year ended 30 June 2020                                          $000         $000


Net profit after income tax		                                            1,866         526
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:			
Exchange gain on translation of foreign operations		                      (53)           (7)

Other comprehensive (loss) / income net of tax		                          (53)           (7)

Total comprehensive income for the year		                                1,813         519




                                                                                               | 19 |
         Consolidated Statement of
         Financial Position
         As at 30 June 2020



                                                                                             Restated(1)       Restated(1)
                                                                                  2020           2019              2018
                                                                           Note   $000            $000              $000

         Current Assets			
         Cash and cash equivalents        10  5,012                                              1,182              1,956
         Trade & other receivables        12  4,838                                              3,300              2,902
         Inventories and work in progress 11    267                                                359                183
         Prepayments		                          200                                                128                131
         Total Current Assets		              10,317                                              4,969              5,172
         Current Liabilities			
         Trade creditors		                  2,511                                                1,708              1,871
         Other current liabilities       13 4,131                                                1,094                838
         Other non-financial liabilities 14    72                                                  439                851
         Deferred tax liability           8   229                                                    8                 24
         Lease liability - current       16   802                                                  802                745
         Employee benefit liabilities    15   666                                                  484                472
         Total Current Liabilities		        8,411                                                4,535              4,801
         Working Capital		                                                        1,906            434                371
         Non-Current Assets			
         Capital works in progress		      188                                                      146                 61
         Property, plant & equipment 17   525                                                      629                594
         Right of use assets         18 1,406                                                    2,360              3,245
         Intangible assets           19   536                                                      860              1,179
         Goodwill                    20 1,061                                                    1,061              1,061
         Total Non-Current Assets		     3,716                                                    5,056              6,140
         Non-Current Liabilities			
         Lease liability                16 729                                                   1,700              2,500
         Total Non-Current Liabilities		   729                                                   1,700              2,500
         Net Assets		                                                             4,893          3,790              4,011
         Equity			
         Share capital                         21 5,413   5,413                                                    5,357
         Employee share option plan            30    29        7                                                      28
         Foreign currency translation reserve		     (68)     (15)                                                      (8)
         Accumulated losses                    22 (481)  (1,615)                                                  (1,366)
         Total Equity		                           4,893   3,790                                                    4,011

         For and on behalf of the Board who approved these financial statements for issue on 27 August 2020.




         John McMahon – Director		Andy Preece – Director
         (Chairman)		(Chairman Audit & Risk Management Committee)

         See accompanying notes to the accounts.
         (1)
             Restated for the impact of adoption of NZ IFRS 16, see note 2.2.5



| 20 |
Consolidated Statement of
Changes in Equity
For the year ended 30 June 2020



                                                                                         Currency
                                                            Share       Employee       Translation   Accumulated     Total
                                                           Capital     Share Plan         Reserve         Losses    Equity
                                                            $000            $000             $000          $000      $000

Balance 30 June 2018                                        5,357               28             (8)        (1,366)   4,011

Exercise of employee share options                             56             (29)               -            29       56
Issue of shares to employees                                     -               8               -              -       8
Transactions with owners                                       56             (21)               -            29       64
Profit for the year after tax                                    -                -              -           526      526
Dividend paid                                                    -                -              -         (804)     (804)
Other comprehensive (loss)                                       -                -            (7)              -      (7)
Total comprehensive income                                       -                -            (7)         (278)     (285)
Balance 30 June 2019 (Restated)                            5,413                 7            (15)        (1,615)   3,790

Exercise of employee share options                               -                -              -              -        -
Issue of shares to employees                                     -              22               -              -      22
Transactions with owners                                         -              22               -              -      22
Profit for the year after tax                                    -                -              -         1,866    1,866
Dividend paid                                                    -                -              -         (732)     (732)
Other comprehensive (loss)                                       -                -           (53)              -     (53)
Total comprehensive income                                       -                -           (53)         1,134    1,081
Balance 30 June 2020                                       5,413                29            (68)         (481)    4,893




The accompanying notes on pages 23 - 56 form part of the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                             | 21 |
         Consolidated Statement of
         Cash Flows
         For the year ended 30 June 2020



                                                                                                  Restated(1)
                                                                                        2020          2019
                                                                                 Note     $000         $000

         Cash Flow from Operating Activities			
         Cash was provided from:			
         Receipts from sales		                                                          35,296       28,280
         Other revenue		                                                                 1,890          286
         		                                                                             37,186       28,566

         Cash was applied to:			
         Payments to suppliers		                                                        21,560       18,260
         Payments to employees		                                                         8,730         7,759
         GST paid to Inland Revenue		                                                    1,130         1,245
          31,420
         		      27,264
         Net Cash Inflow from Operating Activities                               24      5,766         1,302

         Cash Flow from Investing Activities			
         Cash was applied to:			
         Purchase of property, plant and equipment & capital works in progress		           216          358
         Purchase of software & intangible assets		                                          6            28
         		                                                                                222          386
         Net Cash Outflow from Investing Activities		                                    (222)         (386)

         Cash Flow from Financing Activities			
         Cash was provided from:			
         Exercise of employee share options		                                                 -           56
         		                                                                                   -           56

         Cash was applied to:			
         Payment of dividends		                                                            732          804
         Interest paid		                                                                   124          172
         Finance lease liabilities		                                                       858          770
         		                                                                              1,714         1,746

         Net (Outflow) From Financing Activities		                                      (1,714)      (1,746)

         Net change in cash and cash equivalents		                                       3,830         (774)
         Add cash and cash equivalents held at beginning of year		                       1,182         1,956
         Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                10      5,012         1,182




         See accompanying notes to the accounts.
         (1)
             Restated for the impact of adoption of NZ IFRS 16, see note 2.2.5




| 22 |
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 June 2020


1.      CORPORATE INFORMATION
        The consolidated financial statements of Solution Dynamics Limited (SDL or Company) and its subsidiaries,
        Solution Dynamics International Limited, Solution Dynamics Incorporated and Déjar International Limited
        (collectively the Group) for the year ended 30 June 2020 were authorised for issue in accordance with a
        resolution of directors on 27 August 2020.

        Solution Dynamics Limited is a public company incorporated and domiciled in New Zealand and is listed
        with the New Zealand Stock Exchange on the NZX. The registered office is located at 18 Canaveral Drive,
        Albany in Auckland.

        The Group offers a range of integrated solutions encompassing data management, electronic digital
        printing, document distribution, web presentment and archiving, fulfilment, traditional print services,
        scanning, data entry and document management.


2.      SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
2.1     Statement of Compliance
        The consolidated financial statements of the Group comply with New Zealand Equivalents to International
        Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS) and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as
        appropriate for a profit orientated entity.

2.2     Basis of Preparation
2.2.1   Basis of Preparation
        The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis but modified, where
        applicable, by the measurement of fair value of selected financial assets and financial liabilities. Accounting
        policies are selected and applied in a manner which ensures that the resulting financial information
        satisfies the concepts of relevance and reliability, thereby ensuring that the substance of the underlying
        transactions or other events is reported. The principal accounting policies are set out below.

2.2.2   Basis of Consolidation
        The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in compliance with generally accepted
        accounting practice in New Zealand (NZ GAAP), the requirements set out in Part 7 of the Financial
        Markets Conduct Act 2013 as a reporting entity, the Main Board Listing Rules of the NZX, the Companies
        Act 1993, and other authoritative pronouncements issued by the New Zealand Accounting Standards
        Board (NZ ASB).For the purposes of complying with NZ GAAP the Group is a for-profit entity that has
        followed the Tier 1 for – profit reporting requirements set out by the External Reporting Board, in its
        “Accounting Standards Framework.”

        All subsidiaries have a 30 June reporting date and consistent accounting policies are applied.

        The acquisition method is used to prepare the consolidated financial statements, which involves adding
        together like items of assets, liabilities, income and expenses on a line-by-line basis. All transactions and
        balances between Group companies are eliminated on consolidation, including unrealised gains and losses
        on transactions between Group companies.

        The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the assumption that the Group operates
        as a going concern.




                                                                                                                          | 23 |
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements CONTINUED
         For the year ended 30 June 2020


         2.2.3   Rounding of Amounts
                 Amounts in the consolidated financial statements have been rounded off to the nearest $000 unless
                 otherwise specified.

         2.2.4   Changes in Accounting Policies and Disclosures
                 Except as described below, the accounting policies and disclosures are consistent with those of the
                 previous year.

                 The Group adopted the standards detailed below from 1 July 2019. This has given rise to a requirement to
                 restate comparative information.

         2.2.5   NZ IFRS 16 - Leases
                 NZ IFRS 16 replaces NZ IAS 17 Leases along with three Interpretations (IFRIC 4 ‘Determining whether an
                 Arrangement contains a Lease’, SIC 15 ‘Operating Lease Incentives’ and SIC 27 ‘Evaluating the Substance
                 of Transactions Involving the Legal Form of a Lease’) and removes the distinction between operating and
                 finance leases for lessees. NZ IFRS 16 requires SDL to recognise most leases, where SDL is a lessee, on
                 the statement of financial position. This has resulted in the recognition of ‘right-of-use’ assets and related
                 lease liability balances. Rental payments for leases previously classified as operating leases – including
                 property and plant & equipment leases – have moved from being included in operating expenses, to
                 depreciation and finance expenses. The impact on net earnings before income tax of an individual lease
                 over its term remains the same, however, the new standard results in a higher interest expense in the early
                 years of a lease and lower in the later years, compared with the previous straight-line expense profile of an
                 operating lease.

                 SDL has elected to transition to NZ IFRS 16 using the full retrospective method, subject to the following
                 practical expedients and exemptions:

                 1.    The recognition exemption for short-term leases (leases with a lease term of up to one year) and
                       leases of low-value assets where appropriate. For these assets, SDL continued to account for the
                       lease expense on a straight line basis over the remaining lease term; and

                 2.    The practical expedient that states that an entity is not required to reassess whether a contract is,
                       or contains, a lease at the date of initial application. This practical expedient is applied to all of SDL’s
                       contracts entered into before the date of initial application.

                 The Group also has elected not to include the initial direct costs in the measurement of the right-of-use
                 asset for operating leases in existence at the date of initial application of NZ IFRS 16, being 1 July 2018.
                 At this date, the Group has also elected to measure the right-of-use assets at an amount equal to the lease
                 liability.

                 On transition to IFRS 16 the incremental borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities recognised under NZ
                 IFRS 16 was 4.5% for property and 8.5% on plant & equipment.

                 The Group has benefited from the use of hindsight for determining the lease term when considering
                 options to extend and terminate leases.

                 A summary of the impact of the new standard on SDL’s financial statements is included below.




| 24 |
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
                                                                      Previously      Adoption of
For the year ended 30 June 2019                                        reported          IFRS 16           Restated
                                                                           $000             $000              $000
Total Revenue                                                            25,176		                              25,176

Expenses                                                                 23,803               -947             22,856

Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation & amortisation (EBITDA)       1,373               947               2,320

Depreciation                                                                238               889               1,127
Amortisation of intangible assets (software)                                347		                                347
Net interest (income)                                                         -4              202                198
Profit before income tax                                                    792               -144               648

Income tax                                                                  122		                                122
Net profit after income tax                                                 670               -144               526

Retrospective application of NZ IFRS 16
All comparative information in these financial statements has been prepared as if NZ IFRS 16 had been in effect
since 1 July 2018. The accounting policies set out in the notes have been applied in preparing the financial
statements for the year ended 30 June 2020, the comparative information presented in the financial statements for
the year ended 30 June 2019 and for the opening statement of financial position as at 1 July 2018.

The impact of the adoption of NZ IFRS 16 on the statement of cash flows for the year ended 30 June 2019 is set
out below:

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                      Previously		
                                                                       reported Adoption of Restated
                                                                           2019    IFRS 16     2019
                                                                           $000       $000     $000
Cash Flow from Operating Activities			
Cash was provided from:			
Receipts from sales                                                      28,280                   -            28,280
Other revenue                                                               286                   -              286
                                                                         28,566                   -            28,566

Cash was applied to:			
Payments to suppliers                                                    19,206               946              18,260
Payments to employees                                                     7,759                   -             7,759
GST paid to Inland Revenue                                                1,245                   -             1,245
                                                                         28,210               946              27,264
Net Cash Inflow from Operating Activities                                   356               946               1,302

Net Cash Outflow from Investing Activities                                 (386)                  -             (386)

			




                                                                                                                        | 25 |
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements CONTINUED
         For the year ended 30 June 2020


         Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows continued
                                                                               Previously		
                                                                                reported Adoption of Restated
                                                                                    2019    IFRS 16     2019
                                                                                    $000               $000              $000
         Cash Flow from Financing Activities			
         Cash was provided from:			
         Exercise of employee share options                                            56                   -               56
                                                                                       56                   -               56

         Cash was applied to:			
         Payment of dividends                                                         804                   -              804
         Interest paid / (received)                                                    (4)             (176)               172
         Finance lease liabilities                                                       -             (770)               770
                                                                                      800              (946)             1,746

         Net Cash (Outflow) from Financing Activities                               (744)              (946)           (1,690)

         Net change in cash and cash equivalents                                    (774)                   -            (774)
         Add cash and cash equivalents held at beginning of year                    1,956                   -            1,956
         Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                   1,182                   -            1,182



         Impact of adoption of NZ IFRS 16
         The adoption of NZ IFRS 16 has had no net impact on SDL’s statement of cash flows; however it has resulted
         in the reclassification of cash flows from lease arrangements. Payments for operating leases under NZ IAS 17
         were included within ‘payments to suppliers’ in operating cash flows. Payments for leases are now split between
         payments for interest, and payments that reduce the principal balance of a lease liability, both included in financing
         cash flows.

         The impact of the adoption of NZ IFRS 16 on the opening statement of financial position as at 1 July 2018 is set
         out below:

         Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                 As at 30       Adoption of          Restated
                                                                               June 2018        NZ IFRS 16              1 July
                                                                                    $000              $000              $000
         Total Current Assets                                                       5,172                   -            5,172

         Current Liabilities			
         Trade creditors                                                            1,871                   -            1,871
         Other current liabilities                                                    838                   -              838
         Other non-financial liabilities                                              851                   -              851
         Deferred tax liability                                                        24                   -               24
         Lease liability right of use assets - current                                   -               745               745
         Employee benefit liabilities                                                 472                   -              472
         Total Current Liabilities                                                  4,056                745             4,801




| 26 |
Statement of Financial Position continued
                                                                         As at 30        Adoption of             Restated
                                                                       June 2018         NZ IFRS 16                 1 July
                                                                            $000               $000                 $000
Working Capital                                                             1,116               (745)                371

Non-Current Assets			
Capital works in progress                                                       61                  -                  61
Property, plant & equipment                                                    594                  -                594
Right of use assets                                                              -             3,245                3,245
Intangible assets                                                           1,179                   -               1,179
Goodwill                                                                    1,061                   -               1,061
Total Non-Current Assets                                                    2,895              3,245                6,140

Non-Current Liabilities			
Lease liability                                                                  -             2,500                2,500
Total Non-Current Liabilities                                                    -             2,500                2,500

Net Assets                                                                  4,011                   -               4,011

Total Equity                                                                4,011                   -               4,011




SPECIFIC ACCOUNTING POLICIES
The following specific accounting policies, which significantly affect the measurement of financial performance,
financial position and cash flows, have been applied.

2.3        Foreign Currency
2.3.1      Functional and Presentation Currency
           Items included in the consolidated financial statements are measured using the currency of the primary
           economic environment in which the entity operates (the ‘functional currency’). The consolidated financial
           statements are presented in New Zealand dollars, which is the Group’s functional and presentational
           currency and expressed in $000’s.

2.3.2      Transaction and Balances
           Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates
           prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
           currencies at the reporting date are retranslated to the functional currency at the exchange rate at that
           date. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from
           the translation of period end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
           currencies are recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.

2.4        Revenue Recognition
           Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. Revenue is reduced for
           estimated customer returns, rebates and other similar allowances.




                                                                                                                             | 27 |
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements CONTINUED
         For the year ended 30 June 2020


         2.4.1   Sale of Goods
                 To determine whether to recognise revenue at a point in time or over time, an assessment has been
                 undertaken using the 5-step process set out in NZ IFRS 15:

                 1.       Identifying the contract with a customer
                 2.       Identifying the performance obligations
                 3.       Determining the transaction price
                 4.       Allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations
                 5.       Recognising revenue when and as its performance obligation(s) are satisfied.

                 The Group often enters into transactions involving a range of the Group’s products and services, for
                 example the delivery of mailing services involves a blend of physical material (paper stock and envelopes)
                 along with the provision of data and other services to process and deliver the finished job for lodgement
                 to NZ Post. In all cases, the total transaction price for a contract is allocated amongst the various stages of
                 the project based on their relative stand-alone selling prices. The transaction price for a contract excludes
                 any amounts collected on behalf of third parties. However, these constitute one performance obligation
                 due to them being highly integrated and non-distinct.

                 Revenue is recognised either at a point in time or over time, when (or as) the Group satisfies performance
                 obligations by transferring the promised goods or services to its customers.

                 To depict the progress by which SDL transfers control of the products and services to the customer, and
                 to establish when and to what extent revenue can be recognised, SDL measures its progress towards
                 complete satisfaction of the performance obligation by measuring outputs completed to date. This basis
                 provides the most faithful depiction of the transfer of goods and services to each customer due to SDL’s
                 ability to accurately measure the units produced and delivered to the customer.

                 Items where revenue is recognised as arising at the time of delivery include the sale of goods, usually
                 envelopes and paper, and the sale of right to use licences. In both cases title and the risks and rewards
                 of ownership have been transferred to the customer. No revenue is recognised if there are significant
                 uncertainties regarding recovery of the consideration due, associated costs or the possible return of
                 goods, or where there is continuing management involvement with the goods when the performance
                 obligation has been satisfied.

         2.4.2   Interest Revenue
                 Interest revenue is accrued on a time basis, by reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective
                 interest rate applicable, which is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the
                 expected life of the financial asset to that asset’s net carrying amount.

         2.4.3   Government Grants
                 Government grants are recognised as revenue when the conditions attached to the grant have been met.
                 Where there are unfilled conditions attaching to the grant, the amount relating to the unfilled condition is
                 recognised as a liability and released to revenue as the conditions are met.

         2.5     Leases
                 The Group considers whether a contract is, or contains a lease. A lease is defined as ‘a contract, or part of
                 a contract, that conveys the right to use an asset (the underlying asset) for a period of time in exchange for
                 consideration’.




| 28 |
      To apply this definition the Group assesses whether the contract meets three key evaluations which are
      whether:

      •   the contract contains an identified asset, which is either explicitly identified in the contract or
          implicitly specified by being identified at the time the asset is made available to the Group
      •   the Group has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the identified
          asset throughout the period of use, considering its rights within the defined scope of the contract
      •   the Group has the right to direct the use of the identified asset throughout the period of use.

      The Group assess whether it has the right to direct ‘how and for what purpose’ the asset is used
      throughout the period of use.

      Measurement and recognition of leases as a lessee
      At lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability on the
      statement of financial position. The right-of-use asset is measured at cost, which is made up of the initial
      measurement of the lease liability, any initial direct costs incurred by the Group, an estimate of any costs
      to dismantle and remove the asset at the end of the lease, and any lease payments made in advance of the
      lease commencement date (net of any incentives received).

      The Group depreciates the right-of-use assets on a straight-line basis from the lease commencement date
      to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of the lease term. The Group
      also assesses the right-of-use asset for impairment when such indicators exist.

      Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability are made up of fixed payments
      (including in substance fixed), variable payments based on an index or rate, amounts expected to be
      payable under a residual value guarantee and payments arising from options reasonably certain to be
      exercised.

      Subsequent to initial measurement, the liability will be reduced for payments made and increased for
      interest. It is remeasured to reflect any reassessment or modification, or if there are changes in in-
      substance fixed payments.

      When the lease liability is remeasured, the corresponding adjustment is reflected in the right-of-use asset,
      or profit and loss if the right-of-use asset is already reduced to zero.

      The Group has elected to account for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets using the practical
      expedients. Instead of recognising a right-of-use asset and lease liability, the payments in relation to
      these are recognised as an expense in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Group
      currently has no short-term or low value leases.

      On the statement of financial position, right-of-use assets have been included in a separate asset class.

2.6   Employment Benefits
      The Group recognises liabilities for benefits accruing to employees in respect of wages and salaries, annual
      leave, long service leave and sick leave when it is probable that settlement will be required, and they are
      capable of being measured reliably.

      Provisions made in respect of employee benefits expected to be settled within 12-months of each
      reporting date are measured at their nominal values using the remuneration rate expected to apply at the
      time of settlement.




                                                                                                                       | 29 |
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements CONTINUED
         For the year ended 30 June 2020


                 Provisions made in respect of employee benefits which are not expected to be settled within 12-months
                 of each reporting date are measured as the present value of the estimated future cash outflows to be
                 made by the Group in respect of services provided by employees up to the reporting date.

         2.7     Share-based Payments
                 Equity-settled share-based payments to employees are measured at the fair value of the equity
                 instruments at the grant date. Details regarding equity settled share-based transactions is set out in note
                 30.

                 The fair value determined at the grant date of the equity settled share-based payments is expensed on a
                 straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will
                 eventually vest. At each reporting date, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments
                 expected to vest.

                 The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in the Consolidated Statement of
                 Profit or Loss over the remaining period, with a corresponding adjustment to the equity-settled employee
                 benefits reserve.

         2.8     Taxation
                 Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

         2.8.1   Current Tax
                 The tax currently payable is based on the taxable profit for each reporting period. The taxable income
                 or loss differs from the amount as reported in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss because it
                 excludes items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and it further excludes
                 items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates
                 that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the financial year end, and any adjustment to tax
                 payable in respect of previous years.

         2.8.2   Deferred Tax
                 Deferred tax is recognised on differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the
                 financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit and is
                 accounted for using the liability method. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable
                 temporary differences, and deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary
                 differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those
                 deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such assets and liabilities are not recognised if the
                 temporary difference arises from goodwill or from the initial recognition (other than in a business
                 combination) of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the
                 accounting profit.

                 Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments
                 in subsidiaries and associates, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary
                 difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
                 Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments and
                 interests are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits
                 against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the
                 foreseeable future.

                 The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent
                 that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset
                 to be recovered.



| 30 |
        Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in
        which the liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted
        or substantively enacted at each reporting date. The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets
        reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the
        reporting date, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

        Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current
        tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
        authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

2.8.3   Current and Deferred Tax for Each Reporting Period
        Current and deferred tax are recognised as income or an expense within the Consolidated Statement
        of Profit or Loss, except when they relate to items credited or debited directly to equity, in which case
        the tax is also recognised directly in equity, or where they arise from the initial accounting for a business
        combination. In the case of a business combination, the tax effect is taken into account in calculating
        goodwill or in determining the excess of the acquirer’s interest in the net fair value of the acquiree’s
        identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities over the cost of the business combination.

2.9     Goods and Services Tax (GST)
        Revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities are recognised net of the amount of goods and service tax (GST),
        except:

        •   where the amount of GST incurred is not recovered from the taxation authority, it is recognised as
            part of the cost of acquisition of an asset or as part of an item of expense; or
        •   for receivables and payables which are recognised inclusive of GST.

        The net amount of GST recoverable from, or payable to, Inland Revenue is included as part of receivables
        or payables.

2.10    Property, Plant and Equipment
        Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated
        impairment losses, if any. Cost includes all expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the
        asset. Software that is integral to the functionality of the related equipment is capitalised as part of the
        asset.

        Depreciation is charged so as to write off the cost of assets over their estimated useful lives, using the
        straight-line method. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed
        at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a
        prospective basis.

        The principal depreciation rates used in the reporting periods are:

        •   Leasehold Improvements             6.5 – 7.8%
        •   Furniture and Fittings		           8.5 – 39.6%
        •   Plant and Machinery		              7.0 - 30.0%
        •   Computer Equipment		               20.0 – 36.0%

        The gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is
        determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is
        recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.




                                                                                                                           | 31 |
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements CONTINUED
         For the year ended 30 June 2020


         2.11     Intangible Assets
         2.11.1   Intangible Assets Acquired with a Finite Life
                  Intangible assets with a finite life, acquired separately are reported at cost less accumulated amortisation
                  and accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation is charged on a straight-line basis over their estimated
                  useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each annual
                  reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.

         2.11.2   Internally Generated Intangible Assets with a Finite Life
                  Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or
                  Loss in the period in which it is incurred.

                  An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development (or from the development phase of an
                  internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:

                  •   the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;
                  •   the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;
                  •   the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;
                  •   how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;
                  •   the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to
                      use or sell the intangible asset; and
                  •   the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its
                      development.
                  The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible assets is the sum of the expenditure
                  incurred from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no
                  internally generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is charged as an expense
                  to the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss in the period in which it is incurred.

                  Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less
                  accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets
                  acquired separately.

                  Amortisation is charged on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of internally generated
                  intangible assets. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each annual
                  reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.

         2.11.3   Subsequent Measurement
                  All intangible assets, including capitalised internally developed software, are accounted for using the cost
                  model whereby capitalised costs are amortised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, as
                  these assets are considered finite. Residual values and useful lives are reviewed at each reporting date. In
                  addition, they are subject to impairment testing as described in Note 2.13. The following useful lives are
                  applied:

                  •   Software 3-5 years.

         2.11.4   Intangible Assets Acquired in Business Combination
                  Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are identified and recognised separately from goodwill
                  where they satisfy the definition of an intangible asset, are identifiable and their fair values can be measured
                  reliably. The cost of such intangible assets is their fair value at the acquisition date.




| 32 |
       Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination are reported at cost
       less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets
       acquired separately.

       •   Customer contracts 3–4 years.

2.12   Goodwill
       Goodwill arising on the acquisition of a “business” as defined in NZ IFRS 3 Business Combinations
       represents the excess of the cost of acquisition over the Group’s interest in the net fair value of the
       identifiable assets and liabilities of the business recognised at the date of acquisition. Goodwill is initially
       recognised as an asset at cost and is subsequently measured at cost less any accumulated impairment
       losses.

2.13   Impairment of Assets
       At each reporting date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible and finite life intangible
       assets to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss.
       If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the
       extent of the impairment loss (if any). Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an
       individual asset, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the
       asset belongs.

       Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives, goodwill and intangible assets not yet available for use are
       tested for impairment annually, and whenever there is an indication that the asset may be impaired.

       Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in use,
       the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
       reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for
       which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

       If the recoverable amount of an asset (or cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
       amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount.
       An impairment loss is recognised immediately as an expense within the Consolidated Statement of Profit
       or Loss.

       Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating
       unit) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying
       amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss
       been recognised for the asset (or cash-generating unit) in prior years. Any impairment loss associated with
       goodwill will not be reversed in a subsequent reporting period.

2.14   Cash and Cash Equivalents
       Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other
       short term, highly-liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily
       convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.

2.15   Inventories
       Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs are assigned to inventories by
       the method most appropriate to the particular class of inventory, with the majority being valued on a
       first-in-first-out basis. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less all
       estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale.




                                                                                                                          | 33 |
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements CONTINUED
         For the year ended 30 June 2020


         2.16     Financial Instruments
         2.16.1   Recognition and Derecognition
                  Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Group becomes a party to the contractual
                  provisions of the financial instrument.

                  Financial assets are derecognised when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset
                  expire, or when the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards are transferred. A financial
                  liability is derecognised when it is extinguished, discharged, cancelled or expires.

         2.16.2   Classification and Initial Measurement of Financial Assets
                  Except for those trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component and are measured
                  at the transaction price in accordance with NZ IFRS 15, all financial assets are initially measured at fair
                  value adjusted for transaction costs (where applicable).

                  Financial assets, other than those designated and effective as hedging instruments, are classified into the
                  following categories:

                  •   amortised cost
                  •   fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
                  •   fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI).

                  In the periods presented the corporation does not have any financial assets categorised as FVOCI and
                  FVTPL.

                  The classification is determined by both:

                  •   the entity’s business model for managing the financial asset
                  •   the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset.

                  All income and expenses relating to financial assets that are recognised in profit or loss are presented
                  within finance costs, finance income or other financial items, except for impairment of trade receivables
                  which is presented within other expenses.



         2.16.3   Subsequent Measurement of Financial Assets
                  Financial assets at amortised cost

                  Financial assets are measured at amortised cost if the assets meet the following conditions (and are not
                  designated as FVTPL):

                  •   they are held within a business model whose objective is to hold the financial assets and collect its
                      contractual cash flows
                  •   the contractual terms of the financial assets give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of
                      principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding

                  After initial recognition, these are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
                  Discounting is omitted where the effect of discounting is immaterial. The Group’s cash and cash
                  equivalents, trade and most other receivables fall into this category of financial instruments as well as
                  listed bonds that were previously classified as held-to-maturity under NZ IAS 39.

         2.16.4   Classification and Measurement of Financial Liabilities
                  The Group’s financial liabilities include borrowings, trade and other payables and derivative financial
                  instruments.




| 34 |
         Financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value, and, where applicable, adjusted for transaction costs
         unless the Group designated a financial liability at fair value through profit or loss.

         Subsequently, financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method
         except for derivatives and financial liabilities designated at FVTPL, which are carried subsequently at fair
         value with gains or losses recognised in profit or loss (other than derivative financial instruments that are
         designated and effective as hedging instruments). All interest-related charges and, if applicable, changes
         in an instrument’s fair value that are reported in profit or loss are included within finance costs or finance
         income.

2.16.5   Impairment of Financial Assets
         NZ IFRS 9’s impairment requirements use more forward-looking information to recognise expected credit
         losses – the ‘expected credit loss (ECL) model’. This replaced NZ IAS 39’s ‘incurred loss model’. Instruments
         within the scope of the new requirements included loans and other debt-type financial assets measured
         at amortised cost and FVOCI, trade receivables, contract assets recognised and measured under NZ IFRS
         15 and loan commitments and some financial guarantee contracts (for the issuer) that are not measured at
         fair value through profit or loss.

         Recognition of credit losses is no longer dependent on the Group first identifying a credit loss event.
         Instead the Group considers a broader range of information when assessing credit risk and measuring
         expected credit losses, including past events, current conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts
         that affect the expected collectability of the future cash flows of the instrument.

         In applying this forward-looking approach, a distinction is made between:

         •   financial instruments that have not deteriorated significantly in credit quality since initial recognition
             or that have low credit risk (‘Stage 1’) and

         •   financial instruments that have deteriorated significantly in credit quality since initial recognition and
             whose credit risk is not low (‘Stage 2’).



         ‘Stage 3’ would cover financial assets that have objective evidence of impairment at the reporting date.

         ‘12-month expected credit losses’ are recognised for the first category while ‘lifetime expected credit
         losses’ are recognised for the second category.

         Measurement of the expected credit losses is determined by a probability-weighted estimate of credit
         losses over the expected life of the financial instrument.

2.17     Share Capital
         Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares
         or options are shown in equity as a deduction from the proceeds, net of tax.

2.18     Trade Payables and Other Current Liabilities
         These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of the
         annual reporting period which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid within 60
         days of recognition. These are measured initially at fair value net of transaction costs, subsequently at
         amortised cost using the effective interest rate method.




                                                                                                                             | 35 |
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements CONTINUED
         For the year ended 30 June 2020


         2.19   Statement of Cash Flows
                The following terms are used in the Statement of Cash Flows:

                Operating activities: are the principal revenue producing activities of the Group and other activities that
                are not investing or financing activities.
                Investing activities: are the acquisition and disposal of long-term assets and other investments not
                included in cash equivalents.
                Financing activities: are activities that result in changes in the size and composition of the contributed
                equity and borrowings of the entity.
                Non-cash financing and investing activities: There were no transactions which have had a material effect
                on assets and liabilities that did not involve cash flows and are disclosed in the statement of cash flows.

         2.20   New IFRS standards and interpretations issued but not yet adopted
                At the date of authorisation of these financial statements, several new , but not yet effective standards
                and interpretations to existing standards had been published by the IASB and XRB. None of these
                Standards or amendments to existing Standards have been adopted early by the Group.

                Management anticipates that all relevant pronouncements will be adopted for the first period beginning
                on or after the effective date of the pronouncement. New Standards, amendments and Interpretations not
                adopted in the current year have not been disclosed as they are not expected to have a material impact on
                the Group’s financial statements.


         3.     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
                ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
                In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in Note 2, the Directors are
                required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and
                liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are
                based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may
                differ from these estimates.

                The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
                estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that
                period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future
                periods.

         3.1    Annual Goodwill Impairment Testing
                Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the value in use of the Electronic
                Content Management cash-generating unit which is also known as SDL Software. The value in use
                calculation requires the Directors to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from this cash
                generating unit and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate present value.

                The carrying value of goodwill at each reporting date was $1,061,000 (2019: $1,061,000).




| 36 |
      The recoverable amount of $938,000 of goodwill associated with the acquisition of the Déjar and Bremy
      businesses has been determined based on a value in use model applying the budget, approved by the
      Directors covering the reporting period to 30 June 2020, and forecast sales based on assessments of the
      current market opportunities through existing distribution channels net of forecast costs, through to the
      end of 2025, at a post-tax discount rate of 10.2% (2019: 10.2%). Cash flows beyond 2025 have been
      taken into account by the calculation of a terminal value.

      The revenue assumptions used for the forecast period are based on management expectations supported
      by existing prospects for the budget period and allow for growth of 2.5% (2019: 2.5%) per annum over
      the balance of the forecast period. The assumptions are subject to fundamental uncertainties, particularly
      those surrounding future license sales which comprise a substantial portion of projected revenues and
      hence only inflationary growth rates have been applied. Gross margin is forecast to be consistent through
      the budget and forecast period.

      In determining whether there was any impairment of goodwill associated with the SDL Software
      operations, forecasts were prepared based on estimates for all the products sold in each market.

      Goodwill of $123,000 is associated with the acquisition of the Scantech and DTP business (2019:
      $123,000). This has similarly been tested for impairment through a review of revenue and earnings
      forecasts for the financial year ended 30 June 2020. Refer to note 20 for Directors judgements and
      estimates.

3.2   Right-of-use assets
      At inception of a contract, SDL uses judgement in assessing whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A
      contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for
      a period of time in exchange for consideration. To assess whether a contract conveys the right to control
      the use of an identified asset, SDL assesses whether:

      •   The contract involves the use of an identified asset;

      •   SDL has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the asset throughout
          the period of use; and

      •   SDL has the right to direct the use of the asset.

      At inception or on reassessment of a contract that contains a lease component, SDL allocates the
      consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone prices.
      SDL recognises a right-of-use asset at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use asset is initially
      measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments
      made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs
      to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is
      located, less any lease incentives received.

      In assessing the lease liability an incremental borrowing rate is applied to lease liabilities recognised under
      NZ IFRS 16. This is 4.5% for property and 8.5% on plant & equipment.




                                                                                                                          | 37 |
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements CONTINUED
         For the year ended 30 June 2020


                The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method from the
                commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of the
                lease term. The estimated useful lives of right-of-use assets are determined on the same basis as those of
                property and equipment. In addition, the right-of-use asset is periodically assessed for impairment losses
                and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability.


         4.     REVENUE & OTHER INCOME
                                                                                                 2020               2019
                                                                                                 $000               $000

                Revenue recognised over time                                                   30,651             23,204
                Revenue recognised at a point in time                                            1,489             1,675
                Revenue                                                                        32,140             24,879

                Government grant revenue                                                          534                265
                Gain on foreign exchange – realised                                               708                 21
                Gain on foreign exchange - unrealised                                             648                   -
                Rent                                                                                  -               11
                Other Income                                                                     1,890               297


         5.     EXPENSES
                  Note 2020                                                                                         2019
                		$000                                                                                              $000

                Acquisition related costs		                                                           -             (283)
                Auditor’s remuneration                                                 6            67                57
                Bad debts		                                                                         27                22
                Freight, postage & external print		                                              6,179            10,090
                Directors remuneration - directors fees                               29          570                477
                Research & development		                                                         1,077               681
                Salaries		7,621                                                                                    6,240
                Superannuation (KiwiSaver)		                                                      321                273
                Employee entitlements – share based payments		                                      22                  9
                Donations		                                                                          1                  1
                Other expenses		                                                               13,791              5,289
                Total Operating Expenses		                                                     29,676             22,856



         6.     AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
                		 2020                                                                                             2019
                		$000                                                                                              $000

                Audit fees – statutory audit		                                                      67                57
                Tax compliance and advisory services		                                              32                13
                Total auditors’ remuneration		                                                      99                70




| 38 |
7.    INTEREST
                                                                                                                  2020                     2019
                                                                                                                  $000                     $000

      Interest on financing of right of use assets		                                                                  92                     198
      Net interest paid                                                                                               92                     198


8.    INCOME TAX EXPENSE
8.1   Current Tax
                                                                                                                  2020                     2019
                                                                                                                  $000                     $000

      Income tax expense comprises:
      Current tax expense		                                                                                       1,136                      138
      Deferred tax expense relating to the origination and
      reversal of temporary differences		221                                                                                                 (16)
      Total tax expense                                                                                             915                      122


      The total charge for the reporting period can be reconciled to the accounting loss as follows:

      Net profit before income tax		                                                                              2,781                      648
      Income tax at company tax rate 		778       (1)
                                                                                                                                             181
      Permanent differences		                                                                                         14                     (60)
      Under / over provision in prior years		                                                                       (31)                     (22)
      Benefit of tax losses not recognised		                                                                        103                          -
      Other		60                                                                                                                                26
      Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses		                                                             (9)                      (3)
      Income tax expense                                                                                            915                      122
        The Group tax rate of 28% (2019: 28%) has been used. This is the tax rate applicable to the territory where Solution Dynamics Limited, the
      (1)

      primary tax paying entity, is domiciled.

      At 30 June 2020 there are imputation credits available of $713,000 (2019: $770,000) for use in
      subsequent reporting periods.

8.2   Deferred Tax Liability
                                                                                                                  2020                     2019
                                                                                                                  $000                     $000

      Temporary differences			
      Depreciable and amortisable assets		                                                                          192                      130
      Accruals and provisions		                                                                                       37                   (122)
      Deferred tax recognised                                                                                       229                          8

      Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences are only recognised to the extent that
      it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which the deductible temporary differences can
      be utilised.




                                                                                                                                                     | 39 |
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements CONTINUED
         For the year ended 30 June 202019


                                                                                                    2020               2019
                                                                                                    $000               $000

                Deferred tax liability movement			
                Balance at beginning of period		                                                        8                 24
                Current year movement through profit or loss		                                       221                (16)
                Balance at end of period                                                             229                   8


         9.     EARNINGS PER SHARE (EPS)
                                                                                                    2020               2019
                                                                                                    $000               $000

                Net profit for the year attributable to ordinary shareholders                      1,866                526

                Basic			
                Weighted average number of ordinary shares (000’s)		                              14,640             14,586

                		Cents                                                                                               Cents
                Basic earnings per share		                                                           12.7                3.6

                Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net profit after tax attributable to equity holders of
                the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the reporting period,
                adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the reporting period.


                Diluted			
                Weighted average number of ordinary shares (000’s)		                              14,640             14,600
                Adjustment for share options		                                                       160                160
                Weighted average 		                                                               14,800             14,760

                		Cents                                                                                               Cents
                Diluted earnings per share		                                                         12.7                3.6

                Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares
                outstanding to assume conversion of all potentially dilutive ordinary shares. Options are convertible into
                the Company’s shares and are therefore considered dilutive securities for diluted earnings per share.

         10.    CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
                                                                                                    2020               2019
                                                                                                    $000               $000

                Cash and cash equivalents		                                                        5,012              1,182
                Total                                                                              5,012              1,182

                Solution Dynamics has an overdraft facility in place with the ANZ Bank at an interest rate of 6.95% p.a.
                (2019: 8.1%). This facility is to support the operational requirements of the Group, is interest only and is
                secured by first ranking debenture over the assets of the Group.

                At period end, the ANZ Bank has imposed no financial covenants to secure the existing facilities. The
                Group maintains a $200,000 overdraft facility that was unused at the reporting date (2019: $200,000).
                The Group now holds a net cash position with no bank debt (2019: $Nil).




| 40 |
      At the end of the reporting period the Bank provided commercial guarantees totalling $65,000 (2019:
      $65,000) to the Group’s suppliers.


11.   INVENTORIES AND WORK IN PROGRESS
                                                                                      2020              2019
                                                                                      $000              $000

      Work in Progress		                                                               190               278
      Inventory		77                                                                                         81
      Total Inventories and Work in Progress                                           267               359
      				

12.   TRADE & OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                      2020              2019
                                                                                      $000              $000

      Trade receivables		                                                            3,666             3,055
      Credit loss allowance		                                                          (40)              (22)
      		3,626                                                                                          3,033
      Allowance for credit notes		                                                      (6)                 (7)
      Total trade receivables		                                                      3,620             3,026
      Forward foreign exchange contract receivable		                                   648                   -
      Sundry debtors		                                                                 570               274
      Total Trade & Other Receivables                                                4,838             3,300

      Trading terms & aging of past due trade receivables
      The Group’s trading terms require settlement by the 20th of the month following the date of invoice. At
      the reporting date the Group had past due debtors of $718,000 (2019: $374,000) for which an allowance
      of $40,246 (2019: $21,795) was made. There has not been a significant change in credit quality therefore
      the amounts are considered recoverable. The Group does not hold any collateral over these balances.

                                                                                      2020              2019
                                                                                      $000              $000

      30 – 60 days		                                                                   278               206
      60 – 90 days		                                                                   258                  54
      90 – 120 days		                                                                  182               114
      Total overdue trade receivables                                                  718               374


      Movement in allowance for credit losses
                                                                                      2020              2019
                                                                                      $000              $000

      Balance at the beginning of the reporting period		                                22                   -
      Accounts written off as uncollectable		                                           18                  22
      Total allowance for credit losses                                                 40                  22




                                                                                                                  | 41 |
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements CONTINUED
         For the year ended 30 June 2020


                In assessing the recoverability of trade receivables, the Group considers any change in the quality of
                the trade receivables from the date that the credit was initially granted up to the reporting date. The
                concentration of credit risk is limited with the largest customer comprising 26% (2019: 13%) of the gross
                trade receivable balance, of which all was current. 88% of the outstanding balance is less than 60 days
                old (2019: 95%). Accordingly, the directors believe that no further adjustments for credit are required in
                excess of the allowance for credit losses.

                For the reporting period there are no provisions against third parties (2019: $Nil).

                The directors do not consider there to be any expected credit loss in addition to the credit losses recorded
                above.

                Forward foreign exchange contract receivable
                As at 30 June 2020 the Group held forward foreign exchange contracts maturing in the next 90-180 days
                selling USD3.73 million and purchasing GBP and NZD.

         13.    OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                   2020              2019
                                                                                                   $000              $000

                Sundry creditors		                                                                1,062                   465
                Payroll accruals		                                                                     682                 57
                Provision for tax		                                                                    672           (134)
                Provision for deferred income		                                                   1,654                   593
                Provision for earnout		                                                                  -                 52
                Audit fees accrued		                                                                    61                 61
                Total Other Current Liabilities                                                   4,131              1,094


         14.    OTHER NON-FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
                                                                                                   2020              2019
                                                                                                   $000              $000

                PAYE		162                                                                                                 134
                GST		(90)                                                                                                 305
                Total Non-Financial Liabilities                                                         72                439


         15.    EMPLOYEE BENEFIT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                   2020              2019
                                                                                                   $000              $000

                Provision for sick pay		                                                                 2                  4
                Provision for long service leave		                                                     114                 96
                Provision for holiday pay 		                                                           550                384
                Total Employee Benefit Liabilities                                                     666                484

                Provisions for sick and long service leave are based on the Group’s estimate of the present value of future
                costs assuming payroll inflation rate of 2.0%.




| 42 |
16.   LEASES
                                                                                          2020              2019
                                                                                          $000              $000

      Current		802                                                                                           802
      Non-current 		                                                                        729            1,700
                                                                                          1,531            2,502


      The Group has property leases for its Canaveral Drive office and production facility, an IT infrastructure
      disaster recovery site also in Auckland and a sales office in North America and the UK. In addition to
      property leases the Group has two leases for its production imaging equipment in Auckland.

      The table below describes the nature of the Groups leasing activities by right of use asset type recognised
      on the balance sheet.

      Right of use (ROU) assets                               No of ROU             Range of             Average
                                                            assets leased     remaining term       remaining term
      Property                                                          4            1 – 3 years          2-years
      Plant & equipment                                                 2            0 – 3 years           1-year

      There is one property with a right of early termination on the payment of a break penalty. No agreements
      have a right to purchase or have extension options.

      The lease liabilities are secured by the related underlying assets. Future minimum lease payments at 30
      June 2020 were as follows:
      Right of use (ROU) assets         Within
                                        1 Year       1 - 2 years       2 - 5 years       After 5 years       Total
                                         $000              $000              $000                $000        $000

      30 June 2020					
      Lease payments                       802              650              160                     -      1,612
      Finance charges                       41               31                 9                    -          81
      Net present values                   761              619              151                     -      1,531

      30 June 2019					
      Lease payments                     1,036              857              846                     -      2,739
      Finance charges                       57               79              101                     -         237
      Net present values                   979              778              745                     -      2,502


      There are no short term leases (leases with a term of 12-months or less) or for leases of low value assets
      that the Group has not recognised as right of use assets.

      At 30 June 2020 the Group had not committed to any leases that were yet to commence.




                                                                                                                     | 43 |
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements CONTINUED
         For the year ended 30 June 2020


         17.    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                				
                		   Plant & Furniture      Leasehold
                		 Machinery & Fittings Improvements                                      Total
                		     $000       $000          $000                                      $000

                Cost					
                Balance 1 July 2018		            2,324              151           619     3,094
                Additions		                       240                 6            27      273
                Disposals                  -         -                 -             -
                Balance 30 June 2019		           2,564              157           646     3,367

                Additions		                       165                 2            12      179
                Disposals		                          -                 -             -        -
                Balance 30 June 2020 		          2,729              159           658     3,546

                Accumulated depreciation					
                Balance 1 July 2018		            1,975              139           386     2,500
                Depreciation expense		            161                 4            73      238
                Disposals		                          -                 -             -        -
                Balance 30 June 2019		           2,136              143           459     2,738

                Depreciation expense		            200                 4            79      283
                Disposals                  -         -                 -             -
                Balance 30 June 2020		           2,336              147           538     3,021

                Carrying amount					
                Balance 1 July 2018		             349                12           233      594
                Balance 30 June 2019		            428                14           187      629
                Balance 30 June 2020 		           393                12           120      525


         18.    RIGHT OF USE ASSETS
                                                            Right of Use   Right of Use
                                                         Assets Property   Assets Plant   Total
                                                                   $000           $000    $000
                Cost
                Balance 1 July 2018                               2,438            807    3,245
                Balance 30 June 2019                              2,438            807    3,245
                Balance 30 June 2020                              2,438            807    3,245

                Accumulated depreciation			
                Balance 1 July 2018                                    -              -       -

                Depreciation expense                                582            303     885
                Balance 30 June 2019                                582            303     885




| 44 |
                                                                                           Right of Use                Right of Use
                                                                                        Assets Property                Assets Plant        Total
                                                                                                  $000                        $000         $000

      Depreciation expense                                                                            651                         303       954
      Balance 30 June 2020                                                                          1,233                         606      1,839

      Carrying amount			
      Balance 1 July 2018                                                                           2,438                         807      3,245
      Balance 30 June 2019                                                                          1,856                         504      2,360
      Balance 30 June 2020                                                                          1,205                         201      1,406


19.   IDENTIFIABLE INTANGIBLES, FINITE LIFE
                                                Software                 Software                                        Customer
                                                  - Dejar                 - Bremy              Software                  Contracts         Total
                                                    $000                     $000                  $000                      $000          $000
      Cost					
      Balance 1 July 2018                           2,090                       110                 1,704                        441       4,345
      Transfers                                            -                        -                      -                           -       -
      Additions - purchased                                -                        -                   28                             -     28
      Balance 30 June 2019                          2,090                       110                 1,732                        441       4,373

      Transfers                                            -                        -                      -                           -       -
      Additions - purchased                                -                        -                     6                            -      6
      Balance 30 June 2020                          2,090                       110                 1,738                        441       4,379


      Accumulated amortisation					
      Balance 1 July 2018                           2,090                       110                   940                          26      3,166
      Transfers                                            -                        -                      -                           -       -
      Amortisation expense                                 -                        -                 224                        123        347
      Balance 30 June 2019                          2,090                       110                 1,164                        149       3,513
      Transfers                                            -                        -                      -                           -       -
      Amortisation expense                                 -                        -                 207                        123        330
      Balance 30 June 2020                          2,090                       110                 1,371                        272       3,843


      Carrying amount					
      Balance 1 July 2018                                  -                        -                 764                        415       1,179
      Balance 30 June 2019                                 -                        -                 568                        292        860
      Balance 30 June 2020                                 -                        -                 367                        169        536
      (i)
             Déjar software (intellectual property) includes software costs of $1,400,000 purchased from Efactor and Déjar Holdings.
      (ii)
             Addition as acquired through business combinations arose from the Scantech and DTP acquisitions.




                                                                                                                                                   | 45 |
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements CONTINUED
         For the year ended 30 June 2020


         20.    GOODWILL
                                                   Scantech             DTP             Déjar            Bremy       Total
                                                      $000             $000             $000              $000       $000
                Balance at beginning of year              66              57              215                723     1,061
                Net carrying amount                       66              57              215                723     1,061

                Goodwill has arisen on the acquisition of businesses previously controlled by Déjar Holdings Limited,
                Bremy Limited, Scantech Limited and DigitalToPrint. For impairment testing purposes, goodwill is
                determined to be associated with the SDL Software cash generating unit.

                No accumulated impairment losses have been recognised against the goodwill.

                The carrying value of goodwill relating to the Déjar and Bremy acquisitions is tested on an annual basis
                through assessment of the value-in-use of the SDL Software cash generating unit. The cash flows used
                in the value-in-use calculations are based firstly on the management budget for the 2021 year followed
                by management forecasts over a further four-year period. Cash flows after 2025 have been taken into
                account through a terminal value calculation. Management has projected growth in sales for the Déjar
                and Bremy products at 2.5% per annum for the 2022-2025 forecast period because it reflects inflation.
                Growth above inflation has not been projected due to there being uncertainty around this.

                The pre-tax discount rate used in the impairment calculation is 13.2% (2019: 13.8%). The equivalent post-
                tax nominal rate for the forecast cash flows is 10.2% (2019: 10.2%). In the Directors’ view this represents
                the rate that the market would expect on an investment of equivalent risk. There has been no impairment
                in the reporting period (2019: $Nil).

                Goodwill of $123,000 has arisen from deferred tax on business combinations associated with the
                Scantech Limited and DigitalToPrint acquisitions. Following a review of forecast cash flows for the 2021
                budget period the Directors’ judgement is that there are no indicators of impairment at reporting date.

         20.1   Sensitivity to Changes in Assumptions
                As at 30 June 2020, the date of the Group’s annual impairment test, the estimated recoverable amount of
                the Déjar and Bremy indefinite life intangible assets exceeded their carrying amount by $4,874,000 (2019:
                $7,200,000).

                It is the judgement of Directors that reasonable changes in the foreseeable future to growth rates and
                discount rates (sensitivity analysis) does not result in an impairment loss for these assets.


         21.    SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                                    2020            2019
                                                                                                    $000            $000

                Ordinary Shares			
                Balance at beginning of year		                                                     5,413            5,357
                Exercise of employee share options		                                                     -              56
                Share Capital at End of Year                                                       5,413            5,413

                The Company had 14,639,810 (2019: 14,639,810) ordinary shares on issue as at 30 June 2020. All
                ordinary shares ranked equally with one vote attached to each fully paid ordinary share and share equally
                in dividends and surplus on winding up.




| 46 |
22.   ACCUMULATED LOSSES
                                                                                    2020              2019
                                                                                    $000              $000

      Balance at beginning of reporting period		                                  (1,615)           (1,366)
      Net operating profit after income tax		                                       1,866              526
      Exercise of employee share options		                                               -               29
      Payment of dividends		                                                        (732)             (804)
      Accumulated Losses at end of reporting period                                 (481)           (1,615)


23.   EMPLOYEE REMUNERATION
      Remuneration includes salaries, bonuses and other benefits including non-cash benefits. The number of
      employees with total remuneration exceeding $100,000 in each of the following bands was:

                                                                                    2020              2019
                                                                                    $000              $000
      $100,000 to $109,999		                                                            5                 3
      $110,000 to $119,999		                                                            4                 1
      $120,000 to $129,999		                                                             -                2
      $130,000 to $139,999		                                                            1                 -
      $140,000 to $149,999		                                                             -                1
      $150,000 to $159,999		                                                            1                 2
      $160,000 to $169,999		                                                            1                 1
      $170,000 to $179,999		                                                            2                 -
      $180,000 to $189,999		                                                            3                 2
      $200,000 to $209,999		                                                            2                 -
      $250,000 to $259,999		                                                             -                1
      $260,000 to $269,999		                                                            1                 -
      $270,000 to $279,999		                                                            1                 -
      $340,000 to $349,999		                                                            1                 -
      $390,000 to $399,999		                                                             -                1
      $430,000 to $439,999		                                                            1                 -
      Total staff with remuneration exceeding $100,000                                 23                14


24.   RECONCILIATION OF NET LOSS AFTER INCOME TAX FOR
      YEAR WITH NET CASH INFLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
                                                                                    2020              2019
                                                                                    $000              $000
      Net profit / (loss) after income tax		                                        1,866              526

      Adjustments:			
      Depreciation and amortisation of assets		                                     1,481            1,474
      (Gain) on foreign exchange		                                                (1,356 )             (21)
      Bad and doubtful debts		                                                         19                21
      Interest expense (reclassified as financing activity)		                          92              197
      Other non-cash items		                                                         190               (15)
      Cash flow from trading                                                        2,292            2,182




                                                                                                              | 47 |
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements CONTINUED
         For the year ended 30 June 2020


                                                                                                  2020                2019
                                                                                                  $000                $000

                Add movements in working capital:			
                (Increase) in trade & other receivables		                                       (1,541)               (419)
                Decrease / (Increase) in inventories and work in progress		                        143                (176)
                (Increase) / decrease in prepayments		                                            (139)                  3
                Increase in other current liabilities		                                          3,769                  36
                (Decrease) in other non-financial liabilities		                                   (368)                 (4)
                Increase / (decrease) in trade creditors		                                         803                (165)
                Increase / (decrease) in employee benefit liabilities		                            807                (155)
                		3,474                                                                                               (880)
                Net Cash Flows from Operating Activities                                         5,766              1,302


         25.    SEGMENT INFORMATION
                The Group operates in one business segment, the supply of customer communication solutions. These
                include a range of integrated document management products and services separated into three streams;
                outsource services, technology & development services, intelligent imaging and output services. Specific
                elements of these streams are as follows:

                •   Software & Technology, Solution Dynamics owns the intellectual property in five products;

                »   Déjar, an online digital archival and retrieval system sold stand-alone under licence agreements and
                    also as a hosted service in New Zealand and Internationally.

                »   Bremy, Digital asset management, workflow and multichannel publishing software sold as a licenced
                    product and also as a hosted service in New Zealand, Australia and the UK.

                »   Composer, “On-Demand” content creation software.

                »   DéjarMail, is a web browser-based desktop mail management solution which allows customers to
                    route mail correspondence to SDL or any other service provider for printing and delivery.

                »   Jupiter is a hybrid mail application that was acquired through the purchase of the DigitalToPrint
                    business. The application routes data received from clients for international distribution of
                    communications to the destination country for print production and lodgement as local mail.

                In addition to owning the intellectual property for the above products, Solution Dynamics provides
                programming, consulting and design services that help clients to distribute marketing and essential
                communications by mail and electronically. The provision of these services is covered under this category.

                Grant income (NZTE / R&D) and foreign exchange gains / (losses) are related to the software business
                segment and included in this revenue group.

                •   Digital Printing & Document Handling Services, the printing of client’s information digitally using high
                    speed laser printers followed by the lodgement and distribution of those documents using a variety of
                    machine and other processes.

                •   Outsourced Services, not all components of Solution Dynamics’ solutions are produced internally.
                    External elements such as post, freight, paper and envelopes are sourced from external suppliers and
                    included in this service stream. Solution Dynamics has long term arrangements with a number of key
                    suppliers such as NZ Post for the provision of these services.




| 48 |
An overhead structure including sales, marketing and administration departments provides services for all
of the above revenue streams.

There are no reconciling items in this note due to the management information provided to the Chief
Operating Decision Maker, the CEO Nelson Siva, being compiled using the same standards and accounting
policies as those used to prepare the financial statements.

Segment Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

                                                                2020		2019
                                                                $000 % $000                           %
Software & Technology                                         22,012            65%     8,345      33%
Digital Printing & Document Handling Services                  4,568            13%     5,561      22%
Outsourced services                                            7,450            22%    11,270      45%
Total revenue                                                 34,030       100%        25,176     100%

Less cost of sales                                            20,571            60%    16,682      66%
Gross margin                                                  13,459            40%     8,494      34%

Selling, general & administration                              9,105            27%     6,174      25%
Earnings before interest, tax,depreciation & amortisation      4,354            13%     2,320         9%

Less:				
Depreciation                                                   1,151            4%      1,127         4%
Amortisation                                                     330            1%        347         2%
Interest                                                          92            0%        198         1%
Tax                                                              915            2%        122         0%
Operating profit                                               1,866            6%        526         2%

Segment Assets
Assets are not segmented between service streams.

Information about Major Customers
Included in revenues for the Group of $34.03 million (2019: $25.2 million) are revenues of $8.28 million
(2019: $3.15 million) which arose from sales to the Group’s largest customer.

Geographical Information
The Group has customers in New Zealand, Australia, United States of America and Europe.
                                                                   Revenue from           Non-current
                                                              external customers               assets
                                                                2020        2019        2020    2019
                                                                $000        $000        $000    $000
New Zealand                                                   16,687      16,493        3,613     4,921
Australia                                                        484            519          -         -
United States of America                                      12,625       3,033           50         76
Europe                                                         4,234       5,131           53         59
Total                                                         34,030      25,176        3,716     5,056




                                                                                                            | 49 |
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements CONTINUED
         For the year ended 30 June 2020


         26.    CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
                There were no contingent liabilities at reporting date for the Group (2019: $Nil).


         27.    CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                The Group had no capital commitments at the reporting date (2019: $Nil).


         28.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
         28.1   Credit Risk
                Financial instruments that potentially subject the Group to concentrations of credit risk consist principally
                of trade & other receivables. The maximum credit risk is the carrying value of these financial instruments;
                however, the Group does not consider the risk of non-recovery of these accounts to be material.

                In the normal course of its business the Group incurs credit risk from trade receivables and transactions
                with financial institutions. The Group has a credit policy, which is used to manage this exposure to credit
                risk. As part of this policy, credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit. The Group
                does not have any significant concentrations of credit risk, excluding the single largest customer referred
                to in Note 12. This customer is not viewed as a credit risk due to trading and payment history. The Group
                does not require any collateral or security to support financial instruments as it only deposits with, or loans
                to banks and other financial institutions with credit ratings of no less than AA-. It does not expect the non-
                performance of any obligations that are not provided for at reporting date.

         28.2   Categories of Financial Instruments
                                                                                                   2020                 2019
                                                                                                   $000                 $000
                                                                                              Financial            Financial
                                                                                              Assets &             Assets &
                                                                                           liabilities at       liabilities at
                                                                                         amortised cost       amortised cost
                Assets
                Cash & cash equivalents (Note 10)                                                    5,012             1,182
                Trade & other receivables (Note 12)                                                  4,838             3,300
                Total Financial Assets                                                               9,850             4,482
                Total non-financial assets                                                           4,183             5,543
                Total Assets                                                                    14,033               10,025
                                                                                                   2020                 2019
                                                                                                   $000                 $000
                                                                                              Financial            Financial
                                                                                              Assets &             Assets &
                                                                                           liabilities at       liabilities at
                                                                                         amortised cost       amortised cost
                Finance Liabilities		
                Trade creditors                                                                      2,511             1,708
                Other current liabilities (Note 13)                                                  4,131             1,094
                Total Financial Liabilities                                                          6,642             2,802
                Lease liability - right of use assets                                                1,531             2,502
                Total non-financial liabilities                                                       967                931
                Total Liabilities                                                                    9,140             6,235

                The carrying values of the financial instruments above are equivalent to their fair values.




| 50 |
28.3   Maturity Date of Financial Instruments
           Weighted
             average					Gross
            effective Less than   1-3  3 months    1-5  Nominal                                              Carrying
        interest rate  1 month months  to 1 year years  outflow                                                 Value
       		($000)                 ($000)    ($000) ($000)  ($000)                                                ($000)

       2020
       Non-interest bearing          n/a         3,791      2,098            753         -           6,642     6,642
       		3,791                                              2,098            753         -           6,642     6,642

       2019 							
       Non-interest bearing          n/a         1,946        933            (79)        -           2,800     2,775
       		1,946                                                933            (79)        -           2,800     2,775


28.4   Interest Rates
       The following table details the Group’s weighted average effective interest rates for financial liabilities at
       reporting date.

        2020
       		    2019
       Financial Liabilities:		
       Finance facility (overdraft rate)		                                                   6.95%              8.1%

28.5   Foreign Currency Risk Management
       Hosting and license sales linked to SDL Software operations are denominated in foreign currency and sold
       under standard terms and conditions. Any variation in exchange rate between the date of sale and the
       date cash is received is accounted for as a foreign exchange gain/loss in the period in which it occurs. For
       material individual transactions in foreign currencies the Group has a policy of taking forward exchange.
       At 30 June 2020 of total trade receivables of $3,666,000 (2019: $3,055,000) a total of $2,085,000 (2019:
       $1,384,000) was in foreign currencies. $235,000 (2019: $1,076,000) of the foreign currency receivables
       were denominated in European currencies, $1,761,000 (2019: $177,000) in US $ with the remainder of
       the balance in AUD $.

       In addition to the trade receivables of $2,085,000 (2019: $1,384,000) held in foreign currencies at the end
       of the reporting period, a further $4,143,000 (2019: $700,000) in cash was also held in foreign currencies,
       a total of $6,228,000 (2019: $2,084,000). Adjusted for offsetting payables balances of $3,976,000
       (2019: 1,243,000), a movement in the exchange rate of 10% would give rise to an exchange fluctuation of
       $225,000 (2019: $78,700).

       Trading operations for the UK and Europe are largely undertaken through SDL’s UK subsidiary Solution
       Dynamics International Limited (SDIL). For North America, operations are undertaken through Solution
       Dynamics Incorporated. At period end the net assets for SDIL and SD Inc., comprising largely working
       capital, was a credit balance of NZ$153,000 (2019: NZ$225,000) with cash and receivable balances as
       noted above.

       At 30 June 2020, the reporting date forward exchange contracts were held to sell USD totalling
       NZ$5,785,000 (2019: $Nil), on which an unrealised gain of $648,000 is recognised at the reporting date.
       The forward exchange contracts are for the purchase of NZD and GBP. A movement in the exchange rate
       of 10% would give rise to a fluctuation of $578,000 on these contracts.




                                                                                                                        | 51 |
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements CONTINUED
         For the year ended 30 June 2020


                The realised foreign exchange gains disclosed in Note 4 relate to USD forward exchange contracts to
                purchase NZD and GBP totalling USD$5,500,000 closed between April and June end on trade and other
                receivables through the 12-months ending 30 June 2020.

         28.6   Liquidity Risk Management
                Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the Board of Directors, which has built
                an appropriate liquidity risk management framework for the management of the Group’s short, medium
                and long-term funding and liquidity management requirements. The Group manages liquidity risk by
                maintaining adequate reserves, banking facilities and reserve borrowing facilities, by continuously
                monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and
                liabilities. With positive cash inflows the Group’s liquidity risk is considered by the Directors to be low.

         28.7   Interest Rate Sensitivity Analysis
                At 30 June 2020 the interest rate on the overdraft facility was 6.95% (2019: 8.1%). With a net cash
                position of $5.01 million (2019: $1.18 million) at the end of the reporting period a material change in the
                interest expense is not expected.

         28.8   Capital Management
                The Group manages its capital to ensure that the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while
                maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balances.

                Earnings in the Group has improved on the prior year. The Group is in a net cash position of $5.01 million
                (2019: $1.18 million) and a net cash inflow from operations of $5.77 million (2019: $0.36 million). There
                was an operating profit of $1.87 million in the current year (2019: $0.53 million). A material improvement
                in financial performance is forecast for the 2021 year. The Group has no externally imposed covenants to
                manage, the only debt on the balance sheet relates to right of use assets.

                                                                                                     2020               2019
                                                                                                     $000               $000

                Borrowings – Liability right of use assets		                                       (2,208)            (3,162)
                Cash & Finance facility (Note 10)		                                                 5,012               1,182
                Net cash (debt)		                                                                   2,804             (1,980)

                Equity (all capital and reserves)		                                                 4,893               3,790
                Net (cash) debt to equity ratio		                                                   (57%)                52%

                During the year the finance facility was subject to certain conditions which are disclosed in Note 10.


         29.    RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
                Transactions between related parties include transactions with subsidiaries, shareholders, directors and
                their companies and senior executives. Transactions with SDL’s subsidiary Solution Dynamics International
                Limited are completed under a supplier agreement on similar terms to those previously struck with third
                party channel partners.

                Related party transactions from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020 were as follows:

                •   Key management were paid $1,485,985 (as employees of Solution Dynamics Limited or its
                    subsidiaries and including the calculated benefit of the employee share option plan) during the
                    reporting period (2019: $711,903) and were owed $150,918, including annual leave, at 30 June 2020
                    (2019: $48,022).




| 52 |
      The following fees and salaries were paid to Directors during the reporting period:

                                                                                         2020               2019
                                                                                         $000               $000

      John McMahon (Chairman)		                                                             55                45
      Nelson Siva (CEO)		                                                                 342                374
      Julian Beavis		                                                                       36                25
      Elmar Toime		                                                                         60                25
      Lee Eglinton		                                                                        36                 4
      Andy Preece (Chairman Audit & Risk Management Committee)		                            41                 4
      Total Directors’ Remuneration                                                       570                477

      One of SDL’s directors, Mr Elmar Toime, has significant experience in the global mail and logistics markets
      (former CEO of NZ Post, former Deputy executive Chair of Royal Mail Group, was a Supervisory Board
      member of Deutsche Post DHL, and is a non-executive director of Qatar Post). He is providing specialised
      mail and logistics consulting advice to the Company during the COVID-19 period along with additional
      support to SDL’s northern hemisphere operations during a period when travel from New Zealand has not
      been possible, along with the temporary absence of the CEO, Nelson Siva, for medical reasons. These
      services were provided on normal commercial terms and totalled $24,000 during the year.


30.   EMPLOYEE OPTIONS
      On 17 February 2014 the board of Solution Dynamics Limited announced the introduction of an equity
      settled employee share option plan. The general principles of the scheme were:

      •   The maximum aggregate number of share options to be granted pursuant to the plan is 5% of the
          total number of shares on issue.
      •   Options of no more than 1% of the total number of SDL’s shares on issue can be granted to an
          individual staff member.
      •   The exercise price will be determined by the Board based on the market price at the time of issue.
      •   The options may be exercised by the participant (in whole or part) after three years from the date
          that they are granted. The key employees have 18-months from the date of eligibility and must be
          employed by SDL at the date the option is exercised.

      All options from the initial tranches of the scheme were exercised by March 2020. Effective 14 December
      2018 the board issued 80,000 share options each to two staff who are key senior members of the
      Company’s IT team (with an exercise price of $1.70), one of whom remains as an employee. The issue
      of a further 80,000 share options was approved to another key member of the Company’s IT team in
      September 2019 (with an exercise price of $1.65).

                                                                              2020                          2019
                                                                   Number of shares              Number of Shares
                                                                               ‘000                          ‘000

      Unvested shares at 1 July                                                   160                         80
      Granted                                                                      80                        160
      Lapsed (on resignation of staff member)                                     (80)                          -
      Vested                                                                         -                       (80)
      Unvested shares at 30 June                                                  160                        160
      Percentage of total ordinary shares                                        0.5%                       0.5%




                                                                                                                    | 53 |
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements CONTINUED
         For the year ended 30 June 2020


                The fair value of the options granted during the reporting period was $50,445 (2019: $Nil). This cost is
                recognised over the vesting period.

                                                Options     Share price at       Exercise           Options           Option
                Grant Date                       Issued       Grant Date            Price            Expire           Value $
                December 2018                   80,000              $1.70           $1.70        June 2023           $25,220
                September 2019                  80,000              $1.65           $1.65      March 2024            $70,160

                The fair value was determined using a Black-Scholes option pricing model that takes into account the
                exercise price, the term of the option, the share price at grant date and expected price volatility of the
                underlying share, the dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate for the term of the option.

                In addition to the factors as noted in the table above further inputs for the model included:

                •   Standard deviation of stock returns 35%. This is based on an analysis of share price movements over
                    the 12-months prior to the issue of the options.
                •   Average dividend yield of 3.67%.
                •   Average annual risk-free rate of 0.83%.


         31.    SHAREHOLDERS AND SUBSTANTIAL SECURITY HOLDERS
         31.1   The 20 largest shareholders as at 31 July 2020 were:
                Shareholder                                                                   % Of Total               Shares
                ASB Nominees Limited (574233 A/C)                                                10.93%             1,600,658
                Philip Hadfield Hardie Boys (P & K Hardie Boys Family A/C)                        7.92%             1,160,000
                New Zealand Permanent Trustees Limited - NZCSD (NZPT43)                           7.27%             1,064,486
                Indrajit Nelson Sivasubramaniam & Tracey Lee Sivasubramaniam
                & Comac Trustees Limited                                                          6.08%              890,000
                Custodial Services Limited (A/C 4)                                                5.04%              737,138
                Michael Charles Hare                                                              4.82%              705,000
                Accident Compensation Corporation - NZCSD (ACCI40)                                4.77%              698,238
                Colin Glenn Giffney                                                               3.55%              520,000
                Kirsten Roberts                                                                   2.97%              434,923
                Stephen Christopher Montgomery                                                    2.73%              400,000
                Deirdre Elizabeth Tallott                                                         2.46%              359,444
                Jillian Bernadette Winstanley                                                     2.22%              325,000
                Roger Dixon Armstrong                                                             2.06%              301,665
                FNZ Custodians Limited (DRP NZ A/C)                                               2.05%              299,793
                Investment Custodial Services Limited (990025995)                                 1.92%              280,881
                Christopher Veale & Penny Veale                                                   1.81%              265,704
                Custodial Services Limited (A/C 3)                                                1.73%              253,785
                Don Nominees Limited                                                              1.60%              234,944
                Custodial Services Limited (A/C 18)                                               1.25%              182,595
                Investment Custodial Services Limited (990027046)                                 1.23%              180,000
                Grand Total                                                                      74.42%            10,894,254

                A total of 14,639,810 shares were on issue (2019: 14,639,810).




| 54 |
31.2   Size of Shareholding as at 22 July 2020
       Holdings                                               Shareholders         Shares Held         % Of Total
       1-999                                                             90             18,418              0.13%
       1,000-4,999                                                       77           150,492               1.03%
       5,000-9,999                                                       38           240,317               1.64%
       10,000-49,999                                                     56          1,039,058              7.10%
       50,000-99,999                                                     17          1,181,338              8.07%
       100,000 and over                                                  29        12,010,187             82.04%
       Total                                                           307         14,639,810             100.0%


31.3   Substantial Security Holders
       According to notices given under the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013, the following persons were
       substantial shareholders in Solution Dynamics Limited as at 31 July 2020:

       Shareholder                                                                  % Of Total             Shares
       Meta Capital Limited (John McMahon)                                             10.93%           1,600,658
       New Zealand Permanent Trustees Limited (The Aspiring Fund)                        7.27%          1,064,486
       Philip Hadfield Hardie Boys (P & K Hardie Boys Family A/C)                        7.92%          1,160,000
       Indrajit Nelson Sivasubramaniam & Tracey Lee Sivasubramaniam                      6.08%           890,000
       Michael Charles Hare (& others)                                                   5.05%           740,000


32.    COVID-19
       The key outcome of COVID-19 has been SDL’s success to date in ensuring its staff remained safe, after
       strict health monitoring and effective work practices were put in place early and rigorously adhered to.
       The use of segregated teams, health monitoring, and controlled facility access helped ensure no SDL
       staff member has been infected by COVID-19. These measures are expected to remain in place for an
       extended period or until a vaccine is available. A range of SDL’s clients are essential services businesses
       and consequently the Company continued partial onsite production operations throughout the New
       Zealand lockdown. The Company’s non-production employees were able to work successfully from home,
       including SDL’s international staff. The Company deeply appreciates the efforts and cooperation by staff
       in their flexibility, assistance and compliance with health requirements, and thanks them for perseverance
       and maintaining morale in difficult operating circumstances.

       SDL has seen several financial effects from COVID which are estimated to have had an aggregate
       moderately negative impact on the FY2020 result.

       Given some of SDL’s customers were essential services, revenue during the New Zealand lockdown period
       only declined by around 15%, a better result than had initially been anticipated, but nevertheless causing a
       drag on New Zealand profitability over a three-month period. SDL claimed the New Zealand government’s
       wage subsidy on the basis that revised budgets at the start of lockdown suggested revenue would decline
       by slightly more than 30%, however, when this did not eventuate, the wage subsidy was returned.




                                                                                                                      | 55 |
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements CONTINUED
         For the year ended 30 June 2020


                SDL’s UK volumes were materially affected as large parts of that economy slowed significantly during
                lockdown, including one large client whose activity declined around 85%. The UK economy has been slow
                to recover and, at the time of this report has only seen a slight uplift in activity as the government there
                is attempting to slowly normalise activity. The UK lockdown and economic slowdown tipped SDL’s UK
                business into loss for the half and this has distorted the Company’s overall tax rate upwards as that loss is
                ring fenced for tax purposes so is not able to offset profits in other jurisdictions.

                Some costs savings were made, with travel reducing to near zero and several months of rent relief at
                SDL’s Albany premises. However, these were insufficient to offset the decline in gross margin from lower
                revenues.


         31.    EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING DATE
                On 27 August 2020, the directors approved the payment of a fully imputed dividend of 6.00 cents per
                share amounting to $878,000 to be paid on 21 October 2020 (2019: The directors approved the payment
                of a fully imputed dividend of 2.00 cents per share, amounting to $293,000).




| 56 |
Statement of
Corporate Governance


STATEMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The corporate governance processes set out in this statement do not materially differ from the principles set out in
the New Zealand Stock Exchange Corporate Governance Best Practice Code issued on May 2017. The information
in this report is current as at 27 August 2020 and has been approved by the Board.

The Board Charter and key policies which were approved by the board on 2 May 2019 are available on the
Company’s website: www.solutiondynamics.com.

SDL is listed on the NZX’s Main Board and is subject to regulatory control and monitoring by both the NZX and the
Financial Markets Authority (FMA).

PRINCIPLE 1 – CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOUR
Directors should set high standards of ethical behaviour, model this behaviour and hold management to account for
adherence to these standards throughout the organisation.

The Board recognises that high ethical standards and behaviours are central to good corporate governance and it is
committed to the observance of a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics throughout the Group.

The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which was approved by the Board as part of the process of migrating
to the NZX Main Board, provides a framework of standards by which the directors, employees and contractors to
SDL and its related companies are expected to conduct themselves. It is intended to facilitate actions and decision-
making that is consistent with SDL’s values, business goals and legal obligations and, thereby, enhance performance
outcomes.

Employees are expected to report any breaches of the Code in line with the processes outlined in the Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics.

A copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is made available to all employees and is given to all
new employees when they join the Group. Any future changes to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
will be communicated to staff. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics can also be found at http://www.
solutiondynamics.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/Code_of_Business_Conduct_and_Ethics.pdf.

SDL has a Share Trading Policy to mitigate the risk of insider trading in SDL’s securities by employees and Directors.
A copy of this Policy can also be found at http://www.solutiondynamics.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/Share_
Trading_Policy.pdf. The Policy was updated in May 2019 as a part of the process of migrating to the NZX Main
Board. Additional share trading restrictions apply to Restricted Persons including Directors and certain employees.

Directors’ Share Dealings and Shareholding
Directors’ disclose the following relevant interests in shares in the Group at 30 June 2020 and transactions in
relevant interests in shares during the financial year ended 30 June 2020.

Shareholder                                     Balance Additions Disposals                               Balance
                                           30 June 2019			                                           30 June 2020
John McMahon                                   1,545,658              55,000                    -        1,600,658
Nelson Siva                                      970,000                     -           80,000            890,000
Andy Preece                                             0             53,000                   0            53,000
Lee Eglinton                                            0             18,000                   0            18,000




                                                                                                                         | 57 |
         Statement of Corporate Governance CONTINUED


         Entries in the Interests Register
         In addition to the interests and related party transactions disclosures in Note 29 and the Director remuneration
         disclosed under principle 5 below, the following interests were disclosed to the Board and noted in the interests
         register during the financial year ended 30 June 2020:

         •   Indemnification of Officers and Directors: The Company indemnifies Directors and Executive Officers of the
             Group against all liabilities which arise out of the performance of their normal duties as Director or Executive
             Officer.

         •   Directors & Officers’ insurance: In parallel with the indemnity coverage, the Group has Directors & Officers’
             liability insurance. The total cost of this insurance expensed during the year ended 30 June 2020 was $21,250
             (2019 - $21,300).

         Conflicts of Interest and Related Parties
         All Directors must disclose any general and specific interests that could be in conflict with their obligations to the
         Group. Transactions with related parties and balances outstanding relating to the year ended 30 June 2020 are
         disclosed in Note 29 of the Notes to the Financial Statements.


         PRINCIPLE 2 – BOARD COMPOSITION & PERFORMANCE
         To ensure an effective Board, there should be a balance of independence, skills, knowledge, experience and perspectives.

         The primary responsibilities of the Board include:

         •   to establish the vision of the Group
         •   to establish the long-term goals and strategies of the Group
         •   to approve annual and half-year financial reports
         •   to approve annual budgets
         •   to approve corporate policies
         •   to ensure the Group has good internal controls and keeps adequate records
         •   to ensure legislative compliance
         •   to monitor executive management
         •   to ensure appropriate communication to stakeholders

         Board procedures are governed by the Constitution.

         The Board is responsible for setting the strategic direction of the Company, overseeing the financial and
         operational controls of the business, putting in place appropriate risk management strategies and policies and
         enhancing its value for shareholders in accordance with good corporate governance principles.

         In addition to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, the Board also operates under a written Board Charter
         which sets out the structure of the Board, role and responsibilities of Directors, procedures for the nomination,
         resignation and removal of Directors; and identifies procedures to ensure that the Board meets regularly, conducts
         its meetings in an efficient and effective manner and that each Director is fully empowered to perform his or her
         duties as a Director of the Company and to fully participate in Board meetings.




| 58 |
The day-to-day management of SDL’s business is undertaken by SDL’s senior management team under the
leadership of the Chief Executive Officer, through a set of delegated authorities which are reviewed annually.

In order to discharge their duties, Directors have direct access to and may rely on financial and other management
information, and advice provided by SDL’s senior management as well as professional advice provided by external
advisers. Directors have the right, with the approval of the Chairman or by resolution of the Board, to seek
independent legal or financial advice at the Company’s expense for the proper performance of their duties.

Board Composition and Appointment
The number of elected Directors and the procedure for their retirement and re-election at Annual Shareholder
Meetings is set out in the Company’s constitution.

SDL considers that the nomination process for new Director appointments is the responsibility of the whole Board
and it does not have a separate Nomination Committee.

The Board takes into consideration tenure, capability, diversity and skills when reviewing Board composition and
new appointments.

At each Annual Meeting, one-third of the current Directors retire by rotation and are eligible for re-election. Any
Directors appointed since the previous Annual Meeting must also retire and are eligible for election.

When a new Director is appointed, SDL will enter into a written appointment letter setting out the terms of their
appointment.

The Board supports the separation of the roles of Chairman and CEO. The Chair of SDL as at 27 August 2020 is
non-executive director, John McMahon, who has (through a related party) a 10.93% shareholding in SDL and is
therefore not considered independent under the NZX Main Board Listing Rules.

The Board currently comprises six Directors, being a non-executive chairman (non-independent), four non-
executive Directors (independent) and the Chief Executive. They are all elected based on the value they bring to
the Board.

In order for a Director to be independent, the Board has determined that he or she must not be an executive of
SDL and must have no ‘Disqualifying Relationships’. In this regard, the Board follows the requirements of the NZX
Listing Rules (and NZX guidance on the application of those requirements). Information on each director can be
found at http://www.solutiondynamics.com/our-team/. Director’s interests are disclosed in Note 29 of the 2020
Annual Report.

The Company encourages all Directors to undertake appropriate training and education so that they may best
perform their duties. This includes attending presentations on changes in governance, legal and regulatory
frameworks; attending technical and professional development courses. ln addition, Directors can receive updates
on relevant industry and Company issues, and briefings from key executives.

The Board aims to regularly consider individual and collective performance, together with the skillsets, training and
development and succession planning required to govern the Group’s business.

Diversity
SDL is committed to a culture that actively supports diversity and inclusiveness and prevents or eliminates
discrimination in any form. As such, SDL firmly believes that diversity and inclusiveness enables SDL to better
respond to the ever changing environment in which we operate and better serve the diverse customer and
stakeholder base to which we are accountable to.




                                                                                                                        | 59 |
         Statement of Corporate Governance CONTINUED


         The concept of diversity includes (but is not limited to) concepts of gender, race, ethnicity and cultural background
         as well as physical capability, age, sexual orientation, and religious or political beliefs.

         SDL does not have formal diversity policy. Instead, SDL’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics notes that SDL
         values diversity and has a workforce consisting of many individuals with diverse skills, values, backgrounds,
         ethnicity and experience. We attract and retain a diverse workforce and this diversity brings a range of ideals,
         skills and innovation to SDL, which assists in achieving our objectives. At the date of this report, the Board is yet
         to consider whether it requires management to provide regular reporting and monitoring on diversity within SDL’s
         workforce.

         As at 30 June 2020, the gender balance of SDL’s directors and people was as follows:
                                                                                         30 June 2020           30 June 2019

         Directors
         Females                                                                                        1                    1
         Males                                                                                          5                    5

         Management Team
         Females                                                                                         -                       -
         Males                                                                                          7                    9

         All Employees
         Females                                                                                        34                  32
         Males                                                                                          50                  53

         The Management team is defined as being the Chief Executive Officer and senior leaders with reporting lines direct
         to the Chief Executive Officer.

         Board Meetings and Attendance
         The Board has 11 scheduled meetings a year.

         During the period 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020 attendance at Board and Committee meetings was:
                         Board Meetings (1) Audit & Risk
                        		Management (2)
                                                                                      Held    Attended       Held    Attended

         John McMahon (Chairman)                                                       11               11     3             2
         Julian Beavis                                                                 11               10    n/a           n/a
         Nelson Siva (CEO)                                                             11               11    n/a           n/a
         Elmar Toime                                                                   11               11    n/a           n/a
         Andy Preece (appointed 2 May 2019)                                            11               11     3             3
         Lee Eglinton (appointed 29 May 2019)                                          11               10     3             2
         (1)
               John McMahon is the board chairman
         (2)
               Andy Preece is the chairman of the audit & risk management committee




| 60 |
PRINCIPLE 3 - COMMITTEES
The Board should use committees where this will enhance its effectiveness in key areas, while still retaining Board
responsibility.

The Board has constituted one standing Committee being the Audit and Risk Committee. Due to the size of the
Board, matters normally dealt with by remuneration and the nominations committees are dealt with by the full
Board.

Committees allow issues requiring detailed consideration to be dealt with separately by members of the Board with
specialist knowledge and experience, thereby enhancing the efficiency and effectiveness of the Board. However,
the Board retains ultimate responsibility for the functions of its Committees and determines their responsibilities.

The Audit and Risk Committee meets as required and has terms of reference (a Charter). A copy of the Audit and
Risk Committee Charter can be found at: http://www.solutiondynamics.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/
Audit_Risk_Charter.pdf.

Minutes of each Committee meeting are forwarded to all members of the Board. The Audit and Risk Committee is
empowered to seek any information it requires from employees in pursuing its duties and to obtain independent
legal or other professional advice.

The membership and performance of the Committee is reviewed annually.

From time to time, special purpose committees may be formed to review and monitor specific projects with senior
management.

As the Board believes that matters of remuneration and nominations are the responsibility of the entire Board, SDL
does not consider it necessary to comply with recommendations 3.3 and 3.11 of the NZX Corporate Governance
Code and accordingly does not have a separate remuneration committee or nomination committee.

The Board will continue to monitor best practice in the governance area and update SDL’s policies to ensure it
maintains the most appropriate standards.

Audit and Risk Committee
The role of the Audit and Risk Committee is to assist the Board in carrying out its responsibilities under the
Companies Act 1993 and the Financial Reporting Act 2013 regarding accountancy practices, policies and controls
relative to the Company’s financial position and make appropriate enquiry into the audits of the Company’s
financial statements. This responsibility includes providing the Board with additional assurance about the quality
and reliability of the financial information issued publicly by the Company. All matters required to be addressed and
for which the Committee has responsibility were addressed during the 2020 financial year.

A written charter outlines the Audit and Risk Committee’s delegated authority, duties, responsibilities and
relationship with the Board. The Charter is available on the Company’s website at: http://www.solutiondynamics.
com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/Audit_Risk_Charter.pdf

The Committee must be comprised solely of Directors of SDL, have a minimum of three members, two of whom
have a majority of independent Directors and have at least one director with an accounting or financial background.
The makeup of the current members of the Committee complies with this recommendation. The chair of the
Committee cannot be Chair of the Board.

Members as at 30 June 2020 were Andy Preece (Chairman), Lee Eglinton and John McMahon. It met three times
during the financial year.




                                                                                                                        | 61 |
         Statement of Corporate Governance CONTINUED


         Management and employees may only attend meetings at the invitation of the committee and the Committee
         routinely has Committee only time with the external and internal auditors without management present.

         Takeovers
         The Board has yet to establish protocols or procedures to be followed in the event of a takeover. Nonetheless, the
         Board understands that any such protocols or procedures would involve SDL forming an independent takeover
         committee to oversee disclosure and response and engage expert legal and financial advisors to provide advice on
         procedural matters affecting any such takeover.


         PRINCIPLE 4 –REPORTING & DISCLOSURE
         The Board should demand integrity in financial and non-financial reporting, and in the timeliness and balance of
         corporate disclosures.

         The Board is committed to keeping shareholders and the market informed of all material information about the
         Company and its performance and ensure compliance with legislative requirements and those of the NZX Listing
         Rules.

         The release of material information is guided by the NZX Listing Rules (and the Listing Rules guidance provided by
         NZX).

         In addition to all information required by law, SDL also seeks to provide sufficient meaningful information to ensure
         stakeholders and investors are well informed, including financial and non-financial information.

         Financial Statements
         It is the Directors’ responsibility to ensure preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view of the
         financial position of the Group as at the end of the financial year and the results of operations and cash flows for
         the year. The external auditors are responsible for expressing an independent opinion on the financial statements.

         The consolidated financial statements set out in this report have been prepared by management in accordance with
         generally accepted accounting practice in New Zealand. They are based on appropriate accounting policies which
         have been consistently applied and which are supported by reasonable judgements and estimates.

         For the financial year ended 30 June 2020, the directors believe that proper accounting records have been kept
         which enable, with reasonable accuracy, the determination of the financial position of SDL and the Group and
         facilitate compliance of the financial statements with the Companies Act 1993 and the Financial Reporting Act
         2013.

         After reviewing internal management financial reports and budgets the Directors believe that the Group will
         continue to be a going concern in the foreseeable future. For this reason, they continue to adopt the going concern
         basis in preparing the financial statements.

         The Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer have confirmed in writing to the Board that SDL’s external financial
         reports present a true and fair view in all material aspects.

         SDL’s full and half year financial statements are available on the Company/s website at: http://www.
         solutiondynamics.com/investor-centre/




| 62 |
Non-financial information
The Board recognises the importance of non-financial disclosure. Given SDL’s size the Board has elected not
to comply with recommendation 4.3 of the NZX Corporate Governance Code and has not adopted a formal
environmental, social and governance (ESG) framework.

SDL discusses its strategic objectives and its progress against these in the Management Discussion and Analysis
section of this annual report and at the Annual Meeting.

SDL is committed to using its resources responsibly and is actively working with its supply chain partners to look
for opportunities to reduce any negative environmental risk or impact from its business operations, products and
services.

The Board encourages diversity and will not knowingly allow SDL to participate in business activities where SDL
could be complicit in human rights and labour standard abuses.


PRINCIPLE 5 –REMUNERATION
The remuneration of Directors and management should be transparent, fair and reasonable.

The Board promotes the alignment of the interests of the directors, the Chief Executive Officer and management
with the long-term interests of shareholders. Remuneration policies and structure are reviewed regularly to ensure
remuneration of management and directors is fair and reasonable in a competitive market for the skills, knowledge
and experience required by the Company.

The Board recognises that it is desirable that management (including that for any executive Director) remuneration
should include an element dependent upon the performance of both the Group and the individual, and should be
clearly differentiated from non-executive Director remuneration.

Details of Directors and management remuneration and entitlements for the 2020 financial year are set out in Note
29 of the annual report.

SDL does not have a Remuneration Committee and matters relating to remuneration are dealt with by the full
Board.

Directors’ Remuneration
The total remuneration pool available for Directors is fixed by shareholders. The Board determines the level of
remuneration paid to Directors from the approved collective pool. Directors also receive reimbursement for
reasonable travelling, accommodation and other expenses incurred in the course of performing their duties.

Directors are paid on a per director rate as follows,

Position		Approved Remuneration
Chairman		$60,000
Non-executive Director		                                                                                    $40,000
Audit & Risk Committee Chair		                                                                               $7,500
Hourly rates for abnormal/particularly time intensive
projects or transactions outside the scope of typical board work		                                     $250 /hour

Directors’ remuneration during the year is disclosed in Note 29 of the Notes to the Financial Statements.




                                                                                                                      | 63 |
         Statement of Corporate Governance CONTINUED


         Executives’ Remuneration
         Executive remuneration consists of a fixed base salary, incentives and a Share Option Plan. Incentives are paid
         against targets agreed with members of the management team at the commencement of the year and are based on
         earnings and sales targets.

         Executives’ remuneration greater than $100,000 per annum received in their capacity as employees during the year
         is disclosed in Note 23 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

         Details of the SDL Share Option Plan are detailed in Note 30 to the 2020 Financial Statements.

         Chief Executive Officer Remuneration
         The review and approval of the Chief Executive Officer’s remuneration is the responsibility of the Board.

         The Chief Executive Officer’s remuneration comprises a fixed base salary and bonus paid annually.

         The CEO’s remuneration can be summarised as follows:

         Description		(000’s)
         Base salary		                                                                                                      247
         Incentive based on earnings performance (1)		                                                                      185
         Total on target earnings		                                                                                         432
         (1)
               This is paid annually in arrears based on Company earnings


         PRINCIPLE 6 –RISK MANAGEMENT
         Directors should have a sound understanding of the material risks faced by the issuer and how to manage them. The
         Board should regularly verify that the issuer has appropriate processes that identify and manage potential and material
         risks.

         SDL is committed to proactively managing risk. Whilst risk management, and the Group’s system of internal
         controls, is the responsibility of the entire Board, the Audit and Risk Committee assists the Board and provides
         additional oversight with regard to the risk management framework and monitoring compliance with that
         framework.

         The Board monitors the operational and financial aspects of the Group and considers recommendations from
         external auditors and advisors on the risks that the Group faces.

         The Board ensures that recommendations made are assessed and appropriate action is taken where necessary to
         ensure risks are managed appropriately.

         The Board’s approach to risk management is incorporated into the Audit and Risk Committee Charter, which can be
         found at: http://www.solutiondynamics.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/Audit_Risk_Charter.pdf

         The Board delegates day-to-day management of the risk to the Chief Executive Officer. SDL’s management team
         is required to regularly identify the major risks affecting SDL’s business and develop structures, practices and
         processes to manage and monitor these risks.

         It is the responsibility of the Directors to ensure adequate accounting records are kept. Directors are also
         responsible for the Group’s system of internal financial controls.

         Internal financial controls have been implemented to minimize the possibility of material misstatement. They can
         provide only reasonable assurance and not absolute assurance against material misstatements or loss.

         No major breakdowns of internal controls were identified during the year.




| 64 |
The Board is satisfied that SDL has in place a risk management process to effectively identify, manage and monitor
SDL’s principal risks.

SDL also maintains insurance policies that it considers adequate to meet its insurable risks.

Key financial and non-financial risks are included in Note 28 to the financial statements.

Health and Safety
The Board recognises that effective management of health and safety is essential for the operation of a successful
business, and its intent is to prevent harm and promote wellbeing for SDL’s employees and contractors. The Board
is responsible for ensuring that the systems used to identify and manage health and safety risks are fit for purpose,
being effectively implemented, regularly reviewed and continuously improved.

SDL has a Health and Safety Charter which is monitored by the management team. Health and Safety reports,
including incident reports, for SDL’s business are included in the compliance section of the Board papers.


PRINCIPLE 7 –AUDITORS
The Board should ensure the quality and independence of the external audit process.

The Board’s approach to the appointment and oversight of the external auditor are outlined in SDL’s Audit and Risk
Committee Charter, which can be found at: http://www.solutiondynamics.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/
Audit_Risk_Charter.pdf. Amongst other things, the Charter is designed to ensure that audit independence is
maintained, both in fact and appearance, so that SDL’s external financial reporting is viewed as being highly reliable
and credible.

The Audit and Risk Committee provides additional oversight of the external auditor reviews the quality and cost
of the audit undertaken by SDL’s external auditors and provides a formal channel of communication between the
Board, the management team and the external auditors. The Committee also assesses the auditor’s independence
on an annual basis. These requirements are detailed in the Audit and Risk Committee Charter.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2020, Grant Thornton continued in their appointment as the external auditor
for SDL. Grant Thornton has occupied that role since 2009. The last audit partner rotation was in 2016.

All audit work at SDL is fully separated from any non-audit services, to ensure that appropriate independence is
maintained. The amount of fees paid to Grant Thornton for audit and other services is identified in Note 6 of this
annual report.

Grant Thornton has provided the Board with written confirmation that, in their view, they were able to operate
independently during the financial year.

Grant Thornton attends the Annual Meeting, and the lead audit partner is available to answer questions from
shareholders at that meeting. In this capacity, Grant Thornton attended the 2019 annual meeting.

SDL has a number of internal controls overseen by Audit and Risk Committee, including controls for computerised
information system, security, business continuity management, insurance, health and safety, conflicts of interest,
and prevention and identification of fraud. SDL does not have a dedicated Group internal auditor role.




                                                                                                                         | 65 |
         Statement of Corporate Governance CONTINUED


         PRINCIPLE 8 – SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS & RELATIONS
         The Board should respect the rights of shareholders and foster constructive relationships with shareholders that
         encourage them to engage with the issuer.

         The Board is committed to open dialogue and to facilitating engagement with shareholders.

         SDL has a calendar of communications for shareholders, including but not limited to:

         •   Annual and Half-Yearly Reports
         •   Market announcements
         •   Annual Meeting
         •   Access to information through the SDL website www.solutiondynamics.com

         SDL Company maintains a comprehensive website which provides access to key corporate governance documents,
         copies of all major announcements and Company reports.

         Shareholders are encouraged to attend the Annual Meeting and may raise matters for discussion at the meeting. In
         accordance with NZX Corporate Governance Code, the Board ensured that the notice of the Annual Meeting was
         posted to SDL’s website as soon as possible and at least 28 days prior to the meeting.

         Shareholders have the ultimate control in corporate governance by voting Directors on or off the Board. Voting is
         by poll, upholding the ‘one share, one vote’ philosophy.

         In accordance with the Companies Act 1993, SDL’s constitution and the NZX Listing Rules, SDL refers major
         decisions which may change the nature of SDL’s business to shareholders for approval.

         All shareholders are given the option to elect to receive electronic communications from SDL. In addition to
         shareholders, SDL has a wide range of stakeholders and maintains open channels of communication for all
         audiences, including shareholders, brokers and the investing community, as well as our staff, suppliers and
         customers.




| 66 |
Company Directory
Nature of Business                                 Registered Office and address for service
Data management, electronic digital printing,      18 Canaveral Drive
document distribution, web presentment and         Albany
archiving, fulfilment, print services, scanning,   AUCKLAND
data entry and document management.                PO Box 301248
                                                   Albany
Directors                                          AUCKLAND 0752
John McMahon – Non-independent Chairman            Tel: +64 (9) 970-7700
Elmar Toime -Independent
Julian Beavis - Independent                        Solution Dynamics (International) Limited
Andy Preece - Independent                          Lancaster Court, 8 Barnes Wallis Road,
Lee Eglinton - Independent                         Fareham, PO15 5TU
Indrajit Nelson Sivasubramaniam (Nelson Siva)      Hampshire
– Chief Executive Officer                          UNITED KINGDOM
                                                   Tel: +44 1489 668219
Auditors
Grant Thornton New Zealand Audit Partnership       Solution Dynamics Incorporated
Grant Thornton House                               260 Madison Avenue, 8th floor
152 Fanshawe Street                                New York, New York 10016
AUCKLAND                                           UNITED STATES of AMERICA
                                                   Tel: +1 (917) 319 5625
Bankers
ANZ National Bank Limited                          Déjar International Limited
Level 20, ANZ Centre                               18 Canaveral Drive
23 - 29 Albert Street                              Albany
AUCKLAND                                           AUCKLAND
                                                   PO Box 301248
Legal Representative                               Albany
Stephen Layburn                                    AUCKLAND 0752
Commercial Barrister                               Tel: +64 (9) 970-7700
Level 3, 175 Queen Street
AUCKLAND

Share Registry
Computershare Investor Services
Level 2, 159 Hurstmere Rd
Takapuna
AUCKLAND
Private Bag 92119
Auckland Mail Centre
AUCKLAND 1142




                                                                                               | 67 |
New Zealand  United Kingdom  United States of America


                                 Head Office:
       18 - 24 Canaveral Drive, Rosedale, Auckland 0632, New Zealand
     Phone +64 9 970 7700 | PO Box 301248, Albany 0752, New Zealand
          info@solutiondynamics.com | www.solutiondynamics.com
