CONTENTS
2     Corporate Information

4     Financial Highlights

5     Corporate Profile

7     Chairman’s Statement

9     Management Discussion and Analysis

33    Directors and Senior Management

42    Directors’ Report

60    Corporate Governance Report

80    Independent Auditor’s Report

86    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other
        Comprehensive Income

87    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

88    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

89    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

90    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

140   Four-Year Financial Summary

141   Definitions
    CORPORATE INFORMATION


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS
    Executive directors               Dr. Chen Haoyang (Chairman) (Appointed as the Chairman with effect from
                                        September 26, 2025)
                                      Mr. Zhao Yongkai (Resigned as the Chairman with effect from September
                                        26, 2025)
                                      Ms. Xu Xu
                                      Mr. Lu Jizhong
                                      Mr. Feng Yu


Independent non-executive directors   Mr. Chan Hok Leung
                                      Ms. Liu Shuang
                                      Dr. Guo Wei


AUDIT COMMITTEE                       Mr. Chan Hok Leung (chairman of the committee)
                                      Dr. Guo Wei
                                      Ms. Liu Shuang


REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                Ms. Liu Shuang (chairlady of the committee)
                                      Mr. Zhao Yongkai (Resigned with effect from September 26, 2025)
                                      Dr. Chen Haoyang (Appointed with effect from September 26, 2025)
                                      Mr. Chan Hok Leung


NOMINATION COMMITTEE                  Mr. Zhao Yongkai (Resigned with effect from September 26, 2025)
                                      Dr. Chen Haoyang (chairman of the committee) (Appointed with effect from
                                        September 26, 2025)
                                      Mr. Chan Hok Leung
                                      Ms. Liu Shuang


JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES             Mr. Fan Kunkun (Resigned with effect from October 14, 2025)
                                      Mr. Yao Le (Appointed with effect from October 14, 2025)
                                      Ms. Chan Sze Ting (Resigned with effect from October 14, 2025)
                                      Ms. Fong Christine Haiman (Appointed with effect from October 14, 2025)


    AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES        Mr. Zhao Yongkai
                                      Ms. Chan Sze Ting (Resigned with effect from October 14, 2025)
                                      Ms. Fong Christine Haiman (方希琳) (Appointed with effect from October 14,
                                        2025)


    HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISOR           Han Kun Law Offices LLP
                                      Rooms 4301–10, 43/F
                                      Gloucester Tower, The Landmark
                                      15 Queen’s Road Central
                                      Hong Kong




2      Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                                CORPORATE INFORMATION




AUDITOR                          KPMG
                                 Certified Public Accountants
                                 Public Interest Entity Auditor registered
                                 in accordance with the Accounting and
                                 Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
                                 8th Floor, Prince’s Building
                                 10 Chater Road
                                 Central
                                 Hong Kong


COMPLIANCE ADVISOR               Caitong International Capital Co., Limited
                                 Unit 2401–05
                                 24/F, Grand Millennium Plaza
                                 181 Queen’s Road Central
                                 Hong Kong


HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR        Tricor Investor Services Limited
                                 17/F, Far East Finance Centre
                                 16 Harcourt Road
                                 Hong Kong


REGISTERED OFFICE IN CAYMAN      Osiris International Cayman Limited
 ISLANDS                         Suite #4–210, Governors Square
                                 23 Lime Tree Bay Avenue
                                 PO Box 32311
                                 Grand Cayman KY1-1209
                                 Cayman Islands


CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS           Room 2401
                                 Mingfeng Tower Office Building
                                 No. 16 Lize Road
                                 Fengtai District, Beijing
                                 PRC


PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN   Room 1919, 19/F
 HONG KONG                       Lee Garden One
                                 33 Hysan Avenue
                                 Causeway Bay
                                 Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL BANKS                  Bank of China, Tianjin Dagang Branch
                                 China Merchants Bank, Beijing Lize Financial Business District Branch


COMPANY’S WEBSITE                www.bayzedhealthcare.com


STOCK CODE                       2609

                                                                                       2025 Annual Report   3
    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


    •      Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025 amounted to approximately RMB1,119.8 million, representing a
           decrease of approximately 5.8% as compared with the year ended December 31, 2024.


    •      Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2025 amounted to approximately RMB190.8 million, representing a
           decrease of approximately 8.4% as compared with the year ended December 31, 2024.


    •      Loss for the year ended December 31, 2025 amounted to approximately RMB8.7 million, representing an increase
           of approximately 141.7% as compared with the year ended December 31, 2024.


    •      Adjusted profit for the year ended December 31, 2025 amounted to approximately RMB17.9 million, representing
           an increase of approximately 43.2% as compared with the year ended December 31, 2024.


    •      Net cash flows from operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2025 amounted to approximately
           RMB222.3 million, representing an increase of approximately 31.9% as compared with the year ended December
           31, 2024.


    •      Cash and cash equivalents for the year ended December 31, 2025 amounted to approximately RMB616.0 million,
           representing an increase of approximately 109.4% compared with the year ended December 31, 2024.


    •      Gearing ratio decreased from approximately 46.9% for the year ended December 31, 2024 to approximately
           36.6% for the year ended December 31, 2025.


    To supplement the financial information presented in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards, we use non-IFRS
    measures, namely adjusted EBITDA (a non-IFRS measure) and adjusted net profit (a non-IFRS measure), as additional
    financial measures, which are not required by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS Accounting Standards. We
    believe that these non-IFRS measures facilitate comparisons of operating performance across different years and
    between companies by eliminating the potential impact of certain items. We believe that these measures provide useful
    information to investors and others, enabling them to understand and evaluate our consolidated operating results in the
    same manner as our management. However, the adjusted EBITDA (a non-IFRS measure) and adjusted net profit (a non-
    IFRS measure) we present may not be comparable to similarly titled financial measures presented by other companies.
    Non-IFRS measures have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation or as a substitute for
    analysis of our operating results or financial condition as reported under IFRS Accounting Standards.




4       Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                                              CORPORATE PROFILE


Bayzed Health Group Inc. (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”; Stock Code: 02609.HK) is a
Chinese medical group engaged in the investment and provision of oncology-related medical services. The Group focuses
on providing cancer patients with oncology diagnosis, multi-modal cancer treatment, and cancer rehabilitation services.
It also offers early cancer screening, tumor vaccination, comprehensive cancer risk assessment, and health management
services to potential high-risk cancer populations including family members of cancer patients, as well as other healthy
individuals.


Through the acquisition of equity and management rights, the Group has successively operated and managed eight
hospitals in Beijing, Tianjin, Anhui, Shanxi, and Henan. The Group continuously invests resources in these hospitals to
establish early cancer screening centers and cancer rehabilitation centers, cultivate oncology talents, and introduce
advanced medical equipment, thereby enhancing the competitiveness of oncology-related disciplines and market
influence of these hospitals, while improving patient service quality.


The Group’s core growth driver stems from a highly replicable and implementable standardized operational system. Based
on its proprietary standardized operational management manual, the Group implements comprehensive and refined
standardized control over more than 400 service touchpoints across all of its campuses. The “Five Major Prescriptions
for Cancer Rehabilitation” and related clinical pathway standards are precisely integrated into the Group-wide Hospital
Information System (HIS). This tool-based and standardized control model effectively ensures high consistency across
different regions and hospital tiers in critical links such as medical order issuance, clinical assessment, and rehabilitation
execution. This establishes a solid management foundation for the Group’s cross-regional large-scale expansion, achieving
an organic integration of standardized control and personalized services, while ensuring the stability and professionalism
of service quality.


The Group adheres to oncology discipline development as its core driving force, pursuing a differentiated development
path. It has innovatively constructed a “Full-Cycle Eight-Ring Model” encompassing “Prevention, Screening, Diagnosis,
Treatment, Rehabilitation” and “Management, Connection, Companionship,” successfully achieving a strategic
transformation from single cancer treatment to full life-cycle health management. In core clinical areas such as cancer
pain management, oncology nutrition, and targeted radiotherapy, the Group has made steady progress in rolling out
technical standards, fortifying a strong defense line for diagnostic and treatment quality. Simultaneously, through the
registration of data assets such as “Oncology Imaging,” the Group further leverages digital means to accumulate high-
quality clinical data, continuously enhancing the precision and standardization of medical services, thereby empowering
the high-quality development of the Group’s healthcare services.


To address the industry pain point featuring the concentration of premium medical resources in core cities, the Group has
meticulously constructed a vertical expert collaboration network. Leveraging long-term strategic partnerships with leading
domestic medical institutions in Beijing, Shanghai, and other cities, the Group has established a multidisciplinary team
(MDT) system and remote collaboration platform covering all campuses. Through efficient coordination mechanisms such
as remote consultations and two-way referrals, the Group precisely channels premium expert resources and advanced
clinical standards from core cities to county-level and grassroots facilities. This significantly enhances the accessibility of
oncology medical services at the grassroots level while effectively strengthening the Group’s market penetration and core
competitive barriers in lower-tier markets, consolidating its leading position in regional markets.




                                                                                                      2025 Annual Report          5
    CORPORATE PROFILE



    In response to the growing demand for oncology services against the backdrop of an aging population, the Group will
    continue to deepen its focus on the core oncology healthcare sector, fully constructing an integrated closed-loop service
    ecosystem of “in-hospital + out-of-hospital” care. Leveraging its AI-ready technology infrastructure and green channels
    at physical hospitals, the Group proactively breaks down the physical walls of hospitals, genuinely assuming long-term
    clinical-grade management responsibility for patients’ out-of-hospital health processes. The Group continuously optimizes
    customer service experience and focuses on cultivating a second growth curve for performance, being committed to
    creating long-term, stable, and sustainable investment value for shareholders and all stakeholders, fulfilling its corporate
    mission of safeguarding public oncology health, and promoting the standardized and high-quality development of China’s
    oncology healthcare industry.




6      Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                                 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Dear Shareholders,


On behalf of the Board of Directors of the Company, I am delighted to present our annual report of the Group for the
year ended December 31, 2025. I would like to review our achievements in 2025 and share our outlook for the future.


Steadfast in our mission, we advance toward the light. The year 2025 marks a pivotal milestone in our Group’s
journey of growth. On June 23, 2025, our shares were officially listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange, signifying our successful step onto the international capital market stage and opening a new chapter of high-
quality development. In the face of macroeconomic changes and deep-seated transformations in the medical industry, the
Group has remained true to the mission of “Respecting Life and Promoting the Broad Accessibility of High-quality Medical
Resources for the Benefit of the Public”, and has firmly advanced its strategic shift from “scale expansion” to “high-
quality value creation”. Through optimization of the business structure and digitally-empowered operations, we have
demonstrated strong operational resilience.


Only through intensive cultivation can one reap a worthy harvest. In the pursuit for high-quality growth, we have
lived up to every expectation and have delivered a highly valuable annual performance. In 2025, the Group recorded a
revenue of approximately RMB1,119.8 million. Even amid industry volatility, we achieved explosive profitability growth by
focusing on the core full-cycle cancer management pathway and we have worked with concerted efforts, dedication and
meticulousness: the Group’s adjusted net profit reached RMB17.94 million, a substantial increase of 43.2% compared
with 2024. More critically, our cash-generating capability reached a new high, with cash flow from operating activities
of RMB222.3 million, up by 31.9% year on year. As of the end of 2025, the Group held cash and cash equivalents of
about RMB616.0 million, a year-on-year increase of 109.4%; the gearing ratio declined markedly from 46.9% to 36.6%,
resulting in a more robust capital structure, providing ample funding assurance and a high safety margin for future
strategic deployment.


Excellence in medicine, dedication to professionalism, and the convergence of talent. The core competitiveness
of the healthcare industry is rooted in profound disciplinary foundations and manifested through the innovation and
transformation of service models. In 2025, the Group successfully implemented the eight-link closed-loop service system
including “Prevention, Screening, Diagnosis, Treatment, Rehabilitation, Management, Collaboration, and Support,”
systematically solving data and accountability gaps in traditional cancer care, and achieving a shift from simply treating
illness to becoming a long-term health partner. This established our leading position in the field of full-cycle medical
services. At the same time, we continued to strengthen our talent pipeline. By the end of 2025, the Group employed 2,561
medical professionals, with associate-chief and chief physicians accounting for 38% of the total – the professional depth
of our talent pipeline has become the cornerstone supporting healthcare quality. In the same year, we spearheaded the
publication of the “Expert Consensus on Cancer Rehabilitation (2025),” which established our standard definitions in the
rehabilitation field and further consolidated our first-mover advantage in academic leadership.


Digital-Intelligent transformation to chart a new chapter. Digital-intelligent transformation has become the
underlying logic and core engine by which Company achieves value reconstruction and pursues high-quality development.
We continue to build a solid “AI-ready” digital foundation and work hard on data value exploration. By integrating core
data resources across the value chain, we successfully registered two data assets, i.e., “Lung Cancer Diagnosis Analytics”
and “Tumor Imaging”, marking that our digital capabilities are translating into measurable asset premium. Driven by dual
engines of standardized management system and intelligent information system, the Group is steadily pursuing light-asset
replication of brand and core capabilities through management outsourcing and entrusted partnerships, accelerating the
move from regional leadership to national benchmark status.



                                                                                                  2025 Annual Report         7
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



    A new journey begins and steadfast action reaches far. Looking ahead to 2026, this year will be the foundation-
    laying year for the Group’s “155 Strategy.” Facing the critical opportunity presented by China’s aging population and
    the advancement of cancer prevention and control, we will continue to deepen full-cycle cancer management, focusing
    on capability refinement and technology empowerment. Bayzed Health Group will always uphold the balance between
    the medical essence and humanistic care, drive mode innovation and technological change, and continually enhance
    core competitiveness, fully enjoying the “compounding effect of time” and delivering sustainable, long-term value to
    shareholders while providing customers with more dignified medical services.


    With our original aspiration, we fulfill our mission; with steadfast action, we honor our commitments; with craftsmanship
    and dedication, we reach for the future. We look forward to joining hands with all our shareholders as we embrace what
    lies ahead together.




                                                                                                  Dr. Chen Haoyang
                                                                                            Chairman and Executive Director
                                                                                                   March 31, 2026




8      Bayzed Health Group Inc
                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


BUSINESS REVIEW
Adhering to the mission of “respecting life and promoting the widespread availability of high-quality medical resources
for the benefit of the public”, the Group provides patients with high-quality medical services as a leading full-cycle
oncology healthcare group in the PRC, and screening, diagnosis, treatment and rehabilitation are core services provided
by the Group in its full-cycle oncology healthcare services system, including but not limited to oncology diagnosis for
patients, various kinds of oncology treatment, oncology rehabilitation and hospice care, as well as screening and early
detection of cancer, vaccination and health management services to other potential healthy people including family
members of oncology patients. The Group is dedicated to providing full-cycle oncology healthcare services to individuals
(i) who have been diagnosed with cancer; (ii) who present with average or high risks of cancer, such as those with cancer
incidents in their family history; and (iii) who have received oncology treatment including radical oncology treatment.


As of December 31, 2025, the Group operated and managed a network of eight hospitals in Beijing, Tianjin, Shanxi
Province, Anhui Province and Henan Province with focus on provision of full-cycle oncology healthcare services, through
its direct ownership in the equity interest in six private for-profit hospitals and management over two private not-for-profit
hospitals. With the continuous efforts, the market position and oncology service capabilities of the in-network hospitals of
the Group has been significantly enhanced.


For the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, revenue amounted to approximately RMB1,119.8 million, representing
a decrease of approximately 5.8% as compared to the same period in 2024. The Group’s gross profit amounted to
approximately RMB190.8 million, representing a decrease of approximately 8.4% as compared to the same period
in 2024. The Group’s net loss amounted to approximately RMB8.7 million and its adjusted net profit amounted to
approximately RMB17.9 million. The Group’s EBITDA amounted to approximately RMB117.8 million, and its adjusted
EBITDA amounted to approximately RMB144.4 million.


For the year ended December 31, 2025, net cash generated from operating activities amounted to RMB222.3 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of 31.9% and reaching a record high. The gearing ratio stood at 36.6%,
representing a decrease of 10.3% from the corresponding period of last year, reflecting continuous optimization of the
asset-liability structure.

Notes:


(1)      Adjusted net profit is calculated based on the loss for the period, excluding listing expenses;


(2)      EBITDA is calculated based on the loss for the period, excluding income tax expenses, depreciation of property, plant and
         equipment, amortization of intangible assets, depreciation of right-of-use assets, and net finance costs;


(3)      Adjusted EBITDA is calculated based on EBITDA, excluding listing expenses.




                                                                                                                 2025 Annual Report   9
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



 CORE OPERATING INDICATORS
 Self-owned Hospitals
 •       Revenue from the hospital business amounted to approximately RMB915 million, of which approximately RMB440
         million was related to oncology, accounting for approximately 48.1%;


 •       Total outpatient and emergency visits of 670,000;


 •       11,021 surgeries performed, of which 6,453 were level III and IV surgeries, representing a year-on-year increase of
         approximately 16.9%, while level III and IV surgeries accounted for approximately 58.6%, representing a year-on-
         year increase of approximately 20.5%.


 Managed Hospitals
 The managed hospitals recorded revenue of RMB361 million for the year ended December 31, 2025.


 •       5,420 surgeries performed at managed hospitals, of which 3,936 were level III and IV surgeries, while level III and
         IV surgeries accounted for approximately 72.6%, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 1.8%.


 DISCIPLINE DEVELOPMENT AND BUSINESS OPERATION
 1.      Industry Recognition and Clinical Breakthroughs
         During the Reporting Period, Taiyuan Peace Hospital under the Group, as the China Hospital Rehabilitation
         Medical Consortium Standing Director Unit (中國醫院康復醫學聯合體常務理事單位), jointly drafted the Expert
         Consensus on Cancer Rehabilitation (2025) (《腫瘤康複專家共識(2025)》) with Peking University Third Hospital
         and other institutions, which was officially published. The consensus establishes the assessment standards for
         oncology rehabilitation and the “five prescriptions (五大處方)” strategy. The Group has made milestone progress
         in the standardization of the oncology rehabilitation sector.


         In October 2025, Hefei Bayway Hospital was awarded the title of “Member Unit of the Lifestyle Medicine Alliance
         under the National Center for Cardiovascular Diseases (國家心血管病中心生活方式醫學聯盟會員單位).” This
         recognition signifies that the Group’s systematic expansion in preventive medicine has gained national-level
         endorsement.


         In addition, by the end of December, all the Group’s hospitals had completed the compilation of medical order
         lists and medical order dictionaries based on the five prescriptions for oncology rehabilitation. In addition, their
         integration into the HIS has promoted the comprehensive implementation of the five prescriptions for oncology
         rehabilitation across the Group.




10    Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



2.   Development of a Discipline-Based Ecosystem
     The Group remains committed to the oncology discipline as its core. We aim to drive the differentiated, high-
     quality development across our hospitals, forming a discipline-based ecosystem featuring cross-regional resource
     synergy:


     •      Western Beijing Cancer Hospital: Recognized as a group member of the China Anti-Cancer Association
            (CACA) (中國抗癌協會), the hospital has gained industry acknowledgment for its academic standing.
            Through the completion of its DSA suite and the introduction of an oncology nutrition team, the support
            system that integrates “treatment + nutrition” has been further improved. In addition, the successful
            implementation of its first intrathecal morphine pump implantation marks the formation of a technical
            closed loop in precision cancer pain management, strengthening the depth of its perioperative support
            capabilities.


     •      Taiyuan Peace Hospital: Leveraging the opportunity to establish itself as a Class-IIIA Rehabilitation Hospital,
            the hospital has comprehensively advanced its quality management system. During the Reporting Period,
            the AI Rehabilitation Center and the Second Rehabilitation Training Hall were officially put into operation,
            representing an intelligent upgrade of its rehabilitation capabilities. By hosting national-level academic
            conferences such as the Peace Rehabilitation International Forum (2025) (和平康復國際論壇(2025)), the
            hospital has effectively converted brand influence into academic appeal, solidifying its leading position in
            regional rehabilitation.


     •      Wuzhi Jimin Hospital: The hospital has established a medical consortium with the Department of
            Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine of the Chinese PLA General Hospital (301 Hospital) (解放軍總醫
            院(301醫院)) and the Chinese PLA 988 Hospital (解放軍第988醫院), thereby bringing in high-quality
            medical resources. On the technology front, the hospital has completed filings for national and provincial
            restricted technologies, including tumor ablation, while obtaining designation as a designated outpatient
            radiotherapy center. This marks its transformation from routine diagnosis and treatment to advanced
            oncology technologies. Meanwhile, through the “Oncology Disease Treatment Without Leaving the
            County” initiative and the commissioning of its DSA catheterization room, the hospital has significantly
            enhanced its technical penetration and patient acquisition capabilities in the county-level market.


     •      Hefei Bayway Hospital: Leveraging its large-scale hyperbaric oxygen chamber facility (with a capacity of 40
            berths), the hospital has strengthened its hardware advantages in critical care and functional rehabilitation.
            During the Reporting Period, the hospital formally initiated a strategic partnership with Ping An Property
            Insurance (平安產險), actively exploring a payment closed loop between medical services and commercial
            insurance, with patient mix optimization and profitability expansion through medical-insurance synergy as
            its ultimate goal.


     •      Tianjin Shishi Hospital: The hospital has added a clinical psychology specialty, signed a medical consortium
            agreement with the 983rd Hospital of the Joint Logistics Support Force (聯勤保障部隊第九八三醫院) of
            the Chinese PLA, and entered into a deep collaboration with the team of Professor Jia Yingjie (賈英傑), a
            nationally renowned traditional Chinese medicine practitioner. These initiatives further refine its integrated
            oncology diagnosis and treatment system combining traditional Chinese and Western medicine as well as
            physical and mental care.




                                                                                                  2025 Annual Report          11
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



        •       Tianjin Nankai Jixing Hospital: The hospital has introduced a color Doppler ultrasound diagnostic system
                and infrared polarized light therapy devices. Furthermore, leveraging a specialized department – the
                “Traditional Chinese Medicine Wellness Center (中醫養生堂)”, it has expanded the boundaries of
                diversified health management through self-pay TCM wellness programs.


        •       Huangshan Shoukang Hospital (under management): The hospital has successfully hosted the 8th
                Huangshan Forum on New Advances in General Surgery (第八屆普外領域新進展黃山論壇), further
                strengthening its academic brand presence in the field.


 TALENT TEAM DEVELOPMENT
 The Group regards talent as its core driver of development and continues to strengthen the construction of its
 medical workforce. Through the enhancement of a standardized training system and the “Double Eagle (雙鷹)” talent
 development program, the Group has established a well-structured medical team with exceptional technical expertise,
 while continuously recruiting high-caliber academic talent. At the organizational level, the Group has equipped its
 core specialists with dedicated support teams consisting of case managers, rehabilitation therapists and nutritionists,
 aiming to support clinical decision-making and improve the efficiency of medical outcomes. As of December 31, 2025,
 the Group had a total of 2,561 medical professionals, including 363 associate chief physicians and chief physicians,
 accounting for 38% of all physicians. Within the medical staff team, two physicians were promoted to senior professional
 rank, 16 physicians were promoted to associate-senior professional rank, and 33 physicians were promoted to mid-end
 professional rank.


 Zhang Hongshui (張紅水), as the vice president of business of Taiyuan Peace Hospital, was appointed as the vice chairman
 of the Cognitive Impairment Rehabilitation Professional Committee of the Shanxi Association of Rehabilitation Medicine
 (山西省康復醫學會認知障礙康復專業委員會), and Tan Hongyan (譚紅燕), as the director of the nursing department,
 was appointed as a standing member of the Rehabilitation Nursing Professional Committee of the Chinese Association
 of Rehabilitation Medicine (中國康復醫學會康復護理專業委員會); Liu Jianping (劉建平), as the director of the Pharmacy
 Department of Western Beijing Cancer Hospital (北京京西腫瘤醫院藥劑科), was appointed as the vice chairman of
 the Beijing Non-public Pharmacy Professional Committee (北京非公藥學專業委員會); Ding Jie (丁捷), as the director of
 the department of anesthesia, was awarded the title of Outstanding Anesthesia Quality Control Officer by the Beijing
 Anesthesia Quality Control and Improvement Center (北京市麻醉質量控制和改進中心); Sun Huayue (孫華悅), a nurse in
 the operating room, obtained a patent for invention from the Intellectual Property Office of the United Kingdom; Zhang
 Chi (張馳), as the director of the clinical laboratory, was appointed as a member of the Fengtai District Transfusion Quality
 Control Center (豐台區輸血質控中心); and Gu Feng (顧峰), as the executive vice president of Wuzhi Jimin Hospital, was
 appointed as the vice chairman of the Hospital Quality Control Management Committee of Jiaozuo Medical Association (焦
 作市醫院協會醫院質量控制管理委員會).


 SERVICE OPTIMIZATION AND QUALITY IMPROVEMENT
 During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to advance the standardization of service processes and the
 development of its quality management system, with focus on the two core areas – patient experience and medical
 quality – thereby driving steady improvements in service capabilities and operational efficiency across its hospitals.




12   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



1.   Standardized Services and Enhanced End-to-End Experience
     During the Reporting Period, the Group issued an updated Customer Service Standardization Manual, which maps
     out and standardizes over 400 service touchpoints covering the entire patient journey. The manual transitioned
     service management from an experience-driven approach to standardized process management. The Group also
     established a closed-loop mechanism spanning experience feedback, process optimization and effectiveness
     tracking. Meanwhile, it continuously refined service processes by engaging patients in the evaluation of key
     outpatient and inpatient procedures.


     Each hospital improved its patient pathways and service environment based on its specific operational context.
     Western Beijing Cancer Hospital launched the “Jingtong – WeChat Pay” mobile medical insurance settlement
     system and achieved full coverage of online prescription review. By adding blood collection windows,
     implementing a smart queuing system, and upgrading its LIS system, the hospital reduced average patient waiting
     time by approximately 30% compared to the previous period. Taiyuan Peace Hospital completed the renovation
     of its outpatient area, improved its wayfinding system, and implemented vehicle-pedestrian separation. Wuzhi
     Jimin Hospital launched a cloud imaging system, reducing patient report retrieval time from approximately two
     hours to less than one hour. Huangshan Shoukang Hospital introduced bedside settlement, shortening discharge
     processing time to approximately five minutes. Tianjin Nankai Jixing Hospital established an internet consultation
     room, expanding online consultation and e-prescription services for follow-up visits. Hefei Bayway Hospital set
     up a patient service center offering integrated services such as registration, payment, and medical insurance
     inquiries. Tianjin Shishi Hospital completed age-friendly renovations for 12 wards, enhancing inpatient safety and
     accessibility.


     The Group continued to monitor customer satisfaction and Net Promoter Score (NPS), and established a
     mechanism for tracking negative feedback. During the Reporting Period, over 13,000 patients and customers
     participated in evaluations, with overall satisfaction remaining at a high level. Notably, Western Beijing Cancer
     Hospital, Tianjin Shishi Hospital, and Taiyuan Peace Hospital received overall ratings of 4.8 or above on a 5-point
     scale, maintaining high satisfaction rates in indicators such as physician attitude and diagnostic and treatment
     skills.


2.   End-to-End Quality Control System and Risk Management
     The Group continues to enhance its medical quality management system, establishing a vertical management
     structure characterized by group-level coordination and hospital-level implementation, and has developed a quality
     control mechanism covering the pre-process, in-process, and post-process stages. During the Reporting Period, the
     Group further refined its quality control system based on the “one goal, three tiers, four networks” framework
     and incorporated the PDCA cycle into its routine quality management processes.


     During the Reporting Period, the Group launched a medical dispute reporting platform and established a 24-hour
     response mechanism for major adverse events at the group level, to improve the efficiency of risk identification
     and handling.




                                                                                                2025 Annual Report        13
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



        At the quality execution level, the Group conducted regular special-purpose quality inspections. During the
        Reporting Period, the Group performed monthly sample reviews of medical records for key departments such as
        oncology and rehabilitation. Training sessions were organized on standardized medical record documentation,
        with over 500 medical staff participating cumulatively. Each hospital also advanced quality management initiatives
        tailored to its specific operations, including Western Beijing Cancer Hospital, which revised its core medical quality
        policies; Tianjin Shishi Hospital, which optimized the operating mechanisms of its medical quality management
        committee; and Hefei Bayway Hospital, which established a multidisciplinary medical record quality control team
        and updated its insurance-specific clinical pathways.


        The Group also advanced the digitalization of quality management. During the Reporting Period, Huangshan
        Shoukang Hospital passed the National Electronic Medical Record Level 4 Review, enhancing its capabilities in
        structuring clinical data and monitoring quality. Wuzhi Jimin Hospital conducted cross-departmental disease-
        specific analyses, standardized the management of five ambulatory surgery disease categories, and launched an
        intelligent audit system, contributing to a year-on-year reduction of approximately 50% in suspected medical
        insurance irregularities.


 INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT
 During the Reporting Period, by advancing the development of its data middle platform, the Group strengthened its
 digital governance foundation and built an AI-ready infrastructure. Leveraging end-to-end data resources that integrate
 early screening, diagnosis, treatment, rehabilitation and follow up, an intelligent management system has been established
 to provide solid support for standardized operations and scientific decision-making.


 In terms of unlocking the value of data as a factor of production, the Group leveraged dedicated network connections
 to link its hospitals, breaking down data silos between systems and promoting the comprehensive integration of patient
 clinical data, post-discharge follow-up data, and operational management data. This effort gradually established a
 data governance system characterized by unified standards, standardized management, and clearly defined roles and
 responsibilities, resulting in the creation of two data assets: the “Lung Cancer Diagnosis and Treatment Analytical Data
 Asset” and the “Oncology Imaging Data Asset.” The successful registration of these assets, together with the listing
 of the related products, further enhanced the role of data as a factor of production in supporting medical innovation,
 operational improvement, and value creation.


 In the area of digital innovation, the Group continued to deepen the application of its data middle platform. Leveraging
 its self-developed reporting system, it monitored operations and dynamically tracked the performance of each hospital.
 By building a dynamic operational cost monitoring model, the Group monitored key indicators such as labor costs,
 equipment depreciation, and drug and consumable expenses in real time, with automated anomaly identification and
 root-cause analysis. Through the development of a quality control system, the Group strengthened dynamic monitoring of
 core indicators including medical safety and oncology diagnosis and treatment quality. Utilizing its patient management
 system and the WeChat platform, the Group achieved precise engagement with patients and early-screening clients,
 continuously enhancing end-to-end service efficiency and refined management capabilities.




14   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



ESG GOVERNANCE AND COMPLIANCE OPERATION
The Group has established a three tier ESG governance structure comprising board level decision making, management
level coordination, and task force level execution. It has formulated and implemented the ESG Management System,
defining the roles and responsibilities at each level to ensure that the principles of sustainability are deeply embedded
in both strategic decision making and day to day operations. The Board of Directors is responsible for approving ESG
strategies and major policies, while the ESG leadership team, headed by the Group’s president, oversees regulatory
tracking, risk assessment, indicator monitoring, and report preparation. The ESG working group, composed of the heads
of the Group’s hospitals and subsidiaries, is responsible for data collection, initiative implementation, and execution
monitoring. The Group has also established an ESG advisory committee, engaging external experts to provide professional
support and continuously enhance its governance system.


The Group has established a tiered training mechanism. ESG focused training sessions are organized for Directors, senior
management, and all employees. The training covers core issues such as business ethics, patient privacy protection,
occupational health and safety, and environmental protection, with the aim of raising ESG awareness and strengthening
the implementation capabilities of all staff. Following the materiality principle under the HKEX’s ESG Reporting Guide,
the Group conducted stakeholder surveys involving investors, patients, employees, and suppliers to identify 20 material
issues. These issues were reviewed by the Board of Directors to form a materiality matrix, with the following identified as
highly material: employee health and safety; service quality and safety; information security and privacy protection; anti
corruption; high quality patient services; employee development and training; and waste management. These areas are
prioritized in the Group’s management and disclosure efforts.


The Group remains firmly committed to integrity and compliance. It maintains a zero tolerance policy toward corruption,
bribery, fraud, and money laundering. In strict adherence to relevant laws and regulations, the Group has established
a comprehensive risk prevention and control system covering the entire procurement process, management of
pharmaceutical representatives, prevention of red envelopes and kickbacks, and integrity in practice, complemented by a
robust disciplinary mechanism and risk early warning system. During the Reporting Period, the Group had no records of
non-compliance relating to corruption, bribery, or money laundering.


Multiple reporting channels have been established, including hotlines, email, suggestion boxes, and hospital president
mailboxes, with strict mechanisms in place to ensure whistleblower confidentiality, protection against retaliation, and
independent investigation. In addition, the Group has built a comprehensive risk management framework spanning
the Board of Directors, the president’s office, and the audit and legal department, covering five major risk categories:
strategic, financial, market, operational, and compliance risks. Annual risk assessments, regular internal audits, and a
closed-loop corrective action process have further strengthened the “three lines of defense” for compliant operations,
ensuring sound governance and supporting the Group’s steady and sustainable development.




                                                                                                   2025 Annual Report         15
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND BRAND BUILDING
 The Group has embedded social responsibility into its development strategy, achieving simultaneous enhancement of
 brand influence and social recognition:


 1.      Deep Commitment to Public Welfare and Social Responsibility
         The Group’s hospitals have made targeted efforts in public welfare initiatives. Wuzhi Jimin Hospital collaborated
         with charitable organizations to provide assistance to financially disadvantaged cancer patients, and continued
         to organize public welfare activities such as the “Renowned Doctors Visit the Grassroots (名醫走基層)” initiative,
         Red Army physician free clinics, and voluntary blood donation drives. Western Beijing Cancer Hospital conducted
         community-based public welfare services, including the “Pink October (粉紅十月)” campaign and the Respect for
         the Elderly Month. Tianjin Shishi Hospital reached out to early childhood education groups and local communities,
         delivering health care through diverse free clinic activities. During the Reporting Period, a total of over 1,500
         volunteer service participations were recorded across the Group, and more than 400 health awareness lectures
         were conducted, effectively raising public health awareness.


 2.      Excellence in Academic Exchange and Ongoing Social Engagement
         Through participation in regional alliances and cross sector collaborations, the Group’s hospitals have facilitated
         the optimized allocation of medical resources and the standardization of industry practices. By hosting
         international and national academic conferences, Bayzed Health Group Inc has undergone a transformation from
         a healthcare service provider to an academic thought leader. We remain committed to advancing the integrated
         development of medical education, research, and clinical practice, driving innovation in clinical technologies
         through outstanding academic achievements, ultimately benefiting a broad base of patients.


         Hospitals under the Group, including Tianjin Shishi Hospital and Hefei Bayway Hospital, actively participated in
         relevant annual academic conferences. The latest research findings were translated into clinical practice to ensure
         that medical services remain at the forefront of the industry. Through the regional alliance platform of the Tianjin
         Anti Cancer Association (天津抗癌協會), the Group actively promoted the optimal allocation of medical resources,
         ensuring that frontline clinical practices remain aligned with the latest industry standards. The Group hosted the
         Annual Academic Conference of the Rehabilitation Psychology Professional Committee of the Chinese Association
         of Rehabilitation Medicine (中國康復醫學會康復心理學專業委員會學術年會). This conference focused on cutting
         edge advancements in rehabilitation psychology, with the goal of enhancing the professional competence of
         practitioners and advancing the holistic rehabilitation model. Taiyuan Peace Hospital organized a forum themed
         “Psychological, Physical, and Organ Synergy for Holistic Progress” – an international bridge for medical exchange
         – bringing together over 300 experts from both domestic and international institutions.


         We promote our community public welfare activities through digital channels (television, local media, WeChat
         official accounts, Douyin accounts, WeChat groups for chronic disease and other patients, as well as WeChat
         subscription accounts) and physical materials (hospital brochures, branded promotional materials, digital displays).
         We strive to expand our influence and encourage broader public participation in public welfare initiatives, and
         together to fulfill our social responsibilities.




16    Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



3.     Authoritative Recognition and Brand Strength
       Several of the Group’s hospitals achieved notable rankings in the “Medical Institutions Established by Social
       Capitals” evaluation conducted by Asclepius: Taiyuan Peace Hospital was ranked among the “Top 10
       Rehabilitation Hospitals.” Western Beijing Cancer Hospital was ranked among the “Top 15 Oncology Hospitals.”
       Huangshan Shoukang Hospital was once again named among the “Top 100 Single Hospitals.”


FUTURE OUTLOOK
Future Outlook: Deepening the Strategic Focus on Full-Cycle Oncology Management and Building
Sustainable Growth Engines
Looking ahead, the Group will continue to uphold its mission of “Respecting Life and Promoting the Broad Accessibility of
High-quality Medical Resources for the Benefit of the Public” and steadfastly advance its strategic positioning as a “value
re-architect of full cycle oncology management in China.” We are committed to achieve business transformation from a
traditional disease treatment model to a health management paradigm that covers the entire patient lifecycle. In light of
the major policy opportunities presented by an aging population, the continued rise in cancer incidence, and the national
policy of prioritizing early cancer prevention and control, the Group will focus on consolidating its foundations in fiscal
year 2026, concentrating on capacity building, system refinement, and technology enablement. Our goal is to lay a solid
foundation for the next phase of scalable replication and platform based upgrading.


I.     Strategic Direction: Building a Closed-Loop Service System Centered on the “Eight Links” of Prevention,
       Screening, Diagnosis, Treatment, Rehabilitation, Management, Connection, and Companionship

       The Group has established a full-cycle oncology service model centered on the “eight links” – prevention,
       screening, diagnosis, treatment, rehabilitation, management, connection, and companionship – systematically
       addressing the three major pain points in current oncology care: “data fragmentation, process discontinuity, and
       lack of care continuity.” This model not only aligns with the policy direction of establishing a precision prevention
       and control closed loop set forth in the national Five-Year Plan for Integrated Cancer Prevention and Control
       (2025–2030) (《全國腫瘤整合防治五年規劃(2025–2030)》), but also reflects the global trend of managing cancer
       as a chronic disease.


       Through this eight link model, the Group is achieving three major service transformations:


       1.     From “Treating Disease” to “Managing Disease”: Extending medical services beyond the hospital to
              provide proactive health interventions and continuous care management;


       2.     From “Managing Disease” to “Connecting People”: Leveraging the Internet of Things (IoT), wearable
              devices, and telemedicine platforms to break down the physical boundaries of medical institutions, creating
              a “borderless hospital” that is “invisible yet always accessible”;


       3.     From “Connecting People” to “Accompanying People”: Establishing lifelong health partnership
              relationships through patient communities, electronic health records, palliative care, and grief counseling,
              embodying respect for life and enduring companionship.




                                                                                                    2025 Annual Report        17
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



 II.           Execution Pathway: Concurrent Advancement of the “155 Strategy” and the “Dual-Engine” Model

               To ensure effective strategy implementation, the Group has formulated a clear “155 Strategy” implementation
               framework, supported by a “dual-engine” mechanism to ensure executional effectiveness.


               (1)    “155 Strategy”: A Five-Year Staged Development Blueprint


                      •      1 Core Goal: Taking “customer satisfaction” as the core performance indicator;


                      •      5 Reconfiguration Directions: Reconfiguration of model, experience, technology, evaluation, and
                             ecosystem;


                      •      5-Year Development Pathway: With 2026 as the strategic foundation year, focusing on
                             strengthening organizational, system, and standards foundations; entering export and regional
                             replication phase in 2027–2028; achieving national leadership and platform-based leapfrog
                             development in 2029–2030.


               (2)    “Dual-Engine” Model: Standardization and Digital Intelligence


                      •      Engine 1: Standardized Management System


                             The Group is fully implementing its Service Standardization Manual, which covers over 400 key
                             service touchpoints with detailed SOPs, encompassing clinical pathways, follow-up mechanisms,
                             emergency response, and cross-departmental coordination, ensuring consistent service quality,
                             manageable risks, and replicability.


                      •      Engine 2: Intelligent Information System


                             The Group continues to advance the development of an AI-ready infrastructure. It has completed
                             the software copyright registration for its data middle platform and achieved the confirmation
                             and listing of medical data assets. The system integrates data pathways across in-hospital systems
                             (HIS, EMR, LIS/PACS) and external IoT devices, initially establishing a “personal health digital twin”
                             to provide data support for AI-assisted decision-making, recurrence prediction, and personalized
                             interventions. This not only enhances current operational efficiency but also creates an operational
                             environment for the future large-scale application of AI agents in healthcare management, driving
                             the formation of a “human + AI” collaborative service model.


     III.      Business Model Evolution: A Structural Shift from “One-Time Treatment” to “Lifetime Value”

               The Group is actively advancing the diversification of its revenue structure, gradually reducing its reliance on
               traditional one-time medical service revenues and exploring more sustainable profit models.




18          Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



IV.    Financial and Capital Support: Strong Cash Flow to Sustain Long-Term Investment

       As of the end of 2025, the Group held cash and cash equivalents of approximately RMB616 million. The ample
       cash reserves provide a solid foundation for investments in digital infrastructure, service standardization, and talent
       acquisition. The Group adheres to a prudent and disciplined expansion strategy: prioritizing asset-light replication
       through management expertise, entrusted operations, and partnerships, while rigorously controlling investment
       risks to maximize capital efficiency.


CONCLUSION
In summary, the Group has moved beyond the traditional “scale expansion trap” prevalent in the private healthcare
sector and has shifted onto a new growth trajectory centered on value creation. Leveraging its physical network spanning
five provinces, a proven standardized operating system, industry-leading full-cycle service capabilities, and deepening
technology enablement, we are confident in achieving the transition from “regional leadership” to “national benchmark”
in the years ahead.


Although industry competition may intensify and uncertainties persist in the policy and reimbursement environment,
the Group will remain committed to the principle of balancing medical excellence with humanistic care, continuously
strengthening its core competitiveness. In doing so, we are committed to delivering more dignified medical services to our
clients and generating sustainable long-term value for our Shareholders and other stakeholders.


FINANCIAL REVIEW

REVENUE
During the Reporting Period, the Group generated the revenue mainly from (i) operating six private for-profit hospitals
the Group owned and providing healthcare services including full-cycle oncology healthcare services; (ii) managing and
operating, and receiving management fees from two private not-for-profit hospitals in the in-network hospitals; and (iii)
supply of pharmaceuticals, medical equipment and consumables. Given the nature of healthcare service market in the
PRC, the Group focuses on full-cycle oncology healthcare services as a core part of the Group’s business operations, and
the Group expects this trend to continue in the future.


The Group recorded revenue of RMB1,119.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, representing a decrease of
approximately 5.8% from RMB1,188.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily due to (i) a decrease of
RMB37.4 million in revenue from hospital operations; and (ii) a decrease of RMB21.6 million in revenue from the supply
of pharmaceutical products, medical equipment and consumables.




                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report          19
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



 The table below sets out the breakdown of the revenue for the periods indicated:


                                                                                 For the year ended December 31,
                                                                            2025                                       2024
                                                                   RMB’000                      %             RMB’000                     %

 Hospital business                                                   914,571                  81.7             951,985                  80.1
       Inpatient services                                            526,149                  47.0             544,428                  45.8
       Outpatient services                                           385,679                  34.4             400,737                  33.7
       Others    (1)
                                                                       2,743                   0.3               6,820                   0.6
 Hospital management business(2)                                      33,998                   3.0              39,567                   3.3
 Supply of pharmaceuticals, medical equipment
       and consumables                                               169,062                  15.1             190,686                  16.0
 Others    (3)
                                                                       2,218                   0.2               6,608                   0.6

 Total                                                             1,119,849                100.0            1,188,846                 100.0


 Notes:


 (1)        The revenue derived from others of the hospital business during the Reporting Period primarily refer to revenue from nucleic acid
            testing services and government-procured medical service income.


 (2)        The revenue derived from the hospital management business during the Reporting Period consisted of the management fee
            received from Huangshan Shoukang Hospital* (黃山首康醫院) and Taiyuan Wanbailin District Peace Community Health Service
            Center (太原市萬柏林區和平社區衛生服務中心).


 (3)        The revenue derived from others of the business during the Reporting Period primarily refer to revenue related to the provision
            of healthcare-related consultancy services, organizing and arranging experts to attend academic seminars and medical and
            healthcare related conferences held by the customers and provision of conference affairs, publicity and other related services.


 The revenue generated from the hospital business decreased by approximately 3.9% from RMB952.0 million for the year
 ended December 31, 2024 to RMB914.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2025.


 The revenue generated from the hospital management business decreased by approximately 14.1% from RMB39.6
 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 to RMB34.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, which was in
 line with the decrease in revenue from managed hospitals and community health service centers.


 The revenue generated from the supply of pharmaceuticals, medical equipment and consumables decreased by
 approximately 11.3% from RMB190.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 to RMB169.1 million for the year
 ended December 31, 2025, primarily due to the decrease in customer demand for medical equipment in 2025.


 The revenue generated from the others decreased by approximately 66.7% from RMB6.6 million for the year ended
 December 31, 2024 to RMB2.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, primarily due to the fact that large-scale
 industry forums and academic conferences were held during the year ended December 31, 2024, whereas no such events
 took place in the same period in 2025.




20      Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



COST OF SALES
The cost of sales primarily consists of cost of pharmaceuticals, cost of medical instruments, staff cost, depreciation and
amortization and others. Cost of sales of the Group decreased by approximately 5.3% from RMB980.6 million for the
year ended December 31, 2024 to RMB929.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2025.


GROSS PROFIT AND GROSS PROFIT MARGIN
The Group recorded a gross profit of RMB190.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, representing a decrease
from a gross profit of RMB208.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. Such decrease was primarily attributable
to gross profit from our hospital operations decreased in the same year.


                                                                    For the year ended December 31,
                                                                2025                                  2024
                                                                           Gross profit                      Gross profit
                                                     Gross profit              margin      Gross profit           margin
                                                        RMB’000                     %         RMB’000                   %

Hospital business                                        132,841                  14.5        144,879               15.2
Hospital management business                              24,076                  70.8          30,284              76.5
Supply of pharmaceuticals, medical equipment and
   consumables                                            33,299                  19.7          31,211              16.4
Others                                                       596                  26.9           1,823              27.6
Total                                                    190,812                  17.0        208,197               17.5


The gross profit of hospital business amounted to RMB132.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, representing
a gross profit margin of 14.5%, as compared to a gross profit of RMB144.9 million and a gross profit margin of 15.2%
for the year ended December 31, 2024 respectively.


The gross profit of hospital management business amounted to RMB24.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2025,
representing a gross profit margin of 70.8%, as compared to a gross profit of RMB30.3 million and a gross profit margin
of 76.5% for the year ended December 31, 2024 respectively. Such decrease was primarily due to the reduction in
revenue from our managed hospitals and community health service centers (particularly Huangshan Shoukang Hospital)
during the year, while the cost of sales of our hospital management business remained relatively stable.


The gross profit of supply of pharmaceuticals, medical equipment and consumables amounted to RMB33.3 million for the
year ended December 31, 2025, representing a gross profit margin of 19.7%, as compared to a gross profit of RMB31.2
million and a gross profit margin of 16.4% for the year ended December 31, 2024 respectively. The primary reasons
include improvements in procurement and supply chain management efficiency, optimization of sales channel structure,
and refinement of pricing strategies.




                                                                                                   2025 Annual Report       21
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



 OTHER NET INCOME
 Other net income is comprised of government grants, interest income, gains/losses on disposal of property, plant and
 equipment and intangible assets and others. Other net income of the Group increased by approximately 64.0% from
 RMB5.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 to RMB8.2 million the year ended December 31, 2025. Such
 increase was primarily due to the corresponding increase in interest income and net foreign exchange gain resulting from
 the rational coordination and efficient utilization of funds by the Group during the year.


 SELLING EXPENSES
 The selling expenses consist of marketing and promotion expenses, staff cost, office and travel expenses, depreciation and
 amortization and miscellaneous. The selling expenses decreased by approximately 9.3% from RMB11.8 million for the
 year ended December 31, 2024 to RMB10.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, primarily attributable to the
 reduction in corresponding marketing and promotional expenses, benefiting from the solid brand influence and favorable
 market reputation that the Group’s owned hospitals have established locally.


 GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES
 The general and administrative expenses consist of staff cost, depreciation and amortization, office and travel expenses,
 professional service fees, leasing and repair and maintenance expenses and others. The general and administrative
 expenses of the Group decreased by approximately 5.3% from RMB165.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2024
 to RMB157.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, primarily attributable to the Group’s effective reduction of
 non-core administrative expenses through optimization of manpower structure, enhancement of budget management
 and improvement in operational efficiency, thereby driving a steady decline in overall operating costs.


 IMPAIRMENT LOSS ON TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES
 The Group recorded impairment loss on trade and bills receivables of RMB0.5 million for the year ended December 31,
 2025, as compared to impairment loss on trade and bills receivables of RMB0.6 million for the year ended December 31,
 2024, which remained stable.


 FINANCE COSTS
 The finance costs comprise the interest on interest-bearing borrowings, interest on lease liabilities and others. The Group
 recorded financial costs of RMB21.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, as compared to financial costs of
 RMB21.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, which remained stable.


 INCOME TAX EXPENSE
 The income tax expense consists of current tax and deferred tax. The Group recorded income tax expense of RMB18.0
 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, as compared to income tax expense of RMB16.9 million for the year
 ended December 31, 2024.




22   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



LOSS FOR THE REPORTING PERIOD
As a result of the foregoing, the Group recorded a loss of RMB8.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, as
compared to a loss of RMB3.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2024.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Property, plant and equipment is comprised of leasehold improvement, medical equipment, office and other equipment,
buildings, motor vehicles and construction in process. Property, plant and equipment of the Group decreased by
approximately 4.4% from RMB364.0 million as of December 31, 2024 to RMB347.9 million as of December 31, 2025,
primarily due to the continuous depreciation of our property, plant and equipment.


RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
The right-of-use assets is comprised of land use right and property leased. The Group recorded right-of-use assets of
RMB184.9 million and RMB165.2 million as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2025, respectively. Such decrease
was primarily due to the continuous depreciation of right-of-use assets.


INTANGIBLE ASSETS
The intangible assets comprise of management contracts, medical licenses, software, good supply practice licenses
and cooperation relationship. The Group recorded the intangible assets of RMB236.4 million and RMB227.7 million as
of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2025, respectively. Such decrease was primarily due to the amortization of
existing intangible assets.


GOODWILL
The Group recorded carrying amount of goodwill of RMB643.0 million and RMB643.0 million as of December 31, 2024
and December 31, 2025, respectively.


Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s cash-generating units identified according to operation and operating segment as
follows:


                                                                                         2025                  2024
                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000

Western Beijing                                                                       323,465               323,465
Wuzhi Jimin Hospital                                                                  110,143               110,143
Anhui Shoukang Investment                                                              98,340                98,340
Hefei Bayway Hospital                                                                  62,925                62,925
Others                                                                                 48,176                48,176
                                                                                      643,049               643,049




                                                                                                2025 Annual Report      23
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



 The recoverable amounts of the cash-generating units were determined based on value in use calculations of the
 underlying assets with reference to valuation reports issued by an independent valuer. These calculations use cash flow
 projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period. These cash flow projections
 adopted annual sales growth rates, which are based on the Group’s historical experience with these operations and
 adjusted for other factors that are specific to each cash-generating unit. Cash flows beyond the five-year period are
 extrapolated using an estimated growth rate. The discount rates used are pre-taxed and reflect specific risks relating to
 the respective cash generating units.


 The key assumptions used in the value-in-use calculations for the above cash-generating units are as follows:


                                                         Revenue growth rate
                                                      during the forecast period                  Discount rate
                                                             2025               2024              2025               2024

 Western Beijing Cancer Hospital                            8.91%              9.27%           18.72%              18.25%
 Anhui Shoukang Investment                                  9.52%              7.64%           19.43%              19.30%
 Hefei Bayway Hospital                                    17.95%             15.78%            20.35%              18.39%
 Wuzhi Jimin Hospital                                     10.04%             15.39%            18.61%              18.70%


 The growth rate beyond the forecast period is estimated to be 2% (2024: 2%).


 As a result of the impairment tests, management is of the view that there was no impairment of goodwill as of December
 31, 2025 and 2024. Reasonably possible changes in key assumptions would not lead to impairment as of December 31,
 2025 and 2024.


 The headroom calculated by deducting the carrying amount from the recoverable amount of each of cash-generating
 units is as follows:


                                                                               31 December 2025       31 December 2024
                                                                                         RMB’000                  RMB’000

 Western Beijing Cancer Hospital                                                            92,326                 91,299
 Anhui Shoukang Investment                                                                  76,933                148,820
 Hefei Bayway Hospital                                                                      17,604                 50,670
 Wuzhi Jimin Hospital                                                                       17,879                 28,304




24   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Management have undertaken sensitivity analysis on the impairment test of goodwill. The following table sets out
the hypothetical changes to revenue growth rate and pre-tax discount rate that would, in isolation, have removed the
headroom respectively as at December 31, 2025 and 2024:


                                                                              31 December 2025       31 December 2024

Western Beijing Cancer Hospital
Decrease in revenue growth rate                                                            3.71%                 4.26%
Increase in pre-tax discount rate                                                          3.18%                 2.79%


Anhui Shoukang Investment
Decrease in revenue growth rate                                                            6.40%                10.42%
Increase in pre-tax discount rate                                                          4.96%                 8.89%


Hefei Bayway Hospital
Decrease in revenue growth rate                                                            2.02%                 7.96%
Increase in pre-tax discount rate                                                          1.82%                 4.52%


Wuzhi Jimin Hospital
Decrease in revenue growth rate                                                            1.13%                 1.89%
Increase in pre-tax discount rate                                                          1.01%                 1.38%


INVENTORIES
The inventories primarily consist of pharmaceuticals, medical equipment and consumables. The inventories decreased
by approximately 4.6% from RMB62.8 million as of December 31, 2024 to RMB59.9 million as of December 31, 2025,
primarily attributable to the optimization of inventory management at certain hospitals within the Group, which reduced
inventory levels.


The inventory turnover days remained consistent at 23 days for the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2025.


TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES
The trade receivables mainly represent the balances due from the public medical insurance programs for healthcare
services provided by the private for-profit hospitals in the In-network Hospitals and the trade-nature receivables for the
pharmaceuticals, medical equipment and consumables delivered. The bills receivables primarily represent bank acceptance
bills receivable from the customers for purchasing the pharmaceuticals, medical equipment and consumables.


The trade and bills receivables decreased by approximately 9.0% from RMB262.1 million as of December 31, 2024 to
RMB238.6 million as of December 31, 2025, primarily attributable to the completion of medical insurance settlement for
2024 at certain hospitals and the corresponding payments of deposits by medical insurance funds.




                                                                                                   2025 Annual Report    25
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



 PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
 The prepayments and other receivables primarily consist of prepayments for inventories and services, receivables from
 related parties, deposits and amount due from staffs in relation to share-based payments. The prepayments and other
 receivables increased by approximately 97.3% from RMB120.6 million as of December 31, 2024 to RMB237.9 million as
 of December 31, 2025, primarily attributable to the increase in receivables from related parties.


 TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES
 The trade and bills payables primarily relate to the purchase of pharmaceuticals, medical equipment and consumables
 from the suppliers, which are non-interest bearing. The trade and bills payables decreased by approximately 28.5% from
 RMB313.9 million as of December 31, 2024 to RMB224.3 million as of December 31, 2025, primarily attributable to the
 settlement of procurement payables according to the relevant payment terms.


 OTHER PAYABLES
 The other payables consist of salary and welfare payables, other taxes payable, advances from related parties, payables
 for purchase of property, plant and equipment and others. The other payables decreased by approximately 13.8% from
 RMB115.2 million as of December 31, 2024 to RMB99.3 million as of December 31, 2025, primarily attributable to the
 decrease in salaries and welfare payables.


 CONTRACT LIABILITIES
 The contract liabilities represent considerations received from the customers before the Group satisfying performance
 obligations. As of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2025, the contract liabilities were RMB30.7 million and
 RMB12.6 million, respectively. Such decrease was primarily due to the delivery of pharmaceuticals and consumables, with
 corresponding amounts recognized as revenue.


 LEASE LIABILITIES
 The lease liabilities of the Group decreased by approximately 10.6% from RMB160.1 million as of December 31, 2024 to
 RMB143.2 million as of December 31, 2025, primarily attributable to the settlement of rental payments for those leases.


 CAPITAL STRUCTURE
 The total assets of the Group increased from RMB2,203.1 million as of December 31, 2024 to RMB2,556.1 million as
 of December 31, 2025. The total liabilities of the Group decreased from RMB1,033.0 million as of December 31, 2024
 to RMB935.6 million as of December 31, 2025. Gearing ratio decreased from approximately 46.9% as of December 31,
 2024 to approximately 36.6% as of December 31, 2025.




26   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
The cash and cash equivalents of the Group increased by approximately 109.4% from RMB294.2 million as of December
31, 2024 to RMB616.0 million as of December 31, 2025, primarily attributable to the net proceeds from the Global
Offering (after deduction of underwriting fees and commissions and relevant expenses incurred).


The business operations and expansion plans require a significant amount of capital, including upgrading the existing
hospitals in the network, establishing and acquiring new hospitals and other working capital requirements. For the
Reporting Period, the Group financed the capital expenditure and working capital requirements mainly through cash
generated from operations, bank and other borrowings, capital contributions from Shareholders, and net proceeds from
the global offering of the Shares, details of which were disclosed in the Prospectus.


The Group manages and monitors the exposure of liquidity risk to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a
timely and effective manner. The Group regularly monitors the liquidity requirements and the compliance with lending
covenants, to ensure that the Group maintain sufficient reserves of cash and adequate committed lines of funding from
major financial institutions to meet the liquidity requirements in the short and longer term. During the Reporting Period,
the Group did not use any financial instrument for hedging purposes, did not have any outstanding hedging instruments
and did not consider necessary to hedge in order to manage the liquidity and capital resources.


BORROWINGS AND INDEBTEDNESS
The indebtedness mainly consisted of interest-bearing borrowings and lease liabilities. As of December 31, 2025, the
Group had indebtedness of RMB544.5 million, representing an increase of 5.3% as compared to RMB517.3 million as of
December 31, 2024, primarily due to the increase in bank borrowings guaranteed by subsidiaries of the Group.


The following table sets forth a breakdown of the indebtedness of the Group:


                                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                                                              2025                    2024
                                                                                          RMB’000                 RMB’000

Interest-bearing borrowings                                                                401,186                 357,190
Lease liabilities                                                                          143,212                 160,068
Advances from a related party                                                                     85                        0
Total                                                                                      544,483                 517,258


Except as disclosed above and the guarantees issued by the Group to certain banks in respect of the credit facilities
granted to Huangshan Shoukang Hospital, among which, the total amount of guarantees was approximately RMB260
million, and the outstanding balance of guarantees was approximately RMB144.2 million. As of December 31, 2025 and
save as disclosed above, the Group did not have any outstanding debt securities, mortgage, charges, debentures or other
loan capital (issued or agreed to be issued), bank overdrafts, loans, liabilities under acceptance or acceptance credits, or
other similar indebtedness, leasing and financial leasing commitments, hire purchase commitments, guarantee or other
material contingent liabilities.




                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report       27
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



 The following table sets forth the maturity profile of the interest-bearing borrowings:


                                                            December 31, 2025                       December 31, 2024
                                                             Balance         Percentage             Balance         Percentage
                                                            RMB’000                   %            RMB’000                   %

 Within one year or on demand                                327,186                81.5            292,000                81.8
 1 to 2 years                                                 26,000                 6.5             20,500                 5.7
 2 to 5 years                                                 48,000                12.0             44,600                12.5
                                                             401,186               100.0            357,190              100.0



 GEARING RATIO
 Gearing ratio is calculated using the sum of interest-bearing debt and lease liabilities divided by total equity attributable to
 the Company’s owners. The gearing ratio of the Group decreased from approximately 46.9% as of December 31, 2024
 to approximately 36.6% as of December 31, 2025, which was primarily due to an increase in the Group’s assets resulting
 from the net proceeds from the Global Offering (after deducting underwriting fees and commissions and relevant
 expenses).


 DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO RULES 13.13 AND 13.20 OF THE LISTING RULES
 As disclosed in the prospectus of the Company dated June 13, 2025, under the Hospital Management Agreement
 between Huangshan Shoukang Hospital and Anhui Shoukang Medical Investment Company Limited* (安徽首康醫療投資
 有限公司), a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, the Company will provide financial assistance to Huangshan
 Shoukang Hospital from time to time, including the grant of loan (the “Loan”) and acting as its corporate guarantee for
 its credit facilities. The total loan balance for a Class III Hospital (including Huangshan Shoukang Hospital) shall not exceed
 RMB200.0 million at any time.


 As at March 27, 2026, the balance of loan provided by the Group and corporate guarantees provided by the Group in
 favour of Huangshan Shoukang Hospital is in aggregate approximately RMB188.0 million.


 As the borrower of the Loan, Huangshan Shoukang Hospital is the same as that under the credit facilities which were
 entered into with the several banks completed within 12 months prior to March 2026, the transactions under the Loan
 and the credit facilities shall be aggregated as a series of transactions under Rule 14.22 of the Listing Rules. In addition, as
 the assets ratio as defined under Rule 14.07(1) of the Listing Rules in respect of the transactions contemplated under the
 guarantee agreements when aggregated with the Loan exceeds 8%, the transactions contemplated under the guarantee
 agreements and the Loan will together give rise to a general disclosure obligation of the Company under Rules 13.13 and
 13.15 of the Listing Rules.


 For details of the Loan and guarantee agreements in relation to Huangshan Shoukang Hospital, please see the Company’s
 announcement dated March 27, 2026.




28   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



KEY FINANCIAL RATIOS
The following table sets forth certain of our key financial ratios of the Group:


                                                                                                       As of/for the year ended
                                                                                                              December 31,
                                                                                                                2025                    2024

Profitability:
Revenue growth rate                                                                                           -5.8%                    10.9%
Gross profit growth rate                                                                                      -8.4%                    16.9%
Gross profit margin(1)                                                                                        17.0%                    17.5%
Adjusted net profit margin (non-IFRS measure)(2)                                                               1.6%                     1.1%
Adjusted EBITDA margin (non-IFRS measure)(3)                                                                  12.9%                    11.4%


Liquidity:
Current ratio(4)                                                                                          1.7 times                  1.0 times
Quick ratio(5)                                                                                            1.6 times                  0.9 times


Notes:


(1)      The calculation of gross profit margin is based on gross profit for the year divided by revenue for the respective year and
         multiplied by 100.0%;


(2)      The calculation of adjusted net profit margin (non-IFRS measure) is based on adjusted net profit after taxation (non-IFRS
         measure) for the year divided by revenue for the respective year and multiplied by 100.0%;


(3)      The calculation of adjusted EBITDA margin (non-IFRS measure) is based on adjusted EBITDA (non-IFRS measure) for the year
         divided by revenue for the respective year and multiplied by 100.0%;


(4)      The calculation of current ratio is based on current assets divided by current liabilities as of year-end; and


(5)      The calculation of quick ratio is based on current assets less inventories divided by current liabilities as of year-end.




                                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report          29
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



 Non-IFRS Measure
 To supplement our financial information, which is presented in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards, we also
 provide adjusted net profit as a non-IFRS measure, which is not required by, or presented in accordance with, the IFRS
 Accounting Standards. We believe that this non-IFRS measure facilitates comparisons of results of operations from period
 to period, aiming to provide useful information to investors in understanding and evaluating our results of operations in
 the same manner it helped our management. However, our presentation of adjusted net profit (non-IFRS measure) may
 not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. The application of the non-IFRS measure
 has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation from, or as substitute for analysis of, our
 results of operations or financial condition as reported under IFRS Accounting Standards.


 We define adjusted net profit (non-IFRS measure) as loss for the year adjusted by adding back listing expenses. Listing
 expenses are expenses relating to the Listing.


 The following tables reconcile our non-IFRS financial measures with their corresponding figures presented in accordance
 with IFRS Accounting Standards for the years indicated.


                                                                                  31 December 2025       31 December 2024
                                                                                            RMB’000                RMB’000

 Loss for the year                                                                             (8,678)                (3,557)
 – Listing expenses                                                                            26,621                 16,053
 Adjusted net profit (non-IFRS measure)                                                        17,943                 12,496


 CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
 As of December 31, 2025, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities, guarantees any litigations or claims
 of material importance, pending or threatened against any member of the Group that is likely to have a material and
 adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations.


 PLEDGE OF ASSETS
 As at December 31, 2025, approximately RMB18.9 million of trade receivables were pledged as security for Interest-
 bearing borrowings to the Group.


 CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
 During the Reporting Period, the Group primarily generated cash inflows through the provision of medical services.
 Cash outflows from operating activities mainly comprised payments for purchases of pharmaceuticals and medical
 consumables, employee benefit expenses, and other operating expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2025, the
 Group’s net cash generated from operating activities amounted to RMB222.3 million, representing an increase of 31.9%
 compared with the same period in 2024.




30   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
During the Reporting Period, cash inflows from financing activities mainly consisted of proceeds from the Company’s
initial public offering and bank borrowings. Cash outflows from the Group’s financing activities primarily comprised
repayment of bank borrowings and payments on interest on bank borrowings. For the year ended December 31, 2025,
the Group’s net cash generated from financing activities amounted to RMB267.7 million, representing an increase of
258.9% compared with the same period in 2024.


CAPITAL EXPENDITURES
The capital expenditures consist of expenditures on (i) property, plant and equipment, mainly comprising leasehold
improvement, construction in progress and medical equipment; and (ii) intangible assets. The capital expenditures
decreased by approximately 21.8% from RMB50.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 to RMB39.1 million
for the year ended in December 31, 2025, primarily due to a decrease in demand for the purchase of new medical
equipment, as such equipment typically has a useful life of 5 to 10 years and does not require annual replacement or
upgrading.


FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK AND HEDGING
As the Group’s operations are conducted by the subsidiaries of the Group in Chinese mainland, the Group’s presentation
currency is RMB. The Company has its functional currency in USD. The proceeds from the Global Offering was received in
HKD. As a result, the Group faces risks resulting from currency exchange rate fluctuations, particularly, the RMB against
the HKD and the USD.


As of the date of this report, the Group has not hedged its foreign currency exchange risks but has closely managed its
foreign currency risk by performing regular reviews of its net foreign currency exposures and may enter into currency
forward contracts, when necessary, to manage its foreign exchange exposure.


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENT, MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES,
ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group did not have any material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries,
associates or joint ventures. As of December 31, 2025, the Group did not hold any significant investment.


EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICIES
As of December 31, 2025, the Group had 1,998 employees, as compared with 2,080 employees as of December 31,
2024. The total staff cost (salaries, wages and other benefits and contributions to defined contribution retirement plan)
were RMB318.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, as compared to RMB318.0 million for the year ended
December 31, 2024, which generally remained stable.




                                                                                                 2025 Annual Report         31
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



 The remuneration of employees was based on their performance, skills, knowledge, experience and market trend.
 The Group reviews the remuneration policies and packages on a regular basis and will make necessary adjustment
 commensurate with the pay level in the industry. In addition to basic salaries, employees may be offered discretionary
 bonus, cash awards and share awards based on individual performance.


 The Group provides both in-house and external training periodically and across operational functions, including
 introductory training for new employees, technical training, product training, management training and work safety
 training, with a view to fostering the basic skills of new employees to perform their duties and improving the relevant
 skills of the existing employees as well.


 The Group believes it has maintained good relationships with its employees. Employees of the Group’s in-network
 hospitals are not represented by a labour union. As of the date of this report, the Group did not experience any strikes or
 any labour disputes with its employees which have had or are likely to have a material effect on its business.


 The employees of the Group typically enter into standard employment contracts with the Group. Each in-network hospital
 independently recruits and enters into employment contracts with its own employees.


 In compliance with PRC regulations, the Group participates in various employee social insurance plans that are organized
 by applicable local municipal and provincial governments, including maternity, pension, medical, work-related injury
 and unemployment benefit plans, as well as housing provident funds. The Group is required under PRC laws to make
 contributions to employee benefit plans.


 For the purposes of (i) motivating the eligible participants to optimize their performance efficiency for the benefit of the
 Group; and (ii) attracting and retaining the eligible participants whose contributions are or will be beneficial to the long-
 term growth of the Group, the Company conditionally approved and adopted Post-IPO Share Option Scheme (as defined
 in the Prospectus) on August 8, 2023 and amended by the Board on June 9, 2025.


 As no share options had been granted or agreed to be granted since the adoption of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme,
 (i) no share options under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme were outstanding as of December 31, 2025; (ii) no share
 options had been exercised, vested, cancelled or lapsed under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme during the Reporting
 Period; and (iii) as of December 31, 2025, the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme Limit (as defined in the Prospectus) was
 98,130,435 ordinary Shares. Further details of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme are set out in the sections headed
 “Statutory and General Information – Share Option Scheme” in Appendix IV to the Prospectus.


 EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
 Save for the above, there was no significant event which could have a material impact on the operating and financial
 performance of the Group from the end of the Reporting Period to the date of this report that is required to be disclosed
 by the Company.




32   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                  DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


To the best knowledge of the Company, no Director has any personal relationship (including financial, business, family or
other material or relevant relationship) with any other Director or any key executive.


DIRECTORS
Chairman and Executive Director
Dr. CHEN Haoyang (陳昊陽), aged 54, is the Chairman and executive Director. He was appointed as an executive
Director on July 1, 2023. On April 24, 2024, he was appointed as the president. With effect from September 26, 2025, he
was appointed as the Chairman. Dr. Chen is chairman of the Nomination Committee and member of the Remuneration
Committee.


Dr. Chen has over 30 years of work experience in the medical industry. From April 2000 to March 2019, he served at
the Fifth Medical Center of the Chinese People’s Liberation Army General Hospital* (中國人民解放軍總醫院第五醫學中
心) (Class-IIIA specialist hospital) and was assigned to various positions, such as a researcher and vice researcher in the
hospital. From March 2019 to March 2021, he served as a researcher at the Sixth Medical Center of the Chinese People’s
Liberation Army General Hospital* (中國人民解放軍總醫院第六醫學中心) (Class-IIIA comprehensive hospital).


Dr. Chen joined the Group in August 2021. After joining the Group and as of the date of this annual report, he has assumed
various positions in the Group, which include, among others, serving as the chairman of the board at one of the Group’s
subsidiaries and director at seven of the Group’s subsidiaries.


Dr. Chen obtained his master’s degree in pedagogy from Southwest University* (西南師範大學) in June 2000.
Subsequently, in June 2007, he obtained his doctor’s degree in management at the Third Military Medical University
of Chinese People’s Liberation Army (中國人民解放軍第三軍醫大學) (currently known as Army Medical University of
Chinese People’s Liberation Army (中國人民解放軍陸軍軍醫大學)). Since January 2016, he has obtained the qualification
of postgraduate tutor of the Third Military Medical University of Chinese People’s Liberation Army (currently known as
Army Medical University of Chinese People’s Liberation Army). In December 2018, Dr. Chen was one of the members of
the first prize of the Military Science and Technology Progress Award* (軍隊科技進步一等獎).


Dr. Chen has not held directorship in any other listed company in the three years immediately preceding the date of this
annual report.


Executive Directors
Mr. ZHAO Yongkai (趙永凱), aged 55, is the executive Director. He was appointed as an Director on December 9, 2021.
On July 1, 2023, he was re-designated as an executive Director and was appointed as chairman of the Board. With effect
from September 26, 2025, due to his adjustment of personal work focus and business development needs, he voluntarily
resigned from the position of Chairman. He remained as an executive Director.


Mr. Zhao has over 30 years of working experience and 20 years of experience in the medical, pharmaceutical and
healthcare sectors, and is highly experienced in the financial management and strategic planning as well as the operation,
management, and development of medical, pharmaceutical and healthcare institutions.




                                                                                                  2025 Annual Report         33
 DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



 From November 2000 to August 2005, Mr. Zhao served at CITIC Guoan Information Industry Co., Ltd (中信國安信息
 產業股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000839). After that, from October
 2005 to August 2017, he pivoted to the medical, pharmaceutical and healthcare sectors, and from April 2012 to August
 2017, he was a director and he served as the chairman from May 2015 to August 2017 of PKU HealthCare Corp., Ltd
 (北大醫藥股份有限公司), a company principally engaged in the research and development, manufacturing and sales of
 pharmaceuticals, which is listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000788) and several companies, where
 he gained substantial experience in the operation, management, and development of medical, pharmaceutical and
 healthcare institutions, which among others, include:


                                                          Principal business
 Period of service       Name of the company              activities                      Position   Responsibilities

 From November           PKUCare Industrial Park          Development and                 Chairman   Responsible for
     2013 to October        Technology Co., Ltd.* (北         operation of PKUCare                      overall strategy
     2017                   大醫療產業園科技有限公                      Industrial Park                           and daily operation
                            司)                                                                         management
 From January 2014       PKUCare Medical                  Consultation,                   Chairman   Responsible for
     to April 2016          Rehabilitation Hospital          management and                            overall strategy
                            Management Co., Ltd. (北          training of rehabilitation                and daily operation
                            大醫療康復醫院管理有限                      institutions, wholesale                   management
                            公司)                              of medical devices
 From April 2015 to      PKU Healthcare Industry          Hospital operation              Director   Responsible for overall
     October 2016           Group Co., Ltd.* (北大醫            management                                daily operation
                            療產業集團有限公司)                                                                 management


 Mr. Zhao joined the Group in January 2018. After joining the Group and as of the date of this annual report, he has
 assumed various positions in the Group, which include, among others, serving as chairman of the board at six of the
 Group’s subsidiaries and director at six of the Group’s subsidiaries.


 Mr. Zhao obtained his bachelor’s degree in engineering from the China Agricultural University (中國農業大學), which was
 formerly known as the Beijing Agricultural Engineering University (北京農業工程大學), in Beijing, the PRC in July 1995
 and his bachelor’s degree in financial accounting from the Renmin University of China (中國人民大學) in Beijing, the PRC
 in January 2000. Mr. Zhao obtained his master’s degree in senior management business management (高級管理人員工商
 管理) from the Chongqing University (重慶大學) in Chongqing, the PRC in June 2015.


 Mr. Zhao has been a non-practicing certified public accountant (非執業註冊會計師) of the Beijing Institute of Certified
 Public Accountants (北京註冊會計師協會) since 2000.


 Mr. Zhao has not held directorship in any other listed company in the three years immediately preceding the date of this
 annual report.


 Ms. XU Xu (徐旭), aged 46, is the executive Director and senior vice president. She was appointed as an Director
 on December 9, 2021. On July 1, 2023, she was re-designated as an executive Director. On April 24, 2024, she was
 appointed as the senior vice president. She is also a Controlling Shareholder.




34    Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                           DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Ms. Xu has over 22 years of experience in medical operation and management. She is highly experienced in modernized
hospital operation and management.


Ms. Xu has taken up a variety of senior management positions at PKU Healthcare Industry Group Co., Ltd.* (北大醫療產
業集團有限公司) and its subsidiaries from February 2005 to December 2015, and several other companies from February
2016 to July 2017, the positions she has taken up include:


                                                           Principal business
Period of service    Name of the company                   activities                Position                  Responsibilities

From February 2005   PKU Healthcare Industry Group Co.,    A comprehensive           Vice president and        Hospital management and
  to December          Ltd.* (北大醫療產業集團有限公                    hospital integrating      board secretary           industrial resource integration;
  2012                 司) (formerly known as Peking          medical treatment,                                  participating in the discussion
                       University International Hospital     teaching and                                        of the company’s development
                       Group Co., Ltd.* (北大國際醫院              research                                            plan, business operation plan
                       集團有限公司))                                                                                  and major decisions, and
                                                                                                                 assisting the chairman of
                                                                                                                 the board and president to
                                                                                                                 convene important meeting
From December        Peking University International       Class-III comprehensive   General manager/          Responsible for leading the
  2012 to              Hospital                              hospital                  deputy leader of the      construction, preparatory
  December 2015                                                                        project operation         management and operational
                                                                                       management                management of the
                                                                                       department,               international hospital
                                                                                       vice president of
                                                                                       operations
From February 2016   Western Beijing Cancer Hospital       Oncology specialist       General manager           Responsible for overall daily
  to July 2017         Company (formerly known as            hospital                                            operation and management of
                       Beijing New Mileage Cancer                                                                the hospital
                       Hospital* (北京新里程腫瘤醫院))
From February 2016   Beijing New Journey Healthcare        Medical and health        Chief operating officer   Daily operation and management
  to July 2017         Group Co., Limited* (北京新里程            industry operation        (COO) of its company      of the hospital
                       健康產業集團有限公司)


Ms. Xu joined the Group in December 2017. After joining the Group and as of the date of this annual report, she has
assumed various positions in the Group, which include, among others, serving as chairwoman of the board at two of the
Group’s subsidiaries and director at eight of the Group’s subsidiaries.


Ms. Xu obtained her bachelor’s degree in law from the Southwest University of Political Science and Law (西南政法大學)
in Chongqing, the PRC in July 2003. She later obtained her master’s degree in business administration from the China
Europe International Business School (中歐國際工商學院) in Beijing, the PRC in November 2019.


As of the date of this annual report, Ms. Xu is deemed to control approximately 63.05% of the issued share capital of
the Company, within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO. She has not held directorship in any other listed company in the
three years immediately preceding the date of this annual report.




                                                                                                                    2025 Annual Report              35
 DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



 Mr. LU Jizhong (盧繼忠), aged 58, is the executive Director and vice president. He was appointed as the executive
 Director on July 1, 2023. On April 24, 2024, he was appointed as the vice president.


 Mr. Lu has over 34 years of working experience and over 20 years of experience in hospital management and operation.
 From July 1991 to May 2000, Mr. Lu was the attending physician engaged in clinical work at Huainan Xinhua Medical
 Group Xinhua Hospital* (淮南新華醫療集團新華醫院). He joined Shanghai Yodak Cardiothoracic Hospital as an executive
 vice president of hospital in January 2005, in which he was responsible for the daily management and operation of the
 hospital, and stayed until April 2009. After that, he joined Shanghai HyGet Medical Management Co., Ltd* (上海海格
 醫院管理有限公司) in May 2009 and served as the managing director until December 2018, and was responsible for its
 overall operation and management. Mr. Lu has been appointed as a council member of the China Anti-Cancer Association,
 a standing committee member of the Private Hospital Branch of the Chinese Hospital Association, a standing committee
 member of the Health Management Branch of the Chinese Association for Health Promotion and Education, a standing
 committee member of the Professional Committee on Rehabilitation Medicine of the Chinese Non-Public Medical
 Institutions Association, and a committee member of the Rehabilitation Institution Management Professional Committee
 of the Chinese Association of Rehabilitation Medicine.


 Mr. Lu joined the Group in April 2019. After joining the Group and as of the date of this annual report, he has assumed
 various positions in the Group, which include, among others, serving as executive partner (appointed representative)
 at one of the Group’s subsidiaries, chairman of the board at two of the Group’s subsidiaries and director at four of the
 Group’s subsidiaries.


 Mr. Lu obtained his bachelor’s degree in clinical medicine at the North China University of Science and Technology (華
 北理工大學), which was formerly known as Hebei Polytechnic University (河北理工大學), North China Coal Medical
 University (華北煤炭醫學院) and Hebei United University (河北聯合大學), in Tangshan of Hebei Province, the PRC in
 July 1991. He later obtained his master’s degree in surgery at the Second Military Medical University (第二軍醫大學) in
 Shanghai, the PRC in June 2004.


 Mr. Lu obtained his Attending Physician Qualification Certificate* (主治醫師資格證) from the Health Technical Position
 Evaluation Committee of the Huainan Bureau of Mine* (淮南礦務局衛生技術申級職務評審委員會) in December 1997.


 Mr. Lu has not held directorship in any other listed company in the three years immediately preceding the date of this
 annual report.


 Mr. Feng Yu (馮宇), aged 44, is the executive Director, vice president and chief medical officer (首席醫療官). He was
 appointed as the executive Director on July 1, 2023. On April 24, 2024, he was appointed as the chief medical officer and
 vice president.


 Mr. Feng has over 19 years of working experience and 15 years of experience in the medical operation and management,
 and healthcare sectors. He joined the 5th Medical Centre of the Military General Hospital of China* (解放軍總醫院第
 五醫學中心) (Class-IIIA specialist hospital), which was formerly known as the 302 Military Hospital of China (中國人民
 解放軍第302醫院), in June 2007 and served as a clinician until December 2019, and was responsible for the medical
 diagnosis and treatment of patients and medical management of the hospital, including but not limited to medical quality
 and safety management, hospital and discipline development, administration management, information management,
 disease prevention and control. After that, he served as the medical director (醫學總監) at Beijing Dashu Yida Technology
 Co., Ltd.* (北京大數醫達科技有限公司) from February 2021 to July 2021, where he was responsible for managing the
 medical department.


36   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                 DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Mr. Feng joined the Group in September 2021. After joining the Group and as of the date of this annual report, he serves
as a vice president, chief medical officer and general manager of medical management department of the Group, and
various other positions in the Group, which include, among others, being executive partner (appointed representative)
at one of the Group’s subsidiaries, chairman of the board at two of the Group’s subsidiaries and director at three of the
Group’s subsidiaries.


Mr. Feng obtained his master’s degree in clinical medicine from the Second Military Medical University* (中國人民解放軍
第二軍醫大學) in Shanghai, the PRC in June 2007. Mr. Feng then obtained his practicing physician qualification (執業醫
師資格) from the Department of Health, Chinese People’s Liberation Army General Logistics Department (中國人民解放
軍總後勤部衛生部) in December 2011.


Mr. Feng has not held directorship in any other listed company in the three years immediately preceding the date of this
annual report.

Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. CHAN Hok Leung (陳學良), aged 63, is the independent non-executive Director. He was appointed as the
independent non-executive Director on June 9, 2025. Mr. Chan is the chairman of the Audit Committee and members of
the Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee.


Mr. Chan has over 30 years of working experience in the corporate finance sector. From June 1994 to November 2007,
he worked in the corporate finance division (mergers and acquisitions department) as manager, senior manager, associate
director and director at the SFC and was responsible for securities regulation. He worked in Platinum Securities Company
Limited between December 2007 and October 2009 and was responsible for advising on corporate finance. He joined
Neutral Financial Holding Company Limited (中和金控有限公司), which was formerly known as Asian Capital (Corporate
Finance) Limited (卓亞融資有限公司), in November 2009. He served as an executive director until October 2016 and was
responsible for advising on corporate finance. During the same period, from June 2010 to June 2016, he served as an
executive director at Kingwisoft Technology Group Company Limited (金慧科技集團股份有限公司), which was formerly
known as Asian Capital Holdings Limited (卓亞資本有限公司) and is a corporate financial advisory and consulting
company listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 8295). He was responsible for general management and
operation, formulating investment strategies and business development. From January 2017 to January 2019, he was
the Managing Director at First Prosperous Capital Company Limited (瀚盛資本有限公司), which was formerly known as
Cypress House Capital Limited (柏坊資本有限公司), and was responsible for advising on corporate finance. Then from
January 2019 to May 2024, he was the Managing Director at China Sunrise Capital Limited (華升資本有限公司), which
was formerly known as First Capital International Finance Limited (首控國際金融有限公司), and was responsible for
advising on corporate finance. Since March 2019, he has also been serving as a non-executive director of Numans Health
Food Holdings Company Limited (紐曼思健康食品控股有限公司), which engages in the marketing, sales and distribution
of health supplements in the PRC, and the shares of which are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code:
2530.HK). Since August 2024, he has been serving as a managing director of corporate finance department, the principal
under the sponsor regime and responsible officer for regulated activity 1 and regulated activity 6 of Asian Capital Limited
(卓亞融資有限公司).


Mr. Chan obtained his bachelor’s degree in business and management from the Victoria University of Wellington, New
Zealand in April 1988. He later obtained his master’s degree in business management from the University of Warwick
in the United Kingdom in July 2000. In October 2009, he also obtained his master’s degree in hotel and tourism
management from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University (香港理工大學). Mr. Chan obtained his membership and fellow
membership of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants in January 1993 and September 1997
respectively.


                                                                                                   2025 Annual Report     37
 DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



 Save as disclosed above, Mr. Chan has not held directorship in any other listed company in the three years immediately
 preceding the date of this annual report.


 Ms. LIU Shuang (劉爽), aged 54, is the independent non-executive Director. She was appointed as the independent
 non-executive Director on June 9, 2025. Ms. Liu is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee and members of the
 Audit Committee and Nomination Committee.


 Ms. Liu has more than 23 years of working experience in the legal industry. From December 2003 to September 2007,
 she served as a lawyer and a partner at Hills and Co.* (廣東君道律師事務所) where she provides legal services. After
 that, she joined DeHeng Law Offices (Shenzhen) (北京德恒(深圳)律師事務所) as a lawyer in October 2007 and has been
 serving as a partner since July 2015.


 Ms. Liu obtained her bachelor’s degree in law and economics from Beijing Business School* (北京商學院) in Beijing, the
 PRC in June 1993. She later obtained her master’s degree in law from the Northwest University of Political Science and
 Law (西北政法大學) in Xi’an, the PRC in July 2001. Ms. Liu obtained her lawyer qualification certificate (律師資格證書)
 from the Department of Justice of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region* (內蒙古自治區司法廳) in April 1994.


 Ms. Liu has not held directorship in any other listed company in the three years immediately preceding the date of this
 annual report.


 Dr. GUO Wei (郭衛), aged 68, is the independent non-executive Director. He was appointed as the independent non-
 executive Director on June 9, 2025. Dr. Guo is a member of the Audit Committee.


 Dr. Guo has more than 40 years of working experience in the medical industry. From 1993 to 1995, he was the chief
 physician and deputy director at the orthopedics department of Peking University People’s Hospital (北京大學人民醫院)
 (previously known Beijing Medical University People’s Hospital* (北京醫科大學附屬人民醫院)) and was responsible for
 providing medical services. From 1998 to 2002, he was the deputy director of the bone tumor department, director of
 the bone disease and bone tumor research laboratory and chief physician at Peking University People’s Hospital. Since
 2002, he has been working at Peking University People’s Hospital as the director of the orthopedic oncology department
 and the director of the orthopedic oncology research laboratory, dealing with the daily management of the department
 business and providing medical services. In August 2022, he obtained “Top Ten Health Guards in the Capital* (首都十大
 健康衛士)” issued by the Beijing Municipal Health Commission.


 Dr. Guo obtained his bachelor’s degree in medicine from Qingdao Medical College (青島醫學院), the PRC (currently
 known as Qingdao University’s Qingdao Medical College (青島大學醫學部)) in August 1984 and later his master’s degree
 in surgery from Sun Yat-sen University of Medical Sciences (中山醫科大學), the PRC (currently known as Zhongshan
 School of Medicine, SYSU (中山大學中山醫學院)) in July 1989. In June 1993, he obtained a doctoral degree in medicine
 from Beijing Medical University (北京醫科大學), the PRC (currently known as Peking University Health Science Center (北
 京大學醫學部)).


 Dr. Guo has not held directorship in any other listed company in the three years immediately preceding the date of this
 annual report.




38   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Dr. CHEN Haoyang (陳昊陽) is the Chairman and executive Director. See “– Directors – Chairman and Executive
Director” for details of his biography.


Mr. ZHAO Yongkai (趙永凱) is the executive Director. See “– Directors – Executive Directors” for details of his
biography.


Ms. XU Xu (徐旭) is the executive Director and senior vice president. See “– Directors – Executive Directors” for details of
her biography.


Mr. LU Jizhong (盧繼忠) is the executive Director and vice president. See “– Directors – Executive Directors” for details
of his biography.


Mr. Feng Yu (馮宇) is the executive Director, vice president and chief medical officer (首席醫療官). See “– Directors –
Executive Directors” for details of his biography.


Mr. YAO Le (姚樂), aged 39, is the vice president, chief financial officer, secretary to the Board and joint company
secretary.


Mr. Yao has over 15 years of working experience in financial management of large enterprises, capital markets and the
healthcare industry. He worked as an officer of the financial management department (財務管理部門職員) at the Founder
Group (北大方正集團有限公司) from July 2010 to June 2012, and as a finance manager (財務經理) from November 2013
to February 2016, in which he was responsible for a variety of financial management matters. He then joined Founder
Financing Services LLC* (方正證券承銷保薦有限責任公司) in March 2016 as a vice president of the investment banking
division, in which he was responsible for the initial public offering, restructuring, and merger and acquisition projects, and
he stayed in the position until December 2017. From December 2017 to December 2018, Mr. Yao served as the general
manager of the investment department of Beijing Baicheng Baixin Technology Limited* (北京佰誠佰欣科技有限公司).


Mr. Yao joined the Group in January 2019. From January 2019 to March 2020, he served as the assistant president of the
Company, responsible for the Group’s investment management matters. From April 2020 to March 2022, he served as
the vice president of the Company and the general manager of Anhui Shoukang Medical Investment Company Limited
(安徽首康醫療投資有限公司), responsible for its investment and the operation and management of its subsidiaries. Since
April 2022, he has served as the vice president and chief financial officer of Bayzed Medical Investment Group Company
Limited* (佰澤醫療投資集團有限公司), and various positions in the Group, which include, among others, being director
at seven of the Group’s subsidiaries. Mr. Yao was appointed as the joint company secretary of the Company on October
14, 2025.


Mr. Yao obtained his bachelor’s degree in accountancy from the Zhengzhou University of Aeronautics (鄭州航空工業管理
學院) in Zhengzhou, China in July 2010. He later obtained his master’s degree in accounting and financial management
from the University of York (約克大學) in York, the United Kingdom in January 2014. He also obtained his executive
master’s degree of business administration from Peking University in Beijing, China in July 2024.




                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report          39
 DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



 Ms. LIU Yan (劉燕), aged 54, is the vice president and general manager of the operations management department of
 the Company, responsible for overseeing the operations management of the Group’s headquarters.


 Ms. Liu has over 30 years of work experience in healthcare management. Ms. Liu joined the Group in February 2025.
 From July 2024 to February 2025, she served as assistant president of New Journey Health Technology Group Co., Ltd.
 (SZSE stock code: 002219). From February 2023 to July 2024, she served as assistant president of New Journey Health
 Group. From June 2019 to February 2023, she served as vice president and chief financial officer of Beijing Hongci
 Healthcare Group (北京弘慈醫療集團). From September 2017 to June 2019, she served as chief financial officer and head
 of the operations department of Beijing Hongci Healthcare Group. From March 2017 to September 2017, she served
 as financial controller of Beijing Hongci Healthcare Group. From July 1995 to March 2017, she served as director of the
 Management Section of the Fifth Medical Center of the Chinese PLA General Hospital (解放軍總醫院第五醫學中心經管
 科主任).


 Ms. Liu obtained a bachelor’s degree in financial management from the Chinese People’s Liberation Army Logistics
 College (中國人民解放軍後勤指揮學院) in July 1999. She subsequently obtained a master’s degree in military finance
 from the Military Economic Academy of the Chinese People’s Liberation Army (中國人民解放軍軍事經濟學院) in
 September 2003. Ms. Liu obtained the qualification of Senior Accountant in September 2012.


 Dr. DU Hongwei (杜宏偉), aged 60, is the vice president of the Group and concurrently holds the positions of
 the general manager and president of Wuzhi Jimin Hospital, a subsidiary of the Group, responsible for the overall
 management of the hospital.


 Dr. Du has over 36 years of work experience in hospital management. Dr. Du joined the Group in March 2022. From
 November 2019 to March 2022, he served as executive dean of Wenzhou Safety Emergency Institute of Tianjin University
 (天津大學溫州安全應急研究院), responsible for and completed the preparation, operation and other work of the
 institute. From September 2018 to September 2019, he served as deputy general manager of Tianjin Datong Investment
 Group (天津大通投資集團), responsible for hospital management. From August 2017 to August 2018, he served as
 professor and doctoral supervisor at the School of Medicine, Nankai University, and concurrently held the positions of
 president of the Affiliated Hospital of Nankai University (南開大學附屬醫院) and president of the Campus Hospital of
 Nankai University, responsible for the overall management of the hospitals. From August 1990 to August 2017, he
 served as deputy director of the Medical Department at the Military Region General Hospital under the Joint Logistics
 Department of the Beijing Military Region (北京軍區聯勤部), president of PLA Hospital 254 (解放軍254醫院), general
 surgeon at PLA Hospital 464 (解放軍464醫院), and director of the Medical Affairs Office, among other positions.


 Lyu Chao (呂超), aged 41, was appointed as the president of the Company on December 29, 2025 and he was also the
 assistant to the chairman of the Board since September 22, 2025.


 Mr. Lyu has over 16 years of extensive experience in corporate strategic management, investment and financing
 operations, financial system development, and the development of the healthcare industry. He has served in senior
 positions at a number of large-scale state owned enterprises, listed companies, and international institutions, possessing
 profound industry expertise and outstanding comprehensive management capabilities.




40   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                 DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Prior to joining the Group, Lyu served as a co-president and general manager of the asset management department of
Fosun Hive, where he held positions including co-president and chief financial officer and chief investment officer. He
oversaw the investment and financing center, planning & finance department, and subsidiary operations, and was fully
involved in the integrated management of investment, financing, asset management, and divestment within the health
and wellness and various commercial asset sectors.


Mr. Lyu obtained a bachelor’s degree in Accounting from Guangdong University of Foreign Studies in the People’s
Republic of China in 2008 and a master degree in business administration from the University of California, USA in
2014. Mr. Lyu holds several professional qualifications including senior accountant and senior financial manager. He is a
member of the Institute of Public Accountants (MIPA) and the International Federation of Accountants (IFAC). He is also a
U.S. Certified Forensic Public Accountant (FCPA), a Personal Member of the Chinese Institute of Chief Financial Officers, a
China Tax Accountant, a China Certified Risk Manager (CRM), and a Member of the National Society of Tax Professionals
(NSTP).


JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Mr. YAO Le (姚樂) is the vice president, chief financial officer, secretary to the Board and joint company secretary. See
“Directors and Senior Management – Senior Management” for his biographical details.


Ms. FONG Christine Haiman (方希琳) is a joint company secretary of the Company. She is currently a manager of
company secretarial services of Tricor Services Limited, a member of Vistra Group and an integrated provider offering
business, corporate and investor services. She has over nine years of experience in the corporate services field and has
been providing professional corporate services to Hong Kong listed companies as well as private and offshore companies.


Ms. Fong is a Chartered Secretary, a Chartered Governance Professional and an associate member of both the Hong
Kong Chartered Governance Institute and the Chartered Governance Institute in United Kingdom. Ms. Fong obtained a
bachelor’s degree in law from Queensland University of Technology in Australia in December 2016 and a master’s degree
in corporate governance from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University in September 2022.




                                                                                                   2025 Annual Report       41
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT


 The Board is pleased to present its report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for
 the Reporting Period.


 PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
 The Company is an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with limited liability on
 December 9, 2021. The Group is an oncology healthcare group that principally engages in the investment in, and
 provision of, medical and healthcare related services in the PRC. The Company was listed on the Main Board of the Stock
 Exchange on June 23, 2025 with stock code 2609.


 The activities and particulars of the Company’ s principal subsidiaries are set out in Note 15 to the consolidated financial
 statements. An analysis of the Group’s revenue and operating profit for the year ended December 31, 2025 by principal
 activities is set out in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” in this annual report. There were no
 significant changes in the nature of the Company’s principal activities during the Reporting Period.


 BUSINESS REVIEW AND RESULTS AND FUTURE DEVELOPMENT
 A review of the business of the Group during the Reporting Period is provided in the section headed “Management
 Discussion and Analysis – Business Overview” of this annual report. An analysis of the Group’s performance during the
 Reporting Period is provided in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis – Financial Review” of this
 annual report.


 The results of the Group for the Reporting Period are set out in the consolidated financial statements in this annual
 report.


 The future development in the Company’s business is provided in the sections headed “Management Discussion and
 Analysis – Business Overview” and “Management Discussion and Analysis – Outlook” of this annual report.


 PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES FACING THE GROUP
 The Group’s results of operations are subject to various factors with the key risks summarized below:


 •         China’s healthcare services industry is currently undergoing regulatory reforms, and its development remains
           unpredictable. Changes in China’s healthcare reform policies, particularly those concerning the regulation of non-
           public medical institutions, could have a significant adverse impact on the Group’s business operations and future
           development.


 •         A substantial portion of the revenue generated by the Group’s hospitals comes from providing medical services to
           patients covered by public medical insurance. Delays in payments or adjustments to reimbursement ratios under
           China’s public medical insurance schemes could affect the Group’s operational performance and cash flow.


 •         The Chinese government’s pricing control policies for medical services and pharmaceuticals may directly affect the
           service pricing of the Group’s hospitals and their overall profitability.




42   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



•      The Group operates in a highly regulated healthcare industry and must comply with numerous laws and
       regulations. As regulatory requirements continue to tighten, the Group may face increasing compliance costs.


•      The Group’s hospitals may encounter patient complaints, claims, and legal proceedings during their operations.
       This could not only result in additional legal and compensation costs but also adversely affect the Group’s brand
       reputation and operational performance.


•      Any negative news regarding the Group, its hospitals, or the healthcare services industry could undermine public
       trust in the Group’s medical services, thereby impacting its business prospects and operational performance.


•      The Group is actively expanding its healthcare network through strategic acquisitions. If the operational
       performance of acquired businesses fails to meet expectations, it may lead to significant goodwill impairment,
       adversely affecting the Group’s financial position.


•      The Group is continuously upgrading its information technology systems to support business growth. System
       failures, cyberattacks, or data breaches could result in business disruptions or regulatory penalties, further
       impacting the Group’s reputation and operations.


Since the above is not an exhaustive list, investors are advised to make their own judgment or consult their own
investment advisors before making any investment in the Shares.


For more details of other risks and uncertainties faced by the Group, please refer to the section headed “Risk Factors” of
the Prospectus.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
Major Customers
For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group’s sales to its five largest customers accounted for 15.2% (2024:
15.8%) of the Group’s total revenue, and the Group’s sales to its single largest customer accounted for 11.4% (2024:
12.6%) of the Group’s total revenue. Huangshan Shoukang Hospital was the largest customer of the Group. For the year
ended 31 December 2025, the aggregate sales to the Group’s top five customers accounted for less than 30% of the
Group’s total revenue.


Major Suppliers
For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group’s purchases from its five largest suppliers accounted for 40.5% (2024:
46.6%) of the Group’s total purchases, and the Group’s purchases from its single largest supplier accounted for 14.9%
(2024: 15.3%) of the Group’s total purchases.


For the year ended December 31, 2025, there was no significant and material dispute between the Group and its
customers and suppliers. As of the date of this annual report, all of the Group’s five largest customers and suppliers
during the Reporting Period were Independent Third Parties, and to the best of the knowledge of the Directors, none of
the Directors, their respective close associates or any Shareholder who owned more than 5% of the Company’s issued
shares (excluding treasury shares) had any interest in any of the Group’s five largest customers and suppliers.




                                                                                                    2025 Annual Report   43
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT



 KEY RELATIONSHIPS WITH ITS EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
 For details of relationships with the employees, customers and suppliers, please refer to “Major Customers and Suppliers”
 and “Employee, Training and Remuneration Policies” in this annual report and the 2025 Environmental, Social and
 Governance Report.


 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in Note
 11 to the consolidated financial statements.


 SHARE CAPITAL
 On June 23, 2025, the Company issued 133,105,800 Shares at the offer price of HKD4.22 per Share by the Global
 Offering.


 Details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the Reporting Period are set out in Note 24 to the
 consolidated financial statements.


 DEBENTURES
 The Group did not issue any debentures during the Reporting Period.


 RESERVES
 Details of the changes in the Group’s reserves for the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out in Note 24(a) to the
 consolidated financial statements.


 DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
 As at 31 December 2025, the Company’s reserves available for distribution, factoring in the share premium, exchange
     reserve and accumulated losses of the Company, amounted to approximately RMB555.4 million.


 BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS
 Details of the bank and other borrowings of the Company during the Reporting Period are set out in Note 21 to the
 consolidated financial statements.


 EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
 Save for the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme (as defined in the Prospectus) and as disclosed in the Prospectus and this
 annual report, there was no equity-linked agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing shares or that
 require the Company to enter into any agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing shares were entered
 into by the Company during the Reporting Period or subsisted at the end of the Reporting Period.




44      Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT



DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The Directors and senior management during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report are:


Executive Directors
Dr. Chen Haoyang (Chairman) (Appointed as the Chairman with effect from September 26, 2025)
Mr. Zhao Yongkai (Resigned as the Chairman with effect from September 26, 2025)
Ms. Xu Xu
Mr. Lu Jizhong
Mr. Feng Yu


Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Chan Hok Leung
Ms. Liu Shuang
Dr. Guo Wei


Senior Management
Dr. Chen Haoyang
Mr. Zhao Yongkai
Ms. Xu Xu
Mr. Lu Jizhong
Mr. Feng Yu
Mr. Yao Le
Dr. Jiang Zheng (Resigned with effect from December 29, 2025)
Ms. Liu Yan (Appointed with effect from September 26, 2025)
Dr. Du Hongwei (Appointed with effect from September 26, 2025)
Mr. Lyu Chao (Appointed with effect from December 29, 2025)


Biographical details of Directors and senior management are set out in “Directors and Senior Management” of this
annual report.


CHANGES TO THE INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
With effect from September 26, 2025, Ms. Liu Yan and Dr. Du Hongwei were appointed as vice presidents of the
Company, respectively and Mr. Yao Le, the vice president and chief financial officer of the Company, was appointed as
the secretary to the Board. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated September 26, 2025.


With effect from September 26, 2025, Mr. Zhao Yong Kai (“Mr. Zhao”), due to his adjustment of personal work
focus and business development needs, voluntarily resigned from the position of Chairman and Dr. Chen Haoyang
(“Dr. Chen”) was appointed as the Chairman. Mr. Zhao also voluntarily resigned as the chairman of the Nomination
Committee and the member of the Remuneration Committee and Dr. Chen was appointed as the chairman of the
Nomination Committee and the member of the Remuneration Committee. Mr. Zhao Yong Kai remains as an executive
Director. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated September 26, 2025.




                                                                                                2025 Annual Report   45
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT



 With effect from December 29, 2025, Mr. Lyu Chao was appointed as the president of the Company and Dr. Jiang
 Zheng, due to his desire to devote more time on family matters, resigned as an assistant president of the Company. For
 details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated December 29, 2025.


 Save as disclosed above, there was no changes to information which are required to be disclosed by Directors pursuant to
 paragraphs (a) to (e) and (g) of Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules during the Relevant Period.


 DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS AND LETTERS OF APPOINTMENT
 Each of the Directors has entered into a service contract or an appointment letter with the Company, under which they
 agreed to act as Directors for an initial term of three years commencing from the Listing Date, subject to retirement and
 re-election in accordance with the Articles of Association. The service contracts or letters of appointment may be renewed
 in accordance with the Articles of Association and the applicable laws, rules and regulations.


 Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors has or is proposed to enter into a service contract with any member of the
 Group, other than contracts expiring or determinable by the relevant employer within one year without the payment of
 compensation (other than statutory compensation).


 DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESS
 To the best knowledge of the Directors, as of the date of this annual report, none of the Directors and their respective
 close associates had any interest in any business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly with
 the Group’s business which would require disclosure under Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.


 INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
 The Company has received a confirmation of independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules from each of the
 independent non-executive Directors and the Company considers such Directors to be independent during the Relevant
 Period.


 SIGNIFICANT CONTRACTS
 None of the Directors or their respective connected entities (as defined in the Listing Rules) had a material interest, either
 directly or indirectly, in any transaction, arrangement or contract of significance to the business of the Group subsisting
 during or at the end of the Reporting Period to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party.


 During the Reporting Period, the Group has not entered into any contract of significance with the Controlling
 Shareholders or any of their respective close associates.


 LOAN AGREEMENT WITH COVENANTS RELATING TO SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE OF THE
 CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
 As of the date of this annual report, the Company has not entered into any loan agreement which contains covenants
 requiring Controlling Shareholders to pledge Shares or fulfill specific performance obligations.




46   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT



MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.


REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND FIVE INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS
The remuneration of employees was based on their performance, skills, knowledge, experience and market trend.
The Group reviews the remuneration policies and packages on a regular basis and will make necessary adjustment
commensurate with the pay level in the industry. In addition to basic salaries, employees may be offered discretionary
bonus, cash awards and share awards based on individual performance. The Company has established the Remuneration
Committee to review and make recommendations to the Board regarding the terms of remuneration packages, bonuses
and other compensation payable to the Directors and senior management.


Details of the emoluments of the Directors and five highest paid individuals are set out in Note 8 and Note 9 to the
consolidated financial statements.


None of the Directors waived or agreed to waive any remuneration and there were no emoluments paid by the Group to
any of the Directors or other individuals as an inducement to join, or upon joining the Group, or as compensation for loss
of office.


EMPLOYEE, TRAINING AND REMUNERATION POLICIES
As of December 31, 2025, the Group had 1,998 employees, as compared with 2,080 employees as of December 31,
2024.


The total staff cost (salaries, wages and other benefits and contributions to defined contribution retirement plan) were
RMB318.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, representing a relatively stable level as compared with
RMB318.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2024.


The Group provides both in-house and external training periodically and across operational functions, including
introductory training for new employees, technical training, product training, management training and work safety
training, with a view to fostering the basic skills of new employees to perform their duties and improving the relevant
skills of the existing employees as well.




                                                                                                  2025 Annual Report     47
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT



 Remuneration packages for the employees mainly comprise base salary and performance-related bonus. We set
 performance targets for the employees primarily based on their position and department and periodically review their
 performance. The results of such reviews are used in their salary determinations, bonus awards and promotion appraisals.


 The employees of the Group typically enter into standard employment contracts with the Group. Each in-network hospital
 independently recruits and enters into employment contracts with its own employees. In compliance with PRC regulations,
 the Group participates in various employee social insurance plans that are organized by applicable local municipal and
 provincial governments, including maternity, pension, medical, work-related injury and unemployment benefit plans, as
 well as housing provident funds. The Group is required under PRC laws to make contributions to employee benefit plans.


 The Group believes it has maintained good relationships with its employees. Employees of the Group’s in-network
 hospitals are not represented by a labour union. As of the date of this annual report, the Group did not experience any
 strikes or any labour disputes with its employees which have had or are likely to have a material effect on its business.


 ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
 The Group is subject to various PRC laws, rules and regulations with regard to environmental matters, including hospital
 sanitation, disease control, disposal of medical waste, and discharge of wastewater, pollutants and radioactive substances.
 The Group has implemented internal policies and procedures concerning environmental protection and engaged qualified
 service providers to dispose of medical waste and radioactive substances.


 During the Reporting Period, the businesses of the Group were in compliance with all the relevant laws and regulations
 with regard to environmental protection in all material aspects. The Group is committed to fulfilling social responsibility,
 promoting employee benefits and development, protecting the environment, giving back to the community and achieving
 sustainable growth.


 For more details, please refer to the Environmental, Social and Governance Report prepared in accordance with Appendix
 C2 of the Listing Rules.


 THE GROUP’S SUBSIDIARIES
 A summary of the corporate information and the particulars of the Group’s subsidiaries are set out in Note 15 to the
 consolidated financial statements.




48   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT



INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF THE DIRECTORS THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OF THE
COMPANY IN THE SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY
AND ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
As of December 31, 2025, to the best knowledge of the Directors, the interests and short positions of the Directors
and chief executive of the Company in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of the
Company’s associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required (a) to be notified to
the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short
positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) pursuant to Section 352 of
the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein; or (c) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:


(i)    Interests in the Company
                                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                                                          percentage of
                                                                                                      Number of      shareholding in the
       Name of Director/                                                                                  Shares total share capital of
       chief executive officer                 Nature of interest                                    interested(1)       the Company (2)

       Xu Xu                                   Interest in controlled corporations                 831,227,272 (L)              63.04%


       Notes:


       (1)      The letter “L” denotes long position in the Shares.


       (2)      The percentages were calculated based on the total number of 1,318,466,823 issued Shares as of December 31, 2025.


(ii)   Interests in the shares of associated corporations
                                                                                                           Amount of
                                                                                                    Registered Capital      Approximate
       Name of Director/                                                                               (approximately      percentage of
       chief executive officer   Nature of interest    Associated corporations                                   RMB)       shareholding

       Xu Xu (徐旭)                Beneficial interest   Tianjin Yizhong Junan Hospital Management            5,392,000            14.54%
                                                         Partnership (Limited Partnership)*
                                                         (天津醫眾君安醫院管理合夥企業(有限合夥)


       Save as disclosed above, as of December 31, 2025, so far as the Directors are aware, none of the Directors or chief
       executive of the Company had or was deemed to have any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying
       Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
       SFO) which would be required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and
       8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have taken
       under such provisions of the SFO); or which would be required to be recorded in the register to be kept by the
       Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or which would be required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be
       notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.




                                                                                                                  2025 Annual Report       49
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT



 SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
 UNDERLYING SHARES
 As of December 31, 2025, to the best of knowledge of the Directors, the following persons, other than Directors or chief
 executive of the Company, had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares which fall to be disclosed
 to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO as recorded in the register required to be
 kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:


                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                 percentage of
                                                                                               Number of          shareholding
 Name of Shareholder                                   Nature of interest                         Shares (1)
                                                                                                               in the Company(2)

 Bayway Fund L.P.(3)                                   Beneficial interest                  682,266,228 (L)             51.75%
                                                       Persons acting in concert             95,915,590 (L)              7.27%
     Xuxi Holding(3)                                   Persons acting in concert             95,915,590 (L)              7.27%
                                                       Beneficial interest                  682,266,228 (L)             51.75%
     Relevant Shareholders of Bayway Fund L.P.(3)      Interest in controlled corporation   778,181,818 (L)             59.02%
     Relevant Shareholders of Xuxi Holding(3)          Interest in controlled corporation    95,915,590 (L)              7.27%
     Zhu Hongbing (朱紅兵)(3)                             Interest in controlled corporation   831,227,272 (L)             63.04%
     Cui Yifan (崔一帆)(3)                                Interest in controlled corporation   831,227,272 (L)             63.04%
     Shanghai Zhenghesheng Enterprise                  Beneficial interest                  109,090,909 (L)              8.27%
       Management Partnership (Limited Partnership)*
       (上海正闔盛企業管理合夥企業(有限合夥))
       (“Shanghai Zhenghesheng”)(4)
     Relevant Shareholders of Shanghai                 Interest in controlled corporation   109,090,909 (L)              8.27%
       Zhenghesheng    (4)


     Shanghai Shengren Enterprise Management           Beneficial interest                     90,666,667                6.88%
       Partnership (Limited Partnership)*
       (上海晟荏企業管理合夥企業(有限合夥))
       (“Shanghai Shengren”)(5)
     Relevant Shareholder of Shanghai Shengren(5)      Interest in controlled corporation      90,666,667                6.88%
     Relevant Shareholders of Shanghai Shengren        Interest in controlled corporation      97,437,667                7.39%
       and Shanghai Xinlun(5)




50       Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT



Notes:


(1)      The letter “L” denotes long position in Shares.


(2)      The percentages were calculated based on the total number of 1,318,466,823 issued Shares as of December 31, 2025.


(3)      Bayway Fund L.P. is an exempted limited partnership registered in the Cayman Islands with Rose Violet X Limited (“Rose Violet
         X”) as its sole general partner. Rose Violet X is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Wineberry X Limited (“Wineberry X”), which in
         turn is owned as to 80% by Crimson X Limited (“Crimson X”), the sole shareholder of which is Ms. Xu Xu (徐旭) (“Ms. Xu”). In
         respect of the limited partners of Bayway Fund L.P., each of (i) Verdancy C Limited (a company incorporated in the British Virgin
         Islands and is owned as to 90% by Best Power SG Capital Pte. Ltd., a Singapore incorporated private company limited by shares,
         which in turn is wholly owned by Marine Green C Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands and wholly-
         owned by Chen Hua (陳樺), the sister of the executive Director Chen Haoyang (陳昊陽)) and (ii) Lavender J Limited (a company
         incorporated in the British Virgin Islands and is owned as to 90% by Ultramarine H Limited, which is a company incorporated
         in the British Virgin Islands and wholly-owned by Huang Zhuguang (黃柱光)), is interested in more than one-third of the
         partnership interests in Bayway Fund L.P.. Moreover, the remaining 10% of the shareholding interests in Lavender J Limited is
         owned by Amethyst J Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands and wholly-owned by Jiang Yanrong (蔣豔榮),
         who is the spouse of Huang Zhuguang. By virtue of SFO, Rose Violet X, Wineberry X, Crimson X, Verdancy C Limited, Best Power
         SG Capital Pte. Ltd., Marine Green C Limited, Chen Hua, Lavender J Limited, Ultramarine H Limited, Huang Zhuguang, Amethyst
         J Limited and Jiang Yanrong (together, the “Relevant Shareholders of Bayway Fund L.P.”) are deemed to be interested in
         the Shares held by Bayway Fund L.P..


         Sugar Berry Limited (“Sugar Berry”) holds 33,090,909 Shares in the Company, representing approximately 2.51% of the
         shareholding interest in the Company as of December 31, 2025. Sugar Berry is a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands
         and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Shanghai Huijin Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (上海琿金企業管
         理合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership established in the PRC with Beijing Baihui Investment Fund Management Company
         Limited* (北京佰惠投資基金管理有限公司) (“Baihui Investment Fund”) being the sole general partner and Anhui Beiyi Huijin
         Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (安徽北醫匯金股權投資合夥企業(有限合夥)) (“Anhui Beiyi Huijin”) being
         the limited partner. Anhui Beiyi Huijin is a limited partnership established in the PRC with Baihui Investment Fund being the
         sole general partner. Baihui Investment Fund in turn is owned as to 80% by Ms. Xu. To the best knowledge of the Directors,
         Gongqingcheng Yusheng Investment Management Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (共青城鈺晟投資管理合夥企業(有限合夥)),
         a limited partnership established in the PRC, is the only limited partner and is interested in one-third or more of the partnership
         interests in Anhui Beiyi Huijin. Gongqingcheng Yusheng Investment Management Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (共青城鈺
         晟投資管理合夥企業(有限合夥)) in turn is owned as to 98.33% by an individual who is the father of a substantial shareholder of
         Henan Baihui Medical Investment Management Co., Ltd.* (河南佰惠醫療投資管理有限公司), one of the Group’s subsidiaries.


         Cheery Smiley Limited (“Cheery Smiley”) holds 13,454,545 Shares in the Company, representing approximately 1.02% of
         the shareholding interest in the Company as of December 31, 2025. Cheery Smiley is a company incorporated in the British
         Virgin Islands and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Shanghai Huifang Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited Partnership)*
         (上海琿方企業管理合夥企業(有限合夥)) (“Shanghai Huifang”), a limited partnership established in the PRC with Baihui
         Investment Fund being the sole general partner and Anhui Beiyi Huifang being the limited partner. Anhui Beiyi Huifang is a
         limited partnership established in the PRC with Baihui Investment Fund being the sole general partner. Baihui Investment Fund
         in turn is owned as to 80% by Ms. Xu. To the best knowledge of the Directors, Beijing Hopson Jiaye Property Management
         Company Limited* (北京合生嘉業物業管理有限公司), a limited company established in the PRC, is the only limited partner and
         is interested in one-third or more of the partnership interests in Anhui Beiyi Huifang. Beijing Hopson Jiaye Property Management
         Company Limited* (北京合生嘉業物業管理有限公司) in turn is owned as to 97.79% by an individual who is an Independent
         Third Party.




                                                                                                                 2025 Annual Report            51
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT



          Backspace Limited (“Backspace”) holds 6,500,000 Shares in the Company, representing approximately 0.49% of the
          shareholding interest in the Company as of December 31, 2025. Backspace is a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands
          and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Shanghai Huitong Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (上海琿通企
          業管理合夥企業(有限合夥)) (“Shanghai Huitong”), a limited partnership established in the PRC with Baihui Investment Fund
          being the sole general partner and Anhui Beiyi Huitong being the limited partner. Anhui Beiyi Huitong is a limited partnership
          established in the PRC with Baihui Investment Fund being the sole general partner. Baihui Investment Fund in turn is owned as to
          80% by Ms. Xu. To the best knowledge of the Directors, Shanghai Yuzheng Zerong Enterprise Management Company Limited*
          (上海毓正澤榮企業管理有限公司), a limited company established in the PRC, is the only limited partner and is interested in one-
          third or more of the partnership interests in Anhui Beiyi Huitong. Shanghai Yuzheng Zerong Enterprise Management Company
          Limited* (上海毓正澤榮企業管理有限公司) in turn is owned as to 80% by an individual who is an Independent Third Party.
          As a result of her control in Baihui Investment Fund, which in turn indirectly controls each of Sugar Berry, Cheery Smiley and
          Backspace, by virtue of the SFO, Ms. Xu are deemed to be interested in the total Shares directly held by each of Sugar Berry,
          Cheery Smiley and Backspace.


          Xuxi Holding Ltd. (“Xuxi Holding”) is a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of
          Shanghai Xuxi Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (上海栩西企業管理合夥企業(有限合夥)) (“Shanghai
          Xuxi Management”), a limited partnership established in the PRC with Cui Yifan (崔一帆) being the sole general partner and
          Shanghai Xukun Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.* (上海栩琨企業管理有限公司) (“Shanghai Xukun Management”) being
          the limited partner. Shanghai Xukun Management is a company established in the PRC which in turn is owned as to 67% by
          Zhu Hongbing (朱紅兵) and as to 33% by Cui Yifan (崔一帆). Cui Yifan (崔一帆) is a director of subsidiaries of the Group, and
          the son of Zhu Hongbing (朱紅兵). By virtue of the SFO, each of Shanghai Xuxi Management and Shanghai Xukun Management
          (together, “Relevant Shareholders of Xuxi Holding”) are deemed to be interested in the total Shares directly held by Xuxi
          Holding. Pursuant to the arrangement under the Concert Party Agreements, Bayway Fund L.P. and Xuxi Holding has agreed to,
          among others, vote unanimously at all shareholders’ meetings and directors’ meetings, discuss and reach consensus with each
          other before proposing to shareholders’ meetings and directors’ meetings, and act in concert, in respect of all key operations
          and development matters of the Company. By virtue of the SFO, each of Ms. Xu, Zhu Hongbing (朱紅兵) and Cui Yifan (崔一帆),
          are deemed to be interested in the total Shares directly held by Bayway Fund L.P., Xuxi Holding, Sugar Berry, Cheery Smiley and
          Backspace.


 (4)      To the best knowledge of the Directors, Zhengqi (Beijing) Asset Management Co., Ltd.* (正奇(北京)資產管理有限公司)
          (“Zhengqi (Beijing)”), a limited liability company established in the PRC, is the general partner of Shanghai Zhenghesheng.
          Zhengqi (Beijing) is wholly-owned by Zhengqi Holdings Corporation* (正奇控股股份有限公司) (“Zhengqi Holdings”), which is
          in turn owned as to 94.62% by Legend Holdings Corporation* (聯想控股股份有限公司), a joint stock limited liability company
          established under the laws of PRC and its overseas listed shares are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (Stock Code:
          03396). Zhengqi Holdings is the sole limited partner of Shanghai Zhenghesheng and is interested in one-third or more of the
          partnership interests in Shanghai Zhenghesheng. By virtue of the SFO, Zhengqi (Beijing), Zhengqi Holdings, and Legend Holdings
          Corporation* (聯想控股股份有限公司) (together “Shanghai Zhenghesheng Shareholders”) are deemed to be interested in
          the Shares held by Shanghai Zhenghesheng.




52     Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT



(5)    To the best knowledge of the Directors, Shenzhen Huaxin Capital Management Co., Ltd.* (深圳市華信資本管理有限公
       司) (“SZ Huaxin Capital Management”), a limited liability company established in the PRC, is the general partner of
       Shanghai Shengren. Shenzhen Huaxin Capital Management Co., Ltd.* (深圳市華信資本管理有限公司) (“SZ Huaxin Capital
       Management”) is owned as to 37% by Chuhou (Shenzhen) Management Center (Limited Partnership)* (處厚(深圳)管理中心
       (有限合夥)) (“Chuhou SZ”), the general partner of which is an individual who is an Independent Third Party. Chuhou SZ has
       a limited partner (being an individual) who is interested in one-third of the partnership interests in Chuhou SZ and is also an
       Independent Third Party (the said two individuals as “Chuhou SZ Individual Shareholders”). In addition, Luxin Venture Capital
       Group Co., Ltd* (魯信創業投資集團股份有限公司) (“Luxin Venture”), a joint stock limited liability company established under
       the laws of PRC, the shares of which are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 600783), has directly and indirectly
       through corporations controlled by it interested in 47% partnership interests in SZ Huaxin Capital Management in aggregate.
       In respect of the limited partners of Shanghai Shengren, (i) Shenzhen Zexin Management Center Partnership Enterprise (Limited
       Partnership)* (深圳市澤信管理中心合夥企業(有限合夥)) (“SZ Zexin Management”), a limited partnership established in the
       PRC whose general partner being Chuhou SZ, is interested in more than one-third of the partnership interests in Shanghai
       Shengren. SZ Zexin Management does not have any limited partners being interested in one-third or more of the partnership
       interests in SZ Zexin Management; (ii) three other limited partners of Shanghai Shengren, namely, Chengdu Luxin Jingrong Phase
       II Venture Capital Center (Limited Partnership)* (成都魯信菁蓉貳期創業投資中心(有限合夥)) (“CD Luxin Phase II”), Shandong
       Luxin New and Old Momentum Conversion Venture Capital Fund of Funds Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (山東省魯信新舊
       動能轉換創投母基金合夥企業(有限合夥)) (“SD Luxin Momentum”) and Wuxi Jintou Luxin Venture Capital Partnership (Limited
       Partnership)* (無錫金投魯信創業投資合夥企業(有限合夥)) (“WX Jintou Luxin”), each being a limited partnership established in
       the PRC, individually are not interested in one-third or more of the partnership interests in Shanghai Shengren, but each of CD
       Luxin Phase II, SD Luxin Momentum and WX Jintou Luxin is having Shandong High-tech Venture Capital Co., Ltd.* (山東省高新
       技術創業投資有限公司) (“SD High-tech Venture”), a limited company established in the PRC which is wholly owned by Luxin
       Venture, as general partner and/or their respective largest limited partner.


       Shanghai Xinlun Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (上海信倫企業管理合夥企業(有限合夥)) (“Shanghai
       Xinlun”), a limited partnership established in the PRC, holds 6,771,000 Shares in the Company, representing approximately
       0.51% of the shareholding interest in the Company as of December 31, 2025. To the best knowledge of the Directors, SZ
       Huaxin Capital Management is the general partner of Shanghai Xinlun. Shanghai Xinlun has a limited partner, Wuxi Luxin Third
       Venture Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (無錫魯信叁期創業投資合夥企業(有限合夥)) (“Luxin Third Venture”),
       which is interested in more than one-third of the partnership interests in Shanghai Xinlun. Luxin Third Venture is a limited
       partnership established in the PRC and whose general partner is also SZ Huaxin Capital Management, and its largest limited
       partner being entities ultimately controlled and/or owned by Luxin Venture as to more than one-third of the equity interests.


       By virtue of SFO, (i) each of SZ Huaxin Capital Management, Chuhou SZ, Chuhou SZ Individual Shareholders, SD High-tech
       Venture and Luxin Venture (together, the “Relevant Shareholders of Shanghai Shengren and Shanghai Xinlun”) are
       deemed to be interests in the Shares held by Shanghai Shengren and Shanghai Xinlun, and SZ Zexin Management is deemed to
       be interested in the Shares held by Shanghai Shengren (the “Relevant Shareholder of Shanghai Shengren”).


Save as disclosed above, as of December 31, 2025, the Directors and the chief executive of the Company are not aware
of any other person (other than the Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in
the Shares or underlying Shares which would be required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange under
the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or which would be required to be recorded in the register to be
kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                                                              2025 Annual Report          53
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT



 DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
 Other than the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme as disclosed in the section headed “Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme” of
 this annual report, at no time during the Reporting Period was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any
 arrangement that would enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of Shares in, or debentures of,
 the Company or any other body corporate, and none of the Directors or any of their spouses or children under the age of
 18 were granted any right to subscribe for the equity or debt securities of the Company or any other body corporate or
 had exercised any such right.


 PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
 Neither the Company nor its subsidiary had purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including
 sale of treasury shares, if any) during the Reporting Period. As of December 31, 2025, the Company did not hold any
 treasury shares.


 MATERIAL INVESTMENTS, ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS
 As of December 31, 2025, there was no significant investment held by the Company, nor were there any material
 acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures during the Reporting Period.


 USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE GLOBAL OFFERING
 The Shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on June 23, 2025. The net proceeds
 from the Global Offering amounted to approximately HKD473.1 million. The Company intends to use the net proceeds
 in the same matter and proportion as set out in the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” of the Prospectus
 and there has been no change in the intended use of the net proceeds and the expected timeline. The following table
 sets forth the status of the use of the net proceeds from the Global Offering as of December 31, 2025:

                                                                                                      Amount utilized
                                                                                                       during the year            Amount
                                                                 Percentage of        Net proceeds       ended and up      unutilized as of   Expected timeline
                                                               intended use of    from the Global     to December 31,        December 31,     of full utilization of
 Intended use of net proceeds                                     net proceeds            Offering               2025                 2025    the net proceeds
                                                                            (%)   (In HKD millions)   (In HKD millions)   (In HKD millions)

 To continuously strengthen the full-cycle oncology                       35.7                169                 18.2              150.8     By the end of 2027
    healthcare services
 Strengthening capabilities of screening and early detection              10.5                49.8                 2.4                47.4    By the end of 2027
    of cancer services
 Strengthening oncology treatment services capabilities                   16.3                77.3                11.7                65.6    By the end of 2027
 Strengthening rehabilitation services capabilities                        2.8                13.0                 4.1                 8.9    By the end of 2027
 Construction of the Oncology Center Building for Wuzhi                    6.1                28.9                   –                28.9    By the end of 2027
    Jimin Hospital
 To acquire hospitals when appropriate                                    30.6              144.9                    –              144.9     By the end of 2027
    opportunities arise
 To expand the hospital management business                               15.3                72.4                   –                72.4    By the end of 2027
 To upgrade the IT infrastructure and/or systems                          10.2                48.3                 8.7                39.6    By the end of 2027
 Working capital and other general corporate purposes                      8.1                38.5                 6.8                31.7    By the end of 2027
 Total                                                                   100.0              473.1                 33.7              439.4




54    Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                                                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT



The current expected timeframe for utilizing the remaining unused net proceeds in full are based on the best estimation
by the Directors barring any unforeseen circumstances and may be subject to change based on the Group’s operating
conditions and prevailing and future development of market conditions. The Directors will assess the plans for the use of
the unutilized net proceeds on an ongoing basis and may revise or modify such plans where necessary to respond to the
changing market conditions with a view to promoting a better growth and development of the Group. The Group will
continue to evaluate the use of the unutilized net proceeds cautiously and monitor the market conditions closely to adjust
the use of the unutilized net proceeds from the fund raising activities by the Group where necessary for the long-term
development of the Group. The Company will make appropriate announcement(s) in due course in accordance with and
if required under the Listing Rules should there be any material change in the intended use of the unutilized net proceeds.


LITIGATION AND COMPLIANCE
During the Reporting Period, the Group did not commit any material non-compliance of the laws and regulations, and did
not experience any non-compliance incident, which taken as a whole, in the opinion of the Directors, is likely to have a
material and adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition or results of operations.


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
For the year ended December 31, 2025, there is no related party transaction or continuing related party transaction which
constitutes connected transaction or continuing connected transaction and is subject to disclosure requirements under
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
As far as the Board and management are aware, the Group has complied in all material aspects with the relevant laws
and regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group. During the Reporting Period,
there was no material breach of, or non-compliance with, applicable laws and regulations by the Group.


ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
The AGM will be held on June 16, 2026. A notice convening the AGM will be published on the HKEXnews website of
the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the website of the Company (www.bayzedhealthcare.com) and will be
dispatched to the Shareholders who have requested corporate communications in printed copy in accordance with the
requirement of the Listing Rules in due course.


FINAL DIVIDEND
The Board has resolved not to declare any final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2025. (For the year ended
December 31, 2024: Nil)


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the laws of the Cayman Islands that
would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to existing Shareholders.




                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report      55
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT



 TAXATION
 Tax position of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2025 is set out in Note 7 to the consolidated financial
 statements.


 TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION
 The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of the
 Company’s listed securities. If any of the Shareholders is unsure about the taxation implications of purchasing, holding,
 disposing of, dealing in, or the exercise of any rights in relation to the Shares, he or she is advised to consult an expert.


 BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS
 Particulars of bank and other borrowings of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out in Note 21
 to the consolidated financial statements.


 PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
 In accordance with Article 44 of the Articles of Association, the Directors and other officers shall be indemnified out of
 the assets of the Company against any liability, action, proceeding, claim, demand, costs, damages or expenses, including
 legal expenses, whatsoever which they or any of them may incur as a result of any act or failure to act in carrying out
 their functions other than such liability (if any) that they may incur by reason of their own actual fraud or wilful default.


 The Company has maintained directors’ liability insurance to protect the Directors of the Company against any potential
 losses arising from his/her actual or alleged misconduct during the Reporting Period.


 SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
 Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors,
 throughout the year ended 31 December 2025 and as at the date of this Annual Report, 36.96% of the Company’s
 total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares) were held by the public. Details of the Company’s remaining
 ownership of its shares are set out under the paragraph headed “Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and Short Positions
 in Shares and Underlying Shares” in this annual report.


 As at December 31, 2025, the Company had 1,318,466,823 issued ordinary shares. Details of the share capital are set
 out in Note 24 to the financial statements.


 AUDIT COMMITTEE
 As of the date of this annual report, the Audit Committee comprises three independent non-executive Directors, namely
 Mr. Chan Hok Leung, Ms. Liu Shuang and Dr. Guo Wei. Mr. Chan Hok Leung is the chairperson of the Audit Committee
 who possesses appropriate professional qualifications as required by Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the Listing Rules. The Audit
 Committee has reviewed the annual results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 and has recommended
 for the Board’s approval thereof.


 The Audit Committee has reviewed, together with the Company’s management, the accounting principles and policies
 adopted by the Group and the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025.
 The Audit Committee considered that the annual results of the Group are in compliance with the applicable accounting
 standards, laws and regulations, and the Company has made appropriate disclosures thereof.



56   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A summary of the Group’ s financial results, assets and liabilities for the last four financial years are set out on page 140
of this annual report. This summary does not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.


DONATION
During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group made a total of charitable donations of approximately RMB0.6
million.


COMPLIANCE WITH NON-COMPETITION UNDERTAKING
As disclosed in the Prospectus, the Group’s Controlling Shareholders entered into a non-competition undertaking (“Non-
competition Undertaking”) in favour of the Company on June 9, 2025.


Pursuant to the Non-competition Undertaking, each of the Controlling Shareholders has undertaken, during the Relevant
Period (as defined under the Prospectus), that they shall not and shall procure their respective close associates and/or
companies controlled by them (other than the Group) not, directly or indirectly, be interested or involved or engaged in or
carry out or concern with or acquire or hold any right or interest in any business which competes or is likely to compete
directly or indirectly with the business currently and from time to time engaged by the Group in the PRC and any other
country or jurisdiction in which the Group carries on such business and/or in which any member of the Group carries
on business mentioned above currently and from time to time. For details of the Non-competition Undertaking, please
refer to the section headed “Relationship with our Controlling Shareholders – Non-Competition Undertaking” in the
Prospectus.


Each of them has confirmed in writing to the Company of their compliance with the Non-competition Undertaking for
disclosure in this annual report during the year ended December 31, 2025. No new business opportunity was informed by
them as of December 31, 2025.


The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the implementation of the Non-competition Undertaking and are
of the view that the Non-competition Undertaking has been complied with for the year ended December 31, 2025.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Details of the corporate governance of the Group are set out in the section headed “Corporate Governance Report” in
this annual report.


POST-IPO SHARE OPTION SCHEME
On August 8, 2023, the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme was conditionally approved and adopted pursuant to written
resolutions passed by the Shareholders and subsequently amended on June 9, 2025. The Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
is effective for a period of 10 years commencing from June 23, 2025. The remaining life of the Share Option Scheme
is approximately nine years and two months. The Post-IPO Share Option Scheme is a share incentive scheme prepared
in accordance with Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. The principal terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme are
summarised as follows:




                                                                                                    2025 Annual Report          57
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT



 The purpose of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme is to (i) motivate the eligible participants to optimize their performance
 efficiency for the benefit of the Group; and (ii) attract and retain the eligible participants whose contributions are or will
 be beneficial to the long-term growth of the Group.


 The Board may, at its discretion, offer to grant an option to any eligible participants, which includes any director and
 employee of the Company or any of the subsidiaries (including persons who are granted options under the Post-IPO Share
 Option Scheme as an inducement to enter into employment contracts with the Company and/or any of the subsidiaries)
 to subscribe for such number of new Shares as the Board may determine at an exercise price determined in accordance
 with the rules of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.


 The maximum number of Shares in respect of which options and awards may be granted under the Post-IPO Share
 Option Scheme and any other share schemes of the Company must not in aggregate exceed 98,130,435 ordinary
 Shares in the share capital of the Company which shall not in aggregate exceed 10% of the total number of Shares in
 issue immediately following the completion of the Global Offering (i.e. 131,846,682 Shares) (the “Scheme Limit”). The
 Company may issue new Shares to the relevant grantee to satisfy the awards upon exercise of the options granted under
 the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.


 The maximum number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the share options granted to any one eligible
 participant (including exercised and outstanding share options) in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the Shares
 in issue from time to time.


 The subscription price in respect of any particular share option shall be such price as the Board may in its absolute
 discretion determine at the time of grant of the relevant share option (and shall be stated in the letter containing the
 offer of the grant of the share option), but the subscription price shall be the highest of: (a) the closing price of Shares as
 stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the offer date; and (b) the average of the closing prices of Shares as
 stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet for the five business days immediately preceding the offer date. The
 subscription price shall also be subject to adjustment in accordance with the rankings of share.


 Subject to the approval of the Shareholders in general meeting in compliance with the relevant Listing Rules, the Scheme
 Limit may be refreshed by ordinary resolution of the Shareholders in general meeting from time to time. Any refreshment
 within any three-year period from the date of the Shareholders’ approval for the last refreshment (or from the effective
 date of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, being the Listing Date) must be approved by the Shareholders subject to
 certain provisions.


 As of December 31, 2025 and up to the date of this annual report, no options had been granted, agreed to be granted,
 exercised, cancelled or lapsed pursuant to the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and therefore the total number of options
 available for grant under the Scheme Limit was 131,846,682 Shares, representing 10% of the issued Shares.


 During the Reporting Period, there were no options granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. Therefore, the
 number of shares that may be issued in respect of options granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, divided by
 the weighted average number of Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) as of December 31, 2025, is nil.




58   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



As no options had been granted or agreed to be granted since the adoption of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, (i)
no share options under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme were outstanding as of December 31, 2025; and (ii) no share
options had been exercised, vested, cancelled or lapsed under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme during the Reporting
Period.


The Board shall, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and the Listing
Rules, be entitled to but shall not be bound, at any time on any business day during the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
period offer to grant an option to any eligible participant whom the Board may in its absolute discretion select and subject
to such conditions (including, without limitation, the vesting period and/or any performance targets) as it may think fit.


An option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme at any time after the date
upon which the option is deemed to be granted and accepted and prior to the expiry of ten years from that date. The
period during which an option may be exercised will be determined by the Board in its absolute discretion, save that no
option may be exercised more than ten years after it has been granted. No option may be granted more than ten years
after the Listing Date. Subject to earlier termination by the Company in general meeting or by the Board, the Post-IPO
Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of ten years from the Listing Date.


APPRECIATION


On behalf of the Board, I would like to express the sincere gratitude to medical professions, patients and business partners
for their trust in the Company, the staff and management team for their diligence, dedication, loyalty and integrity, and
the Shareholders for their continuous support.


                                                                                                 By order of the Board
                                                                                              Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                                                                    (佰澤醫療集團)
                                                                                                 Dr. Chen Haoyang
                                                                                           Chairman and Executive Director


Hong Kong, March 31, 2026




                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report      59
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


 The board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of the Company is pleased to report to the shareholders of the
 Company (the “Shareholders”) on the corporate governance of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025.


 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CULTURE AND VALUE
 The Company is committed to ensuring that its affairs are conducted in accordance with high ethical standards. This
 reflects its belief that, in the achievement of its long-term objectives, it is imperative to act with probity, transparency and
 accountability. By so acting, the Company believes that Shareholder wealth will be maximised in the long term and that
 its employees, those with whom it does business and the communities in which it operates will all benefit.


 Corporate governance is the process by which the Board instructs management of the Group to conduct its affairs with
 a view to ensuring that its objectives are met. The Board is committed to maintaining and developing robust corporate
 governance practices that are intended to ensure:


 –      satisfactory and sustainable returns to Shareholders;


 –      that the interests of those who deal with the Company are safeguarded;


 –      that overall business risk is understood and managed appropriately;


 –      the delivery of high-quality products and services to the satisfaction of customers; and


 –      that high standards of ethics are maintained.


 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
 The Board is committed to achieving high corporate governance standards.


 The Board believes that high corporate governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the Company
 to safeguard the interests of Shareholders, enhance corporate value, formulate its business strategies and policies, and
 enhance its transparency and accountability.


 The Company has adopted the principles and code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”)
 contained in Appendix C1 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange
 of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) as the basis of the Company’s corporate governance practices.


 The Board is of the view that the Company has complied with all the applicable code provisions set out in Part 2 of the
 CG Code from the Listing Date to the date of this report.




60   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
The Company has adopted the Model Code as the Group’s code of conduct regarding the Directors’ securities
transactions. Having made specific enquiry of all the Directors, each of the Directors has confirmed that he/she has
complied with the required standards as set out in the Model Code from the Listing Date to 31 December 2025.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Company is headed by an effective Board which assumes responsibility for its leadership and control and be
collectively responsible for promoting the Company’s success by directing and supervising the Company’s affairs. Directors
take decisions objectively in the best interests of the Company.


The Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the
Company’s business and regularly reviews the contribution required from a Director to perform his responsibilities to the
Company and whether the Director is spending sufficient time performing them that are commensurate with their role
and the Board responsibilities. The Board includes a balanced composition of executive Directors (including independent
non-executive Directors) so that there is a strong independent element on the Board, which can effectively exercise
independent judgement.


BOARD COMPOSITION
The Board comprises the following during the Relevant Period and up to the date of this annual report:


Executive Directors
Mr. Zhao Yongkai (趙永凱)
Ms. Xu Xu (徐旭)
Dr. Chen Haoyang (陳昊陽)
Mr. Lu Jizhong (盧繼忠)
Mr. Feng Yu (馮宇)


Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Chan Hok Leung (陳學良)
Ms. Liu Shuang (劉爽)
Dr. Guo Wei (郭衛)


The biographical information of the Directors including the relationships among the members of the Board are set out in
the section headed “Directors Biographies” of this Annual Report.


Each Director has confirmed that (i) he/she has obtained legal advice as referred to in rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules on
31 October 2023, and (ii) he/she understands his/her obligations as a Director of a listed issuer under the Listing Rules.


To the best knowledge of the Company, no Director has any personal relationship (including financial, business, family or
other material or relevant relationship) with any other Director or any key executive.




                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report      61
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



 BOARD MEETINGS AND DIRECTORS’ ATTENDANCE RECORDS
 Pursuant to code provision C.5.1 of the CG Code, regular Board meetings should be held at least four times a year
 involving active participation, either in person or through electronic means of communication, of a majority of Directors. As
 the Shares were only listed on 23 June 2025, the code provision C.5.1 is not applicable to the Company throughout the
 year. Since the Listing Date to 31 December 2025, three Board meetings were held.


 From 1 January 2026 onwards, the Board will meet regularly and schedule to meet at least four times every year at
 approximately quarterly intervals in accordance with the CG Code.


 The Company adopts the practice of holding Board meetings regularly, at least four times a year, either in person or
 through electronic means of communication, and at approximately quarterly intervals. Directors may participate in
 meeting either in person or through electronic means of communication. All Directors are given not less than 14 days’
 notice for regular Board meetings. For other Board and Board committee meetings, reasonable notice will be given.


 The agenda and the accompanying meeting papers are sent in full to all Directors or relevant committee members at
 least three working days before the date of meetings (or such other period as the members may agree). The Directors are
 allowed to include into the draft agenda any additional matters that they wish to discuss and resolve at this meeting.


 Minutes of each Board and Board committees’ meeting record in sufficient details the matters considered, and decisions
 made, including any concerns or views of the Directors or the relevant committee members or dissenting views expressed.
 Final version of minutes is circulated to all Directors or committee members for their perusal prior to confirmation of the
 minutes at the subsequent Board or Board committees’ meeting. The Directors or committee members may request for
 clarification or raise comments before the minutes are tabled for confirmation. Upon receiving confirmation from the
 Directors or committee members, the minutes will be signed by the chairman of the meeting as a correct record of the
 proceedings of the meeting and kept by the accounts department of the Company, and are open for inspection at any
 reasonable time on reasonable notice given by any Director or committee member.


 A summary of the attendance records of the Directors at the Board meetings held during the period from the Listing Date
 to 31 December 2025 is set out below:

                                                                          Attendance/Number of Meetings
                                                                          Audit   Remuneration       Nomination   Annual General
 Name of Director                                          Board      Committee      Committee        Committee         Meeting

 Executive Directors
 Dr, Chen Haoyang                                            3/3            N/A             N/A             N/A             N/A
 Mr. Zhao Yongkai                                            3/3            N/A             1/1             1/1             N/A
 Ms. Xu Xu                                                   3/3            N/A             N/A             N/A             N/A
 Mr. Lu Jizhong                                              3/3            N/A             N/A             N/A             N/A
 Mr. Feng Yu                                                 3/3            N/A             N/A             N/A             N/A


 Independent non-executive Directors
 Mr. Chan Hok Leung                                          3/3            3/3             1/1             1/1             N/A
 Ms. Liu Shuang                                              3/3            3/3             1/1             1/1             N/A
 Dr. Guo Wei                                                 3/3            3/3             N/A             N/A             N/A




62   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



RESPONSIBILITIES, ACCOUNTABILITIES AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE BOARD AND
MANAGEMENT
The Board assumes the responsibility for leadership and control of the Company; and is collectively responsible for
directing and supervising the Company’s affairs.

The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides direction to management by laying down
strategies and overseeing their implementation, monitors the Group’s operational and financial performance, and ensures
that sound internal control and risk management systems are in place.

All Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable business
experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective functioning. The independent non-
executive Directors are responsible for ensuring a high standard of regulatory reporting of the Company and providing a
balance in the Board for bringing effective independent judgement on corporate actions and operations.

All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and may, upon request, seek independent
professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their duties to the Company.

The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them.

The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal control and
risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial information,
appointment of Directors and other significant operational matters of the Company. Responsibilities relating to
implementing decisions of the Board, directing and co-ordinating the daily operation and management of the Company
are delegated to the management.


DIRECTORS’ AND OFFICERS’ LIABILITIES INSURANCE
The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage on Directors’ and officers’ liabilities in respect of any legal
actions taken against Directors and senior management arising out of corporate activities. The insurance coverage would
be reviewed on an annual basis.


CHAIRMAN AND PRESIDENT
With effect from September 26, 2025, Mr. Zhao Yong Kai resigned from the position of Chairman and Dr. Chen Haoyang
was appointed as the Chairman.

With effect from December 29, 2025, Mr. Lyu Chao was appointed as the president of the Company.

Code provision C.2.1. of the CG Code stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and
should not be performed by the same individual. The positions of Chairman and President are held by Dr. Chen Haoyang
and Mr. Lyu Chao, respectively, thus we have complied with code provision C.2.1. The division of responsibilities between
the Chairman and the President has been clearly established.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
From the Listing Date to the date of this report, the Board at all times met the requirements of the Listing Rules relating
to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors representing one-third of the Board with one
of whom possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise. The
Company has also complied with the requirement under rule 3.10A of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of
independent non-executive Directors representing at least one-third of the Board.

                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report      63
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



 The Company has received a written annual confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in
 respect of his/her independence in accordance with the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.
 The Company is of the view that all independent non-executive Directors are independent.


 BOARD INDEPENDENCE EVALUATION
 The Company has established a Board Independence Evaluation Mechanism during the year which sets out the processes
 and procedures to ensure a strong independent element on the Board, which allows the Board effectively exercises
 independent judgment to better safeguard Shareholders’ interests.


 The objectives of the evaluation are to improve Board effectiveness, maximise strengths, and identify the areas that need
 improvement or further development. The evaluation process also clarifies what actions of the Company need to be taken
 to maintain and improve the Board performance, for instance, addressing individual training and development needs of
 each Director.


 Pursuant to the Board Independence Evaluation Mechanism, the Board will conduct annual review on its independence.
 The Board Independence Evaluation Report will be presented to the Board which will collectively discuss the results and
 the action plan for improvement, if appropriate.


 Up to the date of this report, all Directors has completed the independence evaluation individually. The Board
 Independence Evaluation Report was presented to the Board and the evaluation results were satisfactory.


 Up to the date of this report, the Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Board Independence
 Evaluation Mechanism and the results were satisfactory.


 APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
 The non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) are appointed for a specific term of 3 years,
 subject to renewal after the expiry of the then current term.


 The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are set out in the Articles of Association
 of the Company and the nomination policy of the Company. The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the
 Board composition, assessing the independence of independent non-executive Directors and making recommendations to
 the Board on the appointment or re-election of Directors and succession planning for Directors.


 Under Article 26.4 of the Articles of Association, at each annual general meeting, one-third of the Directors for the time
 being (or, if their number is not a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one-third) shall retire from
 office by rotation provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years.
 Article 26.3 of the Articles of Association also provides that any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy
 shall be subject to re-election by shareholders at the first annual general meeting after appointment and any Director
 appointed by the Board as an addition to the Board shall be eligible for re-election at the next following annual general
 meeting. Dr. Chen Haoyang, Ms. Xu Xu, Mr. Lu Jizhong, Mr. Feng Yu, Mr. Chan Hok Leung and Ms. Liu Shuang are
 subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at the AGM. The retiring Directors shall be eligible for re-election.




64   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS
Directors shall keep abreast of regulatory developments and changes in order to effectively perform their responsibilities
and to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.


Every newly appointed Director has received a formal and comprehensive induction on the first occasion of his/her
appointment to ensure appropriate understanding of the business and operations of the Company and full awareness of
Director’s responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements.


Pursuant to the applicable code provisions as set out in the CG Code, all Directors should participate in appropriate
continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills. This is to ensure that their
contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant. During the year ended 31 December 2025 and prior to the
Listing, all Directors have participated in continuous professional development by attending training course or external
seminars to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills in relation to their contribution to the Board.


All Directors are encouraged to attend relevant training courses at the Company’s expenses.


The training records of the Directors for the year ended 31 December 2025 are summarized as follows:


Directors                                                                                                        Type of TrainingNote

Executive Directors
Mr. Zhao Yongkai (趙永凱)                                                                                                                *A
Ms. Xu Xu (徐旭)                                                                                                                        *A
Dr. Chen Haoyang (陳昊陽)                                                                                                                *A
Mr. Lu Jizhong (盧繼忠)                                                                                                                  *A
Mr. Feng Yu (馮宇)                                                                                                                      *A


Independent Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Chan Hok Leung (陳學良)                                                                                                              *A
Ms. Liu Shuang (劉爽)                                                                                                                   *A
Dr. Guo Wei (郭衛)                                                                                                                      *A


Notes:


Types of Training
A:       Attending training sessions, including but not limited to briefings, seminars, conferences and workshops
B:       Reading relevant news alerts, newspapers, journals, magazines and relevant publications
C:       Reading documents on various topics, including directors’ duties, notifiable and connected transactions, conflict of interests and
         the latest requirements under the Corporate Governance Code




                                                                                                                2025 Annual Report         65
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



 BOARD COMMITTEES
 The Board has established three committees, namely, the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination
 Committee (collectively, the “Board Committees”), for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. All
 Board committees of the Company are established with specific written terms of reference which deal clearly with their
 authority and duties. The terms of reference of the Board committees are posted on the Company’s website and the
 Stock Exchange’s website and are available to Shareholders upon request.


 The list of the chairperson and members of each Board committee is set out under “Corporate Information” on page 2.


 Audit Committee
 The Audit Committee comprises three members, namely Mr. Chan Hok Leung (independent non-executive Director), Ms.
 Liu Shuang (independent non-executive Director) and Dr. Guo Wei (independent non-executive Director). Mr. Chan Hok
 Leung is the chairman of the Audit Committee, and he has the appropriate professional experiences as required under
 Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the Listing Rules.


 The term of reference of the Audit Committee are of no less exacting terms than those set out in the CG Code. The
 primary duties of the Audit Committee are to assist the Board in reviewing the financial results and reporting process, risk
 management and internal control systems, effectiveness of the internal audit function, scope of audit and appointment of
 external auditors, and arrangements to enable employees of the Company to raise concerns about possible improprieties
 in financial reporting, internal control or other matters of the Company.


 The Audit Committee had reviewed, together with the management of the Company, the accounting principles and
 policies adopted by the Group and discussed internal controls and financial reporting matters including a review of the
 audited consolidated financial statements and annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025.


 During the period from the Listing Date to 31 December 2025, the Audit Committee held three meetings to, among
 others, review the Company’s unaudited consolidated interim results for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and
 confirmed that the applicable accounting principles, standards and requirements have been complied with, and that
 adequate disclosures have been made. The Audit Committee has also reviewed and discussed the risk management
 and internal control measures and systems of the Company, financial reporting and the appointment of the auditor.
 The Board had not deviated from any recommendation given by the Audit Committee on the selection, appointment,
 resignation or dismissal of the Auditor.


 Remuneration Committee
 The Remuneration Committee comprises three members, namely Ms. Liu Shuang (independent non-executive Director),
 Mr. Chan Hok Leung (independent non-executive Director) and Dr. Chen Haoyang (executive Director) (appointed on
 September 26, 2025). Mr. Zhao Yongkai has ceased as a member of the Remuneration Committee with effect from
 September 26, 2025. Ms. Liu Shuang is the chairlady of the Remuneration Committee.




66   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The term of reference of the Remuneration Committee are of no less exacting terms than those set out in the CG code.
The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee are to review and make recommendation to the Board on the
remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior management, the remuneration policy and structure
for all Directors and senior management and establishing transparent procedures for developing such remuneration policy
and structure to ensure that no Director or any of his/her associates will participate in deciding his/her own remuneration
and to assess the performance of executive director.


During the period from the Listing Date to 31 December 2025, the Remuneration Committee held one meeting, during
which the Remuneration Committee has, among others, reviewed the remuneration policy and structure of the Company,
assessed performance of the executive Directors and the senior management of the Company, approved the terms of
service contracts of the executive Directors and senior management of the Company and other related matters of the
Company.


The remuneration of the senior management (excluding Directors), whose biographical details are included in the section
headed “Directors and Senior Management” of this Annual Report, during the year falls within the following bands:


Annual remuneration (HKD)                                                                      Number of Individuals(Note)

HKD0 to HKD500,000                                                                                                        3
HKD500,001 to HKD1,000,000                                                                                                2


Note:   During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company had 5 members of the senior management, among which, Dr. Jiang
        Zheng resigned as a member of the senior management of the Company with effect from December 29, 2025.


The Company’s remuneration policy is to ensure that the remuneration offered to employees, including Directors
and senior management, is based on skill, knowledge, responsibilities and involvement in the Company’s affairs. The
remuneration packages of executive Directors are also determined with reference to the Company’s performance and
profitability, the prevailing market conditions and the performance or contribution of each executive Director. The
remuneration for the executive Directors comprises basic salary, pensions, performance/discretionary bonus and/or
share incentives. The remuneration policy for independent non-executive Directors is to ensure that independent non-
executive Directors are adequately compensated for their efforts and time dedicated to the Company’s affairs, including
their participation in Board committees. The remuneration for the independent non-executive Directors mainly comprises
Director’s fee which is determined with reference to their duties and responsibilities by the Board. Individual Directors and
senior management have not been involved in deciding their own remuneration.


The Remuneration Committee also made recommendations to the Board on the terms of service contracts or letters of
appointment of the new executive/independent non-executive Directors appointed during the year.


No material matters relating to share schemes (as defined under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules) were required to be
reviewed or approved by the Remuneration Committee during the Reporting Period.


Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee comprises three members, namely Dr. Chen Haoyang (executive Director) (appointed on
September 26, 2025), Mr. Chan Hok Leung (independent non-executive Director) and Ms. Liu Shuang (independent
non-executive Director). Mr. Zhao Yongkai has ceased as a chairman of the Nomination Committee with effect from
September 26, 2025. Dr. Chen Haoyang is the chairman of the Nomination Committee.


                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report       67
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



 The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are of no less exacting terms than those set out in the CG Code.
 The principal duties of the Nomination Committee include reviewing the Board composition, developing and formulating
 relevant procedures for the nomination and appointment of Directors, making recommendations to the Board on the
 appointment and succession planning of Directors, reviewing the Board Diversity Policy and the Director Nomination
 Policy and assessing the independence of independent non-executive Directors.


 In assessing the Board composition, the Nomination Committee would take into account various aspects as well as factors
 concerning Board diversity as set out in the Company’s Board Diversity Policy. The Nomination Committee would discuss
 and agree on measurable objectives for achieving diversity on the Board, where necessary, and recommend them to the
 Board for adoption.


 In identifying and selecting suitable candidates for directorships, the Nomination Committee would consider the
 candidate’s relevant criteria as set out in the Director Nomination Policy that are necessary to complement the corporate
 strategy and achieve Board diversity, where appropriate, before making recommendation to the Board.


 During the period from the Listing Date to 31 December 2025, the Nomination Committee held one meeting, during
 which the Nomination Committee has, among others, assessed the independence of independent non-executive
 Directors, reviewed the backgrounds of proposed Director and senior management and reviewed the structure, number,
 composition and diversity of the Board. The Nomination Committee considered an appropriate balance of diversity
 perspectives of the Board is maintained and has not set any measurable objective implementing the Board diversity policy.


 The Nomination Committee is to review the structure, size and composition of the Board and the independence of the
 independent non-executive Directors and to consider the qualifications of the retiring Directors standing for re-election
 at the Annual General Meeting, to review the Board Diversity Policy and Director Nomination Policy and to consider
 and recommend to the Board on the appointment of executive/independent non-executive Directors. The Nomination
 Committee considered an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives of the Board is maintained and has not set any
 measurable objective implementing the Board Diversity Policy.


 Board Diversity Policy
 The Company has adopted a Board Diversity Policy which sets out the objective and approach to achieve and maintain
 diversity of the Board in order to enhance the effectiveness of our Board. The Company recognizes and embraces the
 benefits of having a diverse Board and sees increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in maintaining
 the Company’s competitive advantage.


 Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, the Nomination Committee reviews regularly the structure, size and composition
 of the Board and where appropriate, make recommendations on changes to the Board to complement the Company’s
 corporate strategy and to ensure that the Board maintains a balanced diverse profile. In relation to reviewing and assessing
 the Board composition, the Nomination Committee is committed to diversity at all levels and will consider a number of
 aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional qualifications, skills,
 knowledge and regional and industry experience.


 The Company aims to maintain an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives that are relevant to the Company’s
 business growth and is also committed to ensuring that recruitment and selection practices at all levels (from the Board
 downwards) are appropriately structured so that a diverse range of candidates are considered.




68   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Board will consider setting measurable objectives to implement the Board Diversity Policy and review such objectives
from time to time to ensure their appropriateness and ascertain the progress made towards achieving those objectives.


As at the date of this report, the Board consists of six male directors and currently has two female directors, namely Ms.
Xu Xu and Ms. Liu Shuang, which brings diversity to the Board and the Board will continue to maintain the current level.
The Board is also characterized by significant diversity, in particular, in term of professional expertise and experience, age,
culture and ethnicity. An analysis of the Board’s current composition based on the measurable objectives is set out below:


Gender
Male:                                                                                                              6 Directors
Female:                                                                                                            2 Directors


Age Group
41–50:                                                                                                             2 Directors
51–60:                                                                                                             4 Directors
61–70:                                                                                                             2 Directors


Designation
Executive Directors:                                                                                               5 Directors
Independent non-executive Directors:                                                                               3 Directors


Educational Background
Medicine                                                                                                                      3
Business & Economics                                                                                                          2
Law                                                                                                                           2
Others                                                                                                                        1


Nationality
Chinese:                                                                                                           8 Directors


The Nomination Committee and the Board are of the view that the current composition of the Board has achieved the
objectives set in the Board Diversity Policy.


The Nomination Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy, as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness.


Gender Diversity
The Company values gender diversity across all levels of the Group. The following table sets out the gender ratio in the
workforce of the Group, including the Board and senior management as at the date of this Annual Report:


                                                                                              Female                   Male

Board                                                                                       25.0% (2)              75.0% (6)
Senior Management                                                                             31% (8)               69% (18)
Other employees                                                                          73% (1,430)              27% (534)


Overall workforce                                                                        72% (1,440)              28% (558)


                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report         69
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



 Our Company values gender diversity at all levels of the Group. Among the 1,998 workforce of the Group as at the date
 of this Annual Report, 558 are males (28%) and 1,440 are females (72%) The Board believes that our Company has
 achieved gender diversity among its employees and considers such gender diversity is satisfactory at the current stage. In
 order to continue to achieve gender diversity among our employees, we are committed to creating favourable conditions
 in our working environment to continuously attract employees of different genders to the Group, thereby maintaining our
 position as a gender-balanced company. In this process, we may face challenges in matching the availability of gender-
 specific personnel in the human resources market with the education, experience and skills required for positions of the
 Group. Despite these challenges, we are committed to maintaining a gender-balanced workforce.


 Director Nomination Policy
 The Board has delegated its responsibilities and authority for selection and appointment of Directors to the Nomination
 Committee.


 The Company has adopted a Director Nomination Policy which sets out the selection criteria and nomination process and
 the Board succession planning considerations in relation to nomination and appointment of Directors of the Company
 and aims to ensure that the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the
 Company and the continuity of the Board and appropriate leadership at Board level.


 The nomination process set out in the Director Nomination Policy is as follows:


 Nomination Procedures
 (i)        The Nomination Committee and/or the Board may select candidates for directorship from various channels,
            including but not limited to internal promotion, re-designation, referral by other member of the management and
            external recruitment agents.


 (ii)       The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should, upon receipt of the proposal on appointment of new
            Director and the biographical information (or relevant details) of the candidate, evaluate such candidate based on
            the criteria as set out above to determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship.


 (iii)      If the process yields one or more desirable candidates, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should rank
            them by order of preference based on the needs of the Company and reference check of each candidate (where
            applicable).


 (iv)       The Nomination Committee should then recommend to the Board to appoint the appropriate candidate for
            directorship, as applicable.


 (v)        For any person that is nominated by a Shareholder for election as a Director at the general meeting of the
            Company, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should evaluate such candidate based on the criteria as
            set out above to determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship.


 Where appropriate, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should make recommendation to Shareholders in
 respect of the proposed election of Director at the general meeting.




70       Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Re-election of Director at General Meeting
(i)     The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should review the overall contribution and service to the Company
        of the retiring Director and the level of participation and performance on the Board.


(ii)    The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should also review and determine whether the retiring Director
        continues to meet the criteria as set out above.


(iii)   The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should then make recommendation to Shareholders in respect of
        the proposed re-election of Director at the general meeting.


Where the Board proposes a resolution to elect or re-elect a candidate as Director at the general meeting, the relevant
information of the candidate will be disclosed in the circular to Shareholders and/or explanatory statement accompanying
the notice of the relevant general meeting in accordance with the Listing Rules and/or applicable laws and regulations.


The Director Nomination Policy sets out the criteria for assessing the suitability and the potential contribution to the Board
of a proposed candidate, including but not limited to the following:


•       Character and integrity;


•       Qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience that are relevant to the
        Company’s business and corporate strategy;


•       Diversity in all aspects, including but not limited to gender, age (18 years or above), cultural and educational
        background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service;


•       Requirements of independent non-executive Directors on the Board and independence of the proposed
        independent non-executive Directors in accordance with the Listing Rules; and


•       Commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest to discharge duties as a member of the Board and/
        or Board committee(s) of the Company.


The Board composition remained unchanged as of the date of this annual report.


The Nomination Committee will review the Director Nomination Policy, as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness.


Corporate Governance Functions
The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in the code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code.


From the Listing Date up to the date of this report, the Board reviewed the Company’s corporate governance policies and
practices, training and continuous professional development of the Directors and Senior Management, the Company’s
policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the compliance of the Model Code and the
Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in this corporate governance report.




                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report          71
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



 RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS
 The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the risk management and internal control systems and reviewing their
 effectiveness. Such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives,
 and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.


 The Board has the overall responsibility for evaluating and determining the nature and extent of the risks it is willing to
 take in achieving the Company’s strategic objectives, and establishing and maintaining appropriate and effective risk
 management and internal control systems.


 The Audit Committee assist the Board in leading the management and overseeing their design, implementation and
 monitoring of the risk management and internal control systems.


 The Company has developed and adopted various risk management procedures and guidelines with defined authority for
 implementation by key business processes and office functions, including project management, sales and leasing, financial
 reporting, human resources and information technology.


 The Company’s risk management and internal control systems have been developed with the following principles,
 features and processes:


 Risk Management
 We have adopted a consolidated set of risk management policies which set out a risk management framework to
 identify, assess, evaluate and monitor key risks associated with our strategic objectives on an ongoing basis. The Audit
 Committee, and ultimately our Directors, supervise the implementation of our risk management policies. Risks identified
 by management will be analyzed on the basis of likelihood and impact, and will be properly followed up and mitigated by
 us and reported to our Directors.


 –      Our governance committee which is comprised of senior management and functional heads will oversee and
        manage the overall risks associated with our business operations, including (i) reviewing and approving our risk
        management policy to ensure that it is consistent with our corporate objectives; (ii) reviewing and approving our
        corporate risk tolerance; (iii) monitoring the most significant risks associated with our business operation and our
        management’s handling of such risks; (iv) reviewing our corporate risk in the light of our corporate risk tolerance;
        and (v) monitoring and ensuring the appropriate application of our risk management framework across our
        Company.


 –      Our President is responsible for (i) formulating and updating our risk management policy and target; (ii) reviewing
        and approving major risk management issues of our Company; (iii) promulgating risk management measures; (iv)
        providing guidance on our risk management approach to the relevant departments in our Company; (v) reviewing
        the relevant departments’ reporting on key risks and providing feedback; (vi) supervising the implementation
        of our risk management measures by the relevant departments; (vii) ensuring that the appropriate structure,
        processes and competences are in place across our Company; and (viii) reporting to our Directors on our material
        risks.




72   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



–      The relevant departments in our Company, including without limitation the finance department, the legal
       and compliance department and the human resources department, are responsible for implementing our
       risk management policy and carrying out our day-to-day risk management practice. In order to formalize risk
       management across our Company and set a common level of transparency and risk management performance,
       the relevant departments will (i) gather information about the risks relating to their operation or function; (ii)
       conduct risk assessments, which include the identification, prioritization, measurement and categorization of
       all key risks that could potentially affect their objectives; (iii) prepare a risk management report annually for our
       Chief Executive Officer’s review; (iv) continuously monitor the key risks relating to their operation or function; (v)
       implement appropriate risk responses where necessary; and (vi) develop and maintain an appropriate mechanism
       to facilitate the application of our risk management framework.


Internal Control
Below is a summary of the internal control policies, measures and procedures we have implemented or plan to implement:


–      We have adopted various measures and procedures regarding each aspect of our business operation, such as
       contract management policy, risk management and protection of intellectual property. We provide periodic
       training about these measures and procedures to our employees as part of our employee training program. In
       addition, we monitor the implementation of these measures and procedures.


–      Our Directors (who are responsible for monitoring the corporate governance of our Company) with help from our
       legal advisers, will also periodically review our compliance status with all relevant laws and regulations after the
       Listing.


–      We have established an audit committee effective upon the Listing which (i) makes recommendations to our
       Directors on the appointment and removal of external auditors; and (ii) reviews the financial statements and
       renders advice in respect of financial reporting as well as oversees internal control procedures of our Company.


–      We maintain strict anti-corruption policies among our employees and we believe we will therefore be less affected
       by the increasingly stringent measures taken by the PRC government to correct corruptive practices in the
       pharmaceutical industry. We strictly prohibit bribery or other improper payments in any of our business operations.
       This prohibition applies to all business activities, anywhere in the world, whether involving government officials or
       healthcare professionals. Improper payments prohibited by this policy include bribes, kickbacks, excessive gifts or
       entertainment, or any other payment made or offered to obtain an undue business advantage. We keep accurate
       books and records that reflect transactions and asset dispositions in reasonable detail. Requests for false invoices
       or payment of expenses that are unusual, excessive or inadequately described are rejected and promptly reported.
       Misleading, incomplete or false entries in our books and records are never acceptable. We will also ensure that any
       future commercialization team personnel comply with applicable legal requirements, which include restrictions on
       promoting drugs for unapproved uses or patient populations and limitations on industry-sponsored scientific and
       educational activities.




                                                                                                    2025 Annual Report         73
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



 –       We have established procedures to protect the confidentiality of personal information of stakeholders, including
         but not limited, employees and healthcare professionals. In general, we do not have access to patients’ personal
         data. We maintain policies which require our personnel to be trained on collecting, processing and safeguarding
         personal information and require our CROs to have data protection measures in place and related clauses in
         our agreements with them under which they are responsible for safeguarding data in their possession. Access
         to clinical trial data has been strictly limited to authorized personnel only according to the GCP and relevant
         regulations. Additionally, we require external parties and internal employees involved in clinical trials to comply
         with confidentiality requirements. Data are to be used only for the intended use, as agreed by the patients and
         consistent with the consent form and no use of data falls outside the scope of the consent form will be permitted
         without obtaining consent from patients.


 –       We have engaged several PRC law firms to advise us on and keep us abreast with PRC laws and regulations.
         We will continue to arrange various training to be provided by external legal advisers from time to time when
         necessary and/or any appropriate accredited institution to update our Directors, senior management, and relevant
         employees on the latest PRC laws and regulations.


 –       Our Directors believe that compliance creates sustainable value for us and are dedicated to cultivating a
         compliance culture among all of our employees. To ensure such compliance culture is embedded into everyday
         workflow and set the expectations for individual behavior across the organization, we regularly conduct internal
         compliance checks and inspections, adopt strict accountability internally and conduct compliance training.


 All divisions/departments conducted internal control assessment regularly to identify risks that potentially impact the
 business of the Group and various aspects including key operational and financial processes, regulatory compliance and
 information security. Self-evaluation has been conducted annually to confirm that control policies are properly complied
 with by each division/department.


 The management, in coordination with division/department heads, assessed the likelihood of risk occurrence, provide
 treatment plans, and monitor the risk management progress, and reported to the Audit Committee and the Board on all
 findings and the effectiveness of the systems.


 The management has confirmed to the Board and the Audit Committee on the effectiveness of the risk management and
 internal control systems for the Reporting Period.


 The Group does not have an internal audit function. During the Reporting Period, the Board has reviewed the
 effectiveness of the internal control system of the Group and there were no major issues but areas for improvement have
 been identified by the Audit Committee and appropriate measures taken. In addition, the Board is currently of the view
 that there is no immediate need to set up an internal audit function within the Group in light of the size, nature and
 complexity of the Group’s business. The situation will be reviewed from time to time.


 The Board, as supported by the Audit Committee as well as the management report and the internal audit findings, conducted
 an annual review of the risk management and internal control systems, including the financial, operational and compliance
 controls, for the Reporting Period, and considered that such systems are effective and adequate. The annual review also covered
 the financial reporting and internal audit function and staff qualifications, experiences and relevant resources.




74   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Whistleblowing Policy
The Company has in place the Whistleblowing Policy for employees of the Company and those who deal with the
Company to raise concerns, in confidence and anonymity, with the Audit Committee about possible improprieties in any
matters related to the Company. The Whistleblowing Policy is available on the website of the Company.


Anti-Corruption Policy
The Company has also in place the Anti-Corruption Policy to safeguard against corruption and bribery within the
Company. The Company has an internal reporting channel that is open and available for employees of the Company to
report any suspected corruption and bribery. Employees can also make anonymous reports to the internal anti-corruption
department/internal audit function, which is responsible for investigating the reported incidents and taking appropriate
measures. The Company continues to carry out anti-corruption and anti-bribery activities to cultivate a culture of integrity,
and actively organizes anti-corruption training and inspections to ensure the effectiveness of anti-corruption and anti-
bribery. The Anti-Corruption Policy is available on the website of the Company.


The Company has developed its disclosure policy which provides a general guide to the Company’s Directors, senior
management and relevant employees in handling confidential information, monitoring information disclosure and
responding to enquiries. Control procedures have been implemented to ensure that unauthorized access and use of inside
information are strictly prohibited.


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Board is responsible for presenting a balanced, clear and understandable assessment of annual and interim
reports, inside information announcements and other disclosures required under the Listing Rules and other regulatory
requirements. The management has provided such explanation and information to the Board as necessary to enable the
Board to make an informed assessment of the financial information and position of the Group put forward to the Board
for approval.


The Directors have acknowledged their responsibilities for preparing the financial statements of the Group for the year
ended 31 December 2025.


The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.


The Directors have prepared the financial statements in accordance with the Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards
issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Appropriate accounting policies have also been used
and applied consistently except the adoption of revised standards, amendments to standards and interpretation.


The statement of the external auditors of the Company about their reporting responsibilities on the financial statements is
set out in the Independent Auditors’ Report of this Annual Report.




                                                                                                    2025 Annual Report        75
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



 AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
 The remuneration paid and payable to the external auditors of the Company in respect of audit services and non-audit
 services for the year ended 31 December 2025 is set out below:


 Service Category                                                                                        Fees Paid/Payable
                                                                                                                   RMB’000

 Audit Services                                                                                                        2,480
 Non-audit Services including: annual tax filing                                                                          90
 Total                                                                                                                 2,570


 JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
 Mr. Yao Le and Ms. Fong Christine Haiman acted as joint company secretaries of the Company. For their respective
 biography, please refer to the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of this annual report.


 Ms. Fong Christine Haiman, the manager of the company secretarial division of Tricor Services Limited (a member of
 Vistra Group), was appointed as one of the joint company secretaries of the Company. The key contact person between Ms.
 Fong Christine Haiman and the Company is Mr. Yao Le. During the Reporting Period, Ms. Fong Christine Haiman and Mr.
 Yao Le have both complied with Rule 3.29 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules by taking no less than 15 hours of the relevant
 professional training.


 All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary on corporate governance and board
 practices and matters.


 SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
 Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting and Putting Forward Proposals at General Meetings
 Pursuant to Article 17 of the Articles of Association of the Company, the Board may, whenever it thinks fit, convene
 an extraordinary general meeting. Any one or more members holding as at the date of deposit of the requisition, in
 aggregate not less than one-tenth of the voting rights, on a one vote per share basis, in the share capital of the Company,
 shall at all times have the right, by written requisition signed by the requisitionist(s) deposited at the principal office of
 the Company in Hong Kong or, in the event the Company ceases to have such a principal office, the registered office, to
 require an extraordinary general meeting to be called for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition and/
 or add resolutions to the meeting agenda (if any). If the Board does not within 21 days from the date of deposit of the
 requisition proceed duly to convene the meeting to be held within a further 21 days, the requisitionist(s) themselves may
 convene the physical meeting at only one location which will be the principal meeting place, and all reasonable expenses
 incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to them by the Company.


 Shareholders should follow the requirements and procedures as set out in the Articles of Association for convening a
 general meeting.




76   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



To put forward proposals at a general meeting of the Company, a Shareholder should lodge a written notice of his/her
proposal with his/her detailed contact information at the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong at Room
1919, 19/F, Lee Garden One, 33 Hysan Avenue, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong.


The request will be verified with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong and upon their confirmation that
the request is proper and in order, the Board will be asked to include the proposal in the agenda for the general meeting.


Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board
For putting forward any enquiries to the Board, Shareholders may send written enquiries to the Company. The Company
will not normally deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries.


Shareholders may also make enquiries to the Board at general meetings of the Company. In addition, Shareholders can
contact Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, the branch share registrar of the Company in Hong Kong, if
they have any enquiries about their shareholdings and entitlement to dividend.


Contact Details
Shareholders may send their enquiries or requests as mentioned above to the following:


Address:       Room 1919, 19/F, Lee Garden One, 33 Hysan Avenue, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong
               (For the attention of the Board of Directors)
Email:         yaole@bayzedhealthcare.com


For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholders must deposit and send the original duly signed written requisition, notice
or statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the above address and provide their full name, contact details and
identification in order to give effect thereto. Shareholders’ information may be disclosed as required by law.


COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS
The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations and
investor understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company endeavours to maintain an on-
going dialogue with Shareholders and in particular, through annual general meetings and other general meetings. At the
annual general meeting, Directors (or their delegates as appropriate) are available to meet Shareholders and answer their
enquiries.


To safeguard Shareholder interests and rights, separate resolution should be proposed for each substantially separate issue
at general meetings, including the election of individual Director. All resolutions put forward at general meetings will be
voted on by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and poll results will be posted on the websites of the Company and of the
Stock Exchange after each general meeting.




                                                                                                    2025 Annual Report        77
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



 Shareholders’ Communication Policy
 The Company has in place a Shareholders’ Communication Policy. The policy aims at promoting effective communication
 with Shareholders and other stakeholders, encouraging Shareholders to engage actively with the Company and enabling
 Shareholders to exercise their rights as Shareholders effectively. The Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness
 of the Shareholders’ Communication Policy and given the communication channels were properly implemented, the
 results were satisfactory.


 The Company has established a number of channels for maintaining an on-going dialogue with its Shareholders as
 follows:


 (a)      Corporate Communication

          “Corporate Communication” as defined under the Listing Rules refers to any document issued or to be issued
          by the Company for the information or action of holders of any of its securities, including but not limited to
          the following documents of the Company: (a) the Directors’ report, annual accounts together with a copy
          of the auditor’s report and, where applicable, its summary financial report; (b) the interim report and, where
          applicable, its summary interim report; (c) a notice of meeting; (d) a listing document; (e) a circular; and (f) a
          proxy form. The Corporate Communication of the Company will be published on the Stock Exchange’s website
          (www.hkex.com.hk) in a timely manner as required by the Listing Rules. Corporate Communication will be
          provided to Shareholders and non-registered holders of the Company’s securities in both English and Chinese
          versions or where permitted, in a single language, in a timely manner as required by the Listing Rules. Shareholders
          and non-registered holders of the Company’s securities shall have the right to choose the language (either English
          or Chinese) or means of receipt of the Corporate Communication (in printed form or through electronic means).


 (b)      Announcements and Other Documents pursuant to the Listing Rules

          The Company shall publish announcements (on inside information, corporate actions and transactions etc.) and
          other documents (e.g. Memorandum and Articles of Association) on the Stock Exchange’s website in a timely
          manner in accordance with the Listing Rules.


 (c)      Corporate Website

          Any information or documents of the Company posted on the Stock Exchange’s website will also be published
          on the Company’s website (www.bayzedhealthcare.com). Other corporate information about the Company’s
          business developments, goals and strategies, corporate governance and risk management will also be available on
          the Company’s website.




78     Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



(d)    Shareholders’ Meetings

       The annual general meeting and other general meetings of the Company are primary forum for communication
       between the Company and its Shareholders. The Company shall provide Shareholders with relevant information
       on the resolutions(s) proposed at a general meeting in a timely manner in accordance with the Listing Rules. The
       information provided shall be reasonably necessary to enable Shareholders to make an informed decision on the
       proposed resolution(s). Shareholders are encouraged to participate in general meetings or to appoint proxies
       to attend and vote at the meetings for and on their behalf if they are unable to attend the meetings. Where
       appropriate or required, the Chairman of the Board and other Board members, the chairmen of board committees
       or their delegates, and the external auditors should attend general meetings of the Company to answer
       Shareholders’ questions (if any). The chairperson of the independent board committee (if any) should also be
       available to answer questions at any general meeting to approve a connected transaction or any other transaction
       that is subject to independent Shareholders’ approval.


(e)    Shareholders’ Enquiries

       Enquiries about Shareholdings

       Shareholders should direct their enquiries about their shareholdings to the Company’s branch share registrar,
       Tricor Investor Services Limited, call its hotline at (852) 2980 1333, or go in person to its public counter at 17/F,
       Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong.


       Enquiries about Corporate Governance or Other Matters to be put to the Board and the Company

       The Company will not normally deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries. Shareholders may send any enquiries
       to the Board by email: yaole@bayzedhealthcare.com or by post to Room 1919, 19/F, Lee Garden One, 33 Hysan
       Avenue, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong.


(f)    Other Investor Relations Communication Platforms

       Investor/analysts briefings, roadshows (both domestic and international), media interviews, marketing activities for
       investors and specialist industry forums etc. will be launched on a regular/required basis.


COMPANY’S CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
There was no change in the Company’s constitutional documents from the Listing Date up to the date of this report.


DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company has adopted a Dividend Policy on payment of dividends. The Company do not have any pre-determined
dividend payout ratio. Depending on the financial conditions of the Company and the Group and the conditions and
factors as set out in the Dividend Policy, dividends may be proposed and/or declared by the Board during a financial year
and any final dividend for a financial year will be subject to the Shareholders’ approval. The Board has resolved not to
declare any final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2025. As at the date of this annual report, no arrangement
has been entered into to enable the Shareholders to waive or agree to waive any dividends (including future dividends).




                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report     79
 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




 Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of Bayzed Health Group Inc
 (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


 OPINION
 We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Bayzed Health Group Inc (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries
 (“the Group”) set out on pages 86 to 139, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at
 31 December 2025, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated
 statement of changes in equity and the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended and notes, comprising
 material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.


 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
 Group as at 31 December 2025 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
 then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the
 “IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
 Ordinance.


 BASIS FOR OPINION
 We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the Hong
 Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further
 described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report.
 We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the
     Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical
     responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
     appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




80      Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on these matters.


Impairment assessment of goodwill
Refer to note 14 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on note 2(e).


The Key Audit Matter                                          How the matter was addressed in our audit


As at 31 December 2025, the Group recorded goodwill of        Our audit procedures in relation to impairment assessment
RMB643 million in relation to business acquisitions, which    of goodwill included the following:
represented 25% of the Group’s consolidated assets.
                                                              •    understanding and evaluating the design and
Goodwill was allocated to respective cash-generating               implementation of management’s key internal control
units (CGUs). Impairment test is performed by                      in respect of the goodwill impairment assessment;
management on the CGU to which goodwill has been
allocated at least annually by comparing the carrying         •    assessing management’s identification of CGUs and
value with the recoverable amount of the CGU, which                the allocation of assets and liabilities to each CGU
is the higher of value in use and fair value less costs of         with reference to the requirements of the prevailing
disposal of the CGU.                                               accounting standards;


The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by            •    comparing the actual performance of the CGUs
management based on the value in use of the CGU using              for the current year with the forecasts prepared by
the discounted cash flow forecasts. The key assumptions            management in the prior year, making enquiries of
of the discounted cash flow forecasts included revenue             management for any significant variances identified;
growth rates and discount rates. An impairment loss is             and considering if there were any indications of
recognised when the recoverable amount is lower than               management bias;
the carrying value of the relevant CGU.
                                                              •    with the assistance of our internal valuation specialists,
We identified impairment assessment of goodwill as a key           on sample basis, evaluating the appropriateness of
audit matter due to high degree of judgement required              methodology adopted by management in preparing
in determining the key assumptions used in estimating              the discounted cash flow forecasts with reference
the value in use of the CGUs. The determination of these           to the requirements of the prevailing accounting
assumptions could be subject to management bias.                   standards and the reasonableness of discount
                                                                   rates used in the discounted cash flow forecasts
                                                                   by benchmarking against those of the comparable
                                                                   companies and external market data if available;




                                                                                                      2025 Annual Report    81
 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



 KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

 Impairment assessment of goodwill (Continued)

 Refer to note 14 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on note 2(e).


 The Key Audit Matter                                          How the matter was addressed in our audit


                                                               •     evaluating the reasonableness of key assumptions used
                                                                     in the discounted cash flow forecasts by comparing
                                                                     with historical financial performance of the CGUs
                                                                     and management budgets approved by the board of
                                                                     directors;


                                                               •     evaluating the sensitivity analysis prepared by
                                                                     management for the key assumptions adopted in the
                                                                     discounted cash flow forecasts and considering the
                                                                     possibility of management bias; and


                                                               •     assessing the reasonableness of the disclosures in the
                                                                     consolidated financial statements in respect of the
                                                                     impairment assessments of goodwill with reference
                                                                     to the requirements of the prevailing accounting
                                                                     standards.


 INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
 AUDITOR’S REPORT THEREON
 The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information included
 in the annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon. The other
 information is expected to be made available to us after the date of this auditor’s report.


 Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
 form of assurance conclusion thereon.


 In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
 when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
 consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.




82   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                                 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance,
and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.


The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s financial
reporting process.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
This report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:


•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
      or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
      and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
      fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
      misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.




                                                                                                    2025 Annual Report         83
 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



 AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
 •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
       appropriate in the circumstances but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
       Group’s internal control.


 •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
       related disclosures made by the directors.


 •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
       the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
       significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
       exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
       financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the
       audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the
       Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


 •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
       disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
       a manner that achieves fair presentation.


 •     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
       of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial
       statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes
       of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


 We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
 and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.


 We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
 regarding independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought
 to bear on our independence and, where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.




84   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                         INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because
the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Yu Wai Sum (practising certificate
number: P05307).




KPMG
Certified Public Accountants
8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong


31 March 2026




                                                                                                2025 Annual Report        85
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
 for the year ended 31 December 2025
 (Expressed in Renminbi ("RMB”))




                                                                                     2025         2024
                                                                          Note   RMB’000       RMB’000

 Revenue                                                                   4     1,119,849    1,188,846
 Cost of sales                                                                    (929,037)    (980,649)
 Gross profit                                                                     190,812      208,197
 Other net income                                                          5         8,241       4,971
 Selling expenses                                                                  (10,729)     (11,834)
 General and administrative expenses                                              (156,973)    (165,696)
 Impairment loss on trade and bills receivables                           26          (479)        (649)
 Profit from operations                                                            30,872       34,989
 Finance costs                                                            6(a)     (21,580)     (21,677)
 Profit before taxation                                                    7         9,292      13,312
 Income tax                                                               7(a)     (17,970)     (16,869)
 Loss for the year                                                                  (8,678)      (3,557)

 Other comprehensive income for the year that may be reclassified
     subsequently to profit or loss (after tax and reclassification
     adjustments)
 Exchange differences on translation of financial statements of foreign
     operations                                                                    (12,706)      1,270
 Total comprehensive income for the year                                           (21,384)      (2,287)

 Loss for the year attributable to:
 Equity shareholders of the Company                                                (12,957)     (13,457)
 Non-controlling interests                                                           4,279        9,900
                                                                                    (8,678)      (3,557)

 Total comprehensive income attributable to:
 Equity shareholders of the Company                                                (25,663)     (12,187)
 Non-controlling interests                                                           4,279        9,900
                                                                                   (21,384)      (2,287)

 Loss per share                                                           10
 Basic and diluted (RMB)                                                              0.01         0.01




 The notes on pages 90 to 139 form part of these financial statements.


86    Bayzed Health Group Inc
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                   (Expressed in RMB)




                                                                                  31 December        31 December
                                                                                         2025               2024
                                                                          Note        RMB’000            RMB’000
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                              11           347,891           364,021
Right-of-use assets                                                        12           165,166           184,887
Intangible assets                                                          13           227,740           236,395
Goodwill                                                                   14           643,049           643,049
Deferred tax assets                                                       23(b)           6,454             6,765
Other non-current assets                                                                  4,863             9,977
                                                                                      1,395,163         1,445,094
Current assets
Inventories                                                                16            59,867            62,758
Trade and bill receivables                                                17(a)         238,626           262,087
Prepayments and other receivables                                         17(b)         237,885           120,637
Restricted cash                                                           18(a)           8,615            18,270
Cash and cash equivalents                                                 18(a)         615,972           294,240
                                                                                      1,160,965           757,992
Current liabilities
Trade and bill payables                                                   19(a)         224,261           313,880
Other payables                                                            19(b)          99,342           115,177
Contract liabilities                                                       20            12,568            30,739
Interest-bearing borrowings                                                21           327,186           292,090
Lease liabilities                                                          22            18,933            22,908
Current taxation                                                          23(a)           6,604             6,979
                                                                                        688,894           781,773
Net current assets/(liabilities)                                                        472,071            (23,781)
Total assets less current liabilities                                                 1,867,234         1,421,313
Non-current liabilities
Interest-bearing borrowings                                                21            74,000            65,100
Lease liabilities                                                          22           124,279           137,160
Deferred tax liabilities                                                  23(b)          48,442            48,987
                                                                                        246,721           251,247
NET ASSETS                                                                            1,620,513         1,170,066
CAPITAL AND RESERVES
Share capital                                                             24(b)              87                78
Reserves                                                                              1,520,280         1,069,162
Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                       1,520,367         1,069,240

Non-controlling interests                                                               100,146           100,826
TOTAL EQUITY                                                                          1,620,513         1,170,066


Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 31 March 2026.

                      Chen Haoyang                                                 Xu Xu
                         Director                                                 Director

The notes on pages 90 to 139 form part of these financial statements.

                                                                                             2025 Annual Report       87
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
 for the year ended 31 December 2025
 (Expressed in RMB)




                                                              Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company

                                                                                                                                                  Non-
                                              Share      Share        Capital      Exchange          Other Accumulated                      controlling       Total
                                             capital   premium        reserve        reserve        reserve          losses        Total      interests     equity
                                    Note    RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000

 Balance at 1 January 2024                       78     135,175     1,293,888         (1,689)       (50,582)       (292,746)   1,084,124        91,394    1,175,518


 Changes in equity for 2024:
 (Loss)/Profit for the year                       –           –             –              –              –         (13,457)     (13,457)        9,900       (3,557)
 Other comprehensive income                       –           –             –          1,270              –               –       1,270              –       1,270
 Total comprehensive income                       –           –             –          1,270              –         (13,457)     (12,187)        9,900       (2,287)
 Acquisition of non-controlling
     interests (“NCI”)              25(a)         –           –             –              –         (2,697)              –       (2,697)         (468)      (3,165)
 Balance at 31 December 2024
     and 1 January 2025                          78     135,175     1,293,888           (419)       (53,279)       (306,203)   1,069,240       100,826    1,170,066


 Changes in equity for 2025:
 (Loss)/Profit for the year                       –           –             –              –              –         (12,957)     (12,957)        4,279       (8,678)
 Other comprehensive income                       –           –             –        (12,706)             –               –      (12,706)            –      (12,706)
 Total comprehensive income                       –           –             –        (12,706)             –         (12,957)     (25,663)        4,279      (21,384)
 Issuance of shares upon listing,
     net of issuance expenses                     9     489,070             –              –              –               –     489,079              –     489,079
 Acquisition of NCI                 25(b)         –           –             –              –        (12,289)              –      (12,289)       (4,959)     (17,248)
 Balance at 31 December 2025                     87     624,245     1,293,888        (13,125)       (65,568)       (319,160)   1,520,367       100,146    1,620,513




 The notes on pages 90 to 139 form part of these financial statements.


88     Bayzed Health Group Inc
                               CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                                                                for the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                                   (Expressed in RMB)




                                                                                         2025                2024
                                                                        Note        RMB’000              RMB’000

Operating activities
Cash generated from operations                                          18(b)         240,923             195,835
Income tax paid                                                         23(a)         (18,579)            (27,295)
Net cash generated from operating activities                                          222,344             168,540
Investing activities
Payment for the purchase of property, plant and equipment                             (33,442)            (43,874)
Payment for purchase of intangible assets                                               (4,469)             (2,580)
Loans to related parties, net of repayment                                           (128,828)             98,620
Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                               (166,739)             52,166
Financing activities
Proceeds from interest-bearing borrowings                               18(c)         265,659             206,808
Repayment of interest-bearing borrowings                                18(c)        (429,401)           (350,849)
Capital element of lease rentals paid                                   18(c)         (24,229)            (19,001)
Interest element of lease rentals paid                                  18(c)           (7,101)             (8,038)
Interest expense paid                                                   18(c)         (14,429)            (13,462)
Increase in deposits with banks                                                               –                (20)
Withdrawal of deposits with banks                                                             –            20,641
Acquisition of non-controlling Interests                                18(c)         (17,248)              (3,771)
Advances from/(repayment to) related parties                            18(c)               85              (1,498)
Issuance of shares upon shares listing                                                513,130                     –
Proceeds from equity-settled share-based payment                                              –              3,600
Expenses paid in connection with the proposed issuance of new shares                  (18,727)              (2,867)
Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                                267,739            (168,457)

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                             323,344              52,249


Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                  18(a)         294,240             241,991


Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                 (1,612)                   –
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                                18(a)         615,972             294,240




The notes on pages 90 to 139 form part of these financial statements.


                                                                                           2025 Annual Report         89
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 1       CORPORATE INFORMATION
         Bayzed Health Group Inc (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 9 December 2021 as an
         exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands.


         The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (together, “the Group”)
         primarily focused on hospital business and hospital management business, the revenue of the Group generated
         from (i) operating six private for-profit hospitals and providing healthcare services including full-cycle oncology
         healthcare services and other medical services, (ii) managing and operating, and receiving management fees from
         two private not-for-profit hospitals and (iii) supply of pharmaceuticals, medical equipment and consumables in the
         People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).


         On 23 June 2025, the Company’s shares were listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
         Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).


 2       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (a)     Statement of compliance
                 These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by
                 the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). These financial statements also comply with the
                 applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
                 Hong Kong Limited. Material accounting policies adopted by the Group are disclosed below.


                 The IASB has issued certain new or amended IFRS Accounting Standards that are first effective or available
                 for early adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 2(c) provides information on any
                 changes in accounting policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent that
                 they are relevant to the Group for the current accounting period reflected in these financial statements.


         (b)     Basis of preparation of the financial statements
                 The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 comprise the Company and
                 its subsidiaries.


                 The measurement basis used in the preparation of the financial statements is the historical cost basis.




90   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (b)   Basis of preparation of the financial statements (Continued)
          The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS Accounting Standards requires
          management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and
          reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions
          are based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the
          circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the judgements about carrying values of
          assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these
          estimates.


          The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
          estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that
          period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future
          periods.


          Judgements made by management in the application of IFRS Accounting Standards that have significant
          effect on the financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in note 3.


    (c)   Changes in accounting policies
          The Group has applied amendments to IAS 21, The effects of changes in foreign exchange rates – Lack
          of exchangeability issued by the IASB to these financial statements for the current accounting period. The
          amendments do not have a material impact on these financial statements as the Group has not entered
          into any foreign currency transactions in which the foreign currency is not exchangeable into another
          currency.


          The Group has not applied any new or amended standard that is not yet effective for the current
          accounting period.


    (d)   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests
          Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has
          rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns
          through its power over the entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated
          financial statements from the date on which control commences until the date on which control ceases.


          Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealised income and expenses (except for foreign
          currency transaction gains or losses) arising from intra-group transactions, are eliminated. Unrealised losses
          resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains, but only to the
          extent that there is no evidence of impairment.


          For each business combination, the Group can elect to measure any non-controlling interests (“NCI”)
          either at fair value or at the NCI’s proportionate share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets.




                                                                                                  2025 Annual Report       91
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 2      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
        (d)     Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (Continued)
                NCI are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately from equity
                attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company. NCI in the results of the Group are presented on
                the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as an allocation
                of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between NCI and the equity
                shareholders of the Company. Loans from holders of NCI and other contractual obligations towards
                these holders are presented as financial liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position in
                accordance with notes 2(n) and 2(o) depending on the nature of the liability.


                Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as
                equity transactions.


                When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it derecognises the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary,
                and any related NCI and other components of equity. Any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or
                loss. Any interest retained in that former subsidiary is measured at fair value when control is lost.


                In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less
                impairment losses (see note 2(i)), unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group
                classified as held for sale).


        (e)     Goodwill
                Goodwill arising on the acquisition of subsidiaries is measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses
                (see note 2(i)).


        (f)     Property, plant and equipment
                Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see
                note 2(i)).


                Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in profit or loss.


                Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost or valuation of items of property, plant and equipment less
                their estimated residual values, if any, using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, and is
                generally recognised in profit or loss.




92   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (f)   Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
          The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:


          Leasehold improvement                                                  Shorter of the lease term and 20 years
          Buildings                                                                                            8–50 years
          Medical equipment                                                                                    5–10 years
          Motor vehicles                                                                                       5–10 years
          Office and other equipment                                                                               5 years


          Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed annually and adjusted if appropriate.


    (g)   Intangible assets
          Intangible assets that are acquired by the Group are measured at cost less accumulated amortisation and
          any accumulated impairment losses (see note 2(i)).


          Amortisation is calculated to write off the cost of intangible assets less their estimated residual values using
          the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, if any, and is generally recognised in profit or
          loss.


          The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:


          – Software                                                                                        5 to 10 years
          – Management contracts                                                                                  40 years
          – Medical licenses                                                                                      20 years
          – GSP Certificate                                                                                        5 years
          – Cooperation relationship                                                                               6 years


          Amortisation methods and useful lives are reviewed annually and adjusted if appropriate.


          Software

          Costs incurred to acquire and bring the computer software into use are capitalised. Costs associated with
          maintaining computer software are recognised as expense as incurred.




                                                                                                 2025 Annual Report          93
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 2      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
        (g)     Intangible assets (Continued)
                Management contracts

                Management contracts are the contractual rights to provide management services to hospitals. These
                contractual rights acquired in a business combination are recognised at fair value at the acquisition date.
                Management determined the useful life of management contracts based on the service periods agreed in
                the contractual agreements.


                Medical licences

                Medical licences acquired in a business combination are recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. In
                considering the estimated useful lives, renewal periods are considered only if there is evidence to support
                renewal by the Group without significant cost. Management estimated useful life of the medical licences
                based on industry practice and regulatory landscapes.


                The Good Supply Practices for Pharmaceutical Products Certificate (“GSP certificate”)

                GSP certificate acquired in a business combination is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date.
                Management estimated useful life of the GSP certificate based on industry practice and regulatory
                landscapes.


                Cooperation relationship

                Cooperation relationship acquired in a business combination are recognised at fair value at the acquisition
                date. The estimated useful life of the cooperation relationship is based on an analysis of the relationships
                with the business partner.


        (h)     Leased assets
                At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. This is the case
                if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange
                for consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the use of the
                identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.




94   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (h)   Leased assets (Continued)
          (i)   As a lessee

                Where the contract contains lease component(s) and non-lease component(s), the Group has
                elected not to separate non-lease components and accounts for each lease component and any
                associated non-lease components as a single lease component for all leases.


                At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability,
                except for leases that have a short lease term of 12 months or less, and leases of low-value items.
                When the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-value item, the Group decides whether to
                capitalise the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. If not capitalised, the associated lease payments are
                recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the lease term.


                Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the
                lease payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the
                lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate.
                After initial recognition, the lease liability is measured at amortised cost and interest expense is
                recognised using the effective interest method. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an
                index or rate are not included in the measurement of the lease liability, and are charged to profit or
                loss as incurred.


                The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which
                comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or
                before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to
                dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is
                located, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset is subsequently stated at cost less
                accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see notes 2(f) and 2(i))


                The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a
                change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to
                be payable under a residual value guarantee, or if the Group changes its assessment of whether it
                will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. When the lease liability is remeasured in
                this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is
                recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.


                The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a lease modification, which means a change in
                the scope of a lease or the consideration for a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease
                contract, if such modification is not accounted for as a separate lease. In this case, the lease liability
                is remeasured based on the revised lease payments and lease term using a revised discount rate at
                the effective date of the modification.


                In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease liabilities
                is determined as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be settled within twelve
                months after the reporting period.



                                                                                                 2025 Annual Report          95
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 2      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
        (i)     Credit losses and impairment of assets
                (i)     Credit losses from financial instruments

                        The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECL”s) on financial assets
                        measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables and other
                        receivables).


                        Measurement of ECLs

                        ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Generally, credit losses are measured as
                        the present value of all expected cash shortfalls between the contractual and expected amounts.


                        The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the effective interest rate determined at initial
                        recognition or an approximation thereof if the effect is material.


                        The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over
                        which the Group is exposed to credit risk.


                        ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:


                        –       12-month ECLs:          these are the portion of ECLs that result from default events that are
                                                        possible within the 12 months after the reporting date (or a shorter
                                                        period if the expected life of the instrument is less than 12 months);
                                                        and


                        –       lifetime ECLs:          these are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the
                                                        expected lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.

                        The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, except for the following,
                        which are measured at 12-months ECLs:


                        –       financial instruments that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date; and


                        –       other financial instruments (including loan commitments issued) for which credit risk (i.e. the
                                risk of default occurring over the expected life of the financial instrument) has not increased
                                significantly since initial recognition.


                        Loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets are always measured at an amount equal
                        to lifetime ECLs.




96   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (i)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)
          (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments (Continued)

                Significant increases in credit risk

                When determining whether the credit risk of a financial instrument (including a loan commitment)
                has increased significantly since initial recognition and when measuring ECLs, the Group considers
                reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort.
                This includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on the Group’s
                historical experience and informed credit assessment, that includes forward-looking information.


                The Group considers a financial asset to be in default when:


                –       the debtor is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by
                        the Group to actions such as realising security (if any is held); or


                –       the financial asset is 90 days past due.


                ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument’s credit
                risk since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognised as an impairment gain or
                loss in profit or loss. The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments
                with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account, except
                for investments in non-equity securities that are measured at FVOCI (recycling), for which the loss
                allowance is recognised in OCI and accumulated in the fair value reserve (recycling) does not reduce
                the carrying amount of the financial asset in the statement of financial position.


                Credit-impaired financial assets

                At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A financial
                asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated
                future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.


                Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable events:


                –       significant financial difficulties of the debtor;


                –       a breach of contract, such as a default or being more than 90 days past due;




                                                                                                2025 Annual Report       97
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 2      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
        (i)     Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)
                (i)     Credit losses from financial instruments (Continued)

                        Credit-impaired financial assets (Continued)

                        –       the restructuring of a loan or advance by the Group on terms that the Group would not
                                consider otherwise;


                        –       it is probable that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or


                        –       the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties of the
                                issuer.


                        Write-off policy

                        The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off to the extent that there is no realistic
                        prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group determines that the debtor does
                        not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts
                        subject to the write-off.


                (ii)    Impairment of other non-current assets

                        At each reporting date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets
                        (other than inventories and deferred tax assets) to determine whether there is any indication
                        of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated.
                        Goodwill is tested annually for impairment.


                        For impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates
                        cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or
                        cash-generating units (“CGU”s). Goodwill arising from a business combination is allocated to CGUs
                        or groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.


                        The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less
                        costs of disposal. Value in use is based on the estimated future cash flows, discounted to their
                        present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time
                        value of money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU.


                        An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable
                        amount.




98   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (i)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)
          (ii)   Impairment of other non-current assets (Continued)

                 Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. They are allocated first to reduce the carrying
                 amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU, and then to reduce the carrying amounts of the
                 other assets in the CGU on a pro rata basis.


                 An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. For other assets, an impairment loss is
                 reversed only to the extent that the resulting carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount
                 that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had
                 been recognised.


    (j)   Inventories
          Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value as follows:


          Cost is calculated using the weighted average cost formula and comprises all costs of purchase, costs of
          conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.


          Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs
          of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.


    (k)   Trade and other receivables
          A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration and only the
          passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.


          Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are initially measured at their
          transaction price. Trade receivables that contain a significant financing component and other receivables
          are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. All receivables are subsequently stated at
          amortised cost (see note 2(i)).


    (l)   Contract liabilities
          A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays non-refundable consideration before the Group
          recognises the related revenue (see note 2(r)).




                                                                                                2025 Annual Report       99
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




  2      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
         (m)     Cash and cash equivalents
                 Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other
                 financial institutions, and other short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into
                 known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been
                 within three months of maturity at acquisition.


         (n)     Trade and other payables
                 Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, trade and
                 other payables are stated at amortised cost unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which
                 case they are stated at invoice amounts.


         (o)     Interest-bearing borrowings
                 Interest-bearing borrowings are measured initially at fair value less transaction costs. Subsequently, these
                 borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense is recognised
                 in accordance with note 2(t).


         (p)     Employee benefits
                 (i)     Short-term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution retirement plans

                         Short-term employee benefits are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability is
                         recognised for the amount expected to be paid if the Group has a present legal or constructive
                         obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee and the
                         obligation can be estimated reliably.


                         Obligations for contributions to defined contribution retirement plans are expensed as the related
                         service is provided.


                 (ii)    Termination benefits

                         Termination benefits are expensed at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the
                         offer of those benefits and when the Group recognises costs for a restructuring.




100   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (q)   Income tax
          Income tax expense comprises current tax and deferred tax. It is recognised in profit or loss except to the
          extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognised directly in equity or in OCI.


          Current tax comprises the estimated tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year
          and any adjustments to the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. The amount of current
          tax payable or receivable is the best estimate of the tax amount expected to be paid or received that
          reflects any uncertainty related to income taxes. It is measured using tax rates enacted or substantively
          enacted at the reporting date. Current tax also includes any tax arising from dividends.


          Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.


          Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
          liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not
          recognised for:


          –       temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a
                  business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and does not
                  give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences;


          –       temporary differences related to investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture to the
                  extent that the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and
                  it is probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future;


          –       taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill; and


          –       those related to the income taxes arising from tax laws enacted or substantively enacted to
                  implement the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation
                  and Development.


          The Group recognised deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities separately in relation to its lease
          liabilities and right-of-use assets.




                                                                                                    2025 Annual Report       101
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




  2      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
         (q)     Income tax (Continued)
                 Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary
                 differences to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they
                 can be used. Future taxable profits are determined based on the reversal of relevant taxable temporary
                 differences. If the amount of taxable temporary differences is insufficient to recognise a deferred tax asset
                 in full, then future taxable profits, adjusted for reversals of existing temporary differences, are considered,
                 based on the business plans for individual subsidiaries in the Group. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at
                 each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit
                 will be realised; such reductions are reversed when the probability of future taxable profits improves.
                 Measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which
                 the Group expects, at the reporting date, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and
                 liabilities.


                 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.


         (r)     Revenue and other income
                 Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of goods and the provision of
                 services in the ordinary course of the Group’s business.


                 Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:


                 (i)      Inpatient services and outpatient services

                          For inpatient service, the customers normally receive inpatient treatment which contains
                          various treatment components that are all highly relevant and regarded as one performance
                          obligation. Relevant revenue of inpatient treatment is recognised over time because the customer
                          simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group. The progress towards
                          the complete satisfaction of performance obligation is measured by direct measurements of the
                          value of the goods or services transferred by the Group to the customer.


                          For outpatient services, revenue from the provision of outpatient services is recognised at a point in
                          time when the services are provided. Revenue is recognised when the customer obtains the control
                          of the completed services and the Group has satisfied its performance obligations with present right
                          to payment and the collection of the consideration is probable.




102   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (r)   Revenue and other income (Continued)
          (ii)    Hospital management service

                  The Group provides the management related services to private not-for-profit hospitals over
                  the service period. The hospital receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
                  performance as the Group performs. The Group uses a time-based measure of progress. Revenue
                  from provision of managed hospital management services is recognised over the period in which
                  the services are rendered. For revenue from hospital management services, service fee is calculated
                  based on pre-set formulas set out in the arrangements, which primarily relating to the managed
                  hospital’s revenue.


          (iii)   Supply of pharmaceuticals, medical equipment and consumables

                  Revenue from supplying of pharmaceutical, medical equipment and consumables is recognised
                  when control of the inventory has been transferred, i.e when the goods are delivered to the
                  customer and there is no unfulfilled obligation that could affect the customer’s acceptance of the
                  goods.


          (iv)    Interest income

                  Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method. The ‘effective interest rate’ is the
                  rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial
                  asset to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset.


          (v)     Government grants

                  Government grants are recognised in the statement of financial position initially when there is
                  reasonable assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply with the conditions
                  attaching to them.


                  Grants that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognised as income in profit or loss
                  on a systematic basis in the same periods in which the expenses are incurred.




                                                                                                  2025 Annual Report        103
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




  2      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
         (s)     Translation of foreign currencies
                 Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the respective functional currencies of group
                 companies at the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.


                 Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency
                 at the exchange rate at the reporting date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured at fair
                 value in a foreign currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rate when the fair
                 value was determined. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured based on historical cost in
                 a foreign currency are translated at the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Foreign currency
                 differences are generally recognised in profit or loss.


                 The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on
                 acquisition, are translated into Renminbi at the exchange rates at the reporting date. The income and
                 expenses of foreign operations are translated into Renminbi at the exchange rates at the dates of the
                 transactions. Foreign currency differences are recognised in OCI and accumulated in the exchange reserve.


                 When a foreign operation is disposed of in its entirety or partially such that control, significant influence
                 or joint control is lost, the cumulative amount in the exchange reserve related to that foreign operation is
                 reclassified to profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on disposal. On disposal of a subsidiary that includes
                 a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the exchange differences relating to that foreign operation
                 that have been attributed to the NCI shall be derecognised, but shall not be reclassified to profit or loss. If
                 the Group disposes of part of its interest in a subsidiary but retains control, then the relevant proportion
                 of the cumulative amount is reattributed to NCI. When the Group disposes of only part of an associate or
                 joint venture while retaining significant influence or joint control, the relevant proportion of the cumulative
                 amount is reclassified to profit or loss.


         (t)     Borrowing costs
                 Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset
                 which necessarily takes a substantial period to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part
                 of the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.




104   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (u)   Related parties
          (a)    A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:


                 (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;


                 (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or


                 (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.


          (b)    An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:


                 (i)      The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent,
                          subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).


                 (ii)     One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture
                          of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member).


                 (iii)    Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.


                 (iv)     One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                          entity.


                 (v)      The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the
                          Group or an entity related to the Group.


                 (vi)     The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).


                 (vii)    A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                          management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).


                 (viii)   The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management
                          personnel services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.


          Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or
          be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.




                                                                                                    2025 Annual Report        105
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




  2      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
         (v)     Segment reporting
                 Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial statements,
                 are identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive
                 management for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s
                 various lines of business and geographical locations.


                 Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the
                 segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and
                 services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute
                 the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments
                 which are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.


                 The Group determined that it only has one operating segment during the year. The Group’s operations are
                 mainly located in the PRC with all of the Group’s revenue generated in the PRC and all of the Group’s non-
                 current assets located in the PRC.


  3      ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
         Information about assumptions and estimation uncertainties is as follows:


         (a)     Impairment of non-current assets
                 If circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a non-current asset may not be recoverable, the
                 asset may be considered “impaired”, and an impairment loss may be recognised in accordance with
                 accounting policy for impairment of non-current assets as described in Note 2(i)(ii). These assets are tested
                 for impairment whenever the events or changes in circumstances indicate that their recorded carrying
                 amounts may not be fully recoverable.


                 When such a decline has occurred, the carrying amount is reduced to recoverable amount. The recoverable
                 amount is the greater of the fair value less costs of disposal and the value in use. In determining the
                 value in use, expected future cash flows generated by the asset are discounted to their present value,
                 which requires significant judgement relating to the level of revenue and amount of operating costs. The
                 Group uses all readily available information in determining an amount that is a reasonable approximation
                 of the recoverable amount, including estimates based on reasonable and supportable assumptions and
                 projections of the level of revenue and amount of operating costs. Changes in these estimates could have
                 a significant impact on the recoverable amount of the assets and could result in additional impairment
                 charge or reversal of impairment in future periods.




106   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




4   REVENUE
    The Group is principally engaged in hospital business, hospital management services, supply of pharmaceuticals,
    medical equipment and consumables and other business.


    Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers within the scope of IFRS 15.


                                                                                            2025                2024
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000

    Over time:
    – Inpatient services                                                                 526,149             544,428
    – Hospital management services                                                         33,998             39,567
                                                                                         560,147             583,995
    At point in time:
    – Outpatient services                                                                385,679             400,737
    – Supply of pharmaceuticals, medical equipment and consumables                       169,062             190,686
    – Other business                                                                        4,961             13,428
                                                                                         559,702             604,851

    Revenue from contracts with customers                                              1,119,849           1,188,846


    The Group has applied the practical expedient in paragraph 121(a) of IFRS 15 and therefore the information about
    remaining performance obligations is not disclosed for contracts that have an expected duration of one year or
    less.


    During the year ended 31 December 2025, there is one single customer with whom transactions has exceeded
    10% of the Group’s revenue (2024: one customer). In 2025, revenues from sales of goods and provision of
    hospital management services to this customer amounted to RMB127,842,000 (2024: RMB149,368,000).


5   OTHER NET INCOME
                                                                                            2025                2024
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000

    Government grants                                                                         845               1,219
    Interest income                                                                         4,027               2,840
    (Loss)/gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment and
      intangible assets                                                                         (7)                  2
    Net foreign exchange gain                                                               1,612                    –
    Others                                                                                  1,764                 910
                                                                                            8,241               4,971




                                                                                              2025 Annual Report         107
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




  6      PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION
         Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging:


                                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000

         (a)     Finance costs
                 Interest on interest-bearing borrowings                                        14,429             13,462
                 Interest on lease liabilities                                                    7,101             8,038
                 Others                                                                              50               177
                                                                                                21,580             21,677


                                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000

         (b)     Staff costs
                 Salaries, wages and other benefits                                            289,185            291,411
                 Contributions to defined contribution retirement plan                          29,170             26,615
                                                                                               318,355            318,026


                 The employees of the subsidiaries of the Group established in the Chinese mainland participate in
                 defined contribution retirement benefit plans managed by the local government authorities, whereby
                 these subsidiaries are required to contribute funds which are calculated based on certain percentages of
                 the average employee salary as agreed by the local municipal governments to the scheme to fund the
                 retirement benefits of the employees.


                 The Group has no further material obligation for payment of other retirement benefits beyond the above
                 contributions. Contributions to the plans vest immediately, there is no forfeited contributions that may be
                 used by the Group to reduce the existing level of contributions.


                                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000

         (c)     Other items
                 Amortisation cost of intangible assets (note 13)                               11,510             11,053
                 Depreciation charge
                 – owned property, plant and equipment (note 11)                                52,312             49,997
                 – right-of-use assets (note 12)                                                27,094             26,346
                 Auditors’ remuneration                                                           2,480               189
                 Cost of inventories (note 16(a))                                              589,868            660,986




108   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




7   INCOME TAX
    (a)   Taxation in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
          income represents:
                                                                                                         2025                2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

          Current tax – the PRC Enterprise Income Tax
          Provision for the year                                                                       18,204              18,529


          Deferred tax
          Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                               (234)             (1,660)
                                                                                                       17,970              16,869


    (b)   Reconciliation between tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rates
                                                                                                         2025                2024
                                                                                   Note              RMB’000             RMB’000

          Profit before taxation                                                                         9,292             13,312

          Notional tax on profit before taxation, calculated at the
                 rates applicable in the jurisdictions concerned                (i), (ii) (iii)          2,323               3,328
          Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                                          1,784                 699
          Effect of PRC tax concessions                                              (iv)                 (411)                (26)
          Tax effect of unused tax losses and other temporary
                 differences not recognised                                                            20,855              17,859
          Tax effect of utilisation of previously unrecognised
                 tax losses                                                                             (6,581)             (4,991)
          Actual tax expense                                                                           17,970              16,869


          Notes:


          (i)         Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands and the BVI, the Group is not subject to any income
                      tax in the Cayman Islands and the BVI.


          (ii)        The subsidiaries of the Group established in the Chinese mainland are subject to PRC Enterprise Income Tax rate
                      of 25% during the year ended 31 December 2025.


          (iii)       The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax is subject to Hong Kong’s two-tiered profits tax regime, under which
                      the tax rate is 8.25% for assessable profits on the first HK$2 million and 16.50% for any assessable profits in
                      excess of HK$2 million. The Group’s subsidiary in Hong Kong SAR did not have any assessable profits during the
                      year ended 31 December 2025.


          (iv)        Certain subsidiaries of the Group have been approved as Small Low-profit Enterprise (“SLE”). The entitled
                      subsidiaries are subject to a preferential income tax rate from 5% during the year ended 31 December 2025.




                                                                                                           2025 Annual Report           109
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




  8      DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS
                                                                                                     2025
                                                                      Salaries,
                                                                   allowances                                 Retirement
                                                    Directors’    and benefits       Discretionary                scheme         Termination
                                                         fees              in kind        bonuses contributions                      benefits         Total
                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000               RMB’000             RMB’000        RMB’000

         Executive directors
         Chen Haoyang                                        –                576                 384                      –                   –       960
         Zhao Yongkai                                        –                570                    –                    52            1,181        1,803
         Xu Xu                                               –                662                 384                     70                   –     1,116
         Lu Jizhong                                          –                641                 360                     72                   –     1,073
         Feng Yu                                             –                594                 396                      –                   –       990


         President
         Lyu Chao(ii)                                        –                 16                   3                      6                   –        25


         Independent non-executive directors
         Chan Hok Leung(i)                                 94                   –                    –                     –                   –        94
         Liu Shuang(i)                                     94                   –                    –                     –                   –        94
         Guo Wei(i)                                        94                   –                    –                     –                   –        94
                                                          282               3,059                1,527                   200            1,181        6,249


                                                                                                           2024
                                                                                     Salaries,                                   Retirement
                                                                             allowances and              Discretionary              scheme
                                                         Directors’ fees     benefits in kind                bonuses           contributions          Total
                                                              RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000               RMB’000          RMB’000

         Executive directors
         Chen Haoyang                                                 –                  708                      553                     –          1,261
         Zhao Yongkai                                                 –                  918                      647                    68          1,633
         Xu Xu                                                        –                  800                      532                    68          1,400
         Lu Jizhong                                                   –                  681                      477                    70          1,228
         Feng Yu                                                      –                  632                      416                     –          1,048
                                                                      –                3,739                    2,625                   206          6,570


         (i)       Chan Hok Leung, Liu Shuang and Guo Wei were appointed as independent non-executive directors of the Company on
                   9 June 2025.


         (ii)      Lyu Chao was appointed as president of the Company in December 2025.


         (iii)     During the Track Record Period, no director has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments.




110   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




9    INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS
     Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, five (2024: four) are directors whose emoluments are
     disclosed in note 8. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the 1 individual in 2024 are as follows:


                                                                                              2025                 2024
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000

     Salaries and other emoluments                                                                 –                 659
     Discretionary bonuses                                                                         –                 349
     Retirement scheme contributions                                                               –                  65
                                                                                                   –               1,073


     The emoluments of the individual with the highest emoluments are within the following band:


                                                                                              2025                 2024
                                                                                        Number of           Number of
                                                                                       individuals           individuals

     HK$1,000,001–1,500,000                                                                        –                   1


10   LOSS PER SHARE
     (a)    Basic loss per share
            The calculation of basic loss per share is based on the loss attributable to ordinary equity shareholders of
            the Company of RMB12,957,000 (2024: RMB13,457,000) and the weighted average number of ordinary
            shares of 1,255,378,321 shares (2024: 1,185,361,023 shares) in issue during the year.


            Weighted average number of ordinary shares:


                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                                              2025                 2024
                                                                                        Number of           Number of
                                                                                             shares                shares

            Issued ordinary shares at 1 January                                     1,185,361,023       1,185,361,023
            Effect of issuance of shares (Note 24 (b))                                  70,017,298                     –
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares at 31 December               1,255,378,321       1,185,361,023


     (b)    Diluted loss per share
            The diluted loss per share is the same as the basic loss per share for the years ended 31 December 2025
            and 2024 as there were no dilutive potential ordinary shares outstanding during both years.




                                                                                                2025 Annual Report          111
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




  11      PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
          Reconciliation of carrying amount
                                                                                                      Office and
                                                  Leasehold                   Medical      Motor          other     Construction
                                            improvement        Buildings    equipment     vehicles    equipment      in progress       Total
                                                   RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000

          Cost:
          At 1 January 2024                         229,320      79,374       184,745       5,135        30,900           8,331     537,805
          Additions                                   1,899            –       31,285         299         2,313          10,130      45,926
          Transfer in/(out)                          11,237            –          598            –        1,050          (12,885)          –
          Disposals                                       –            –        (5,923)          –        (1,065)              –      (6,988)
          At 31 December 2024 and
            1 January 2025                          242,456      79,374       210,705       5,434        33,198           5,576     576,743

          Additions                                   6,232            –       24,728         202         2,627           2,410      36,199
          Transfer in/(out)                           2,250            –           82            –             –          (2,332)          –
          Disposals                                       –            –          (250)      (495)           (79)              –        (824)
          At 31 December 2025                       250,938      79,374       235,265       5,141        35,746           5,654     612,118

          Accumulated amortisation and
            depreciation:
          At 1 January 2024                         (70,726)      (9,964)      (68,278)     (2,709)      (17,244)              –    (168,921)
          Charge for the year                       (16,935)      (5,693)      (22,781)      (535)        (4,053)              –     (49,997)
          Written back on disposals                       –            –         5,175           –        1,021                –       6,196
          At 31 December 2024 and
            1 January 2025                          (87,661)    (15,657)       (85,884)    (3,244)       (20,276)              –    (212,722)

          Charge for the year                       (18,306)      (5,688)      (23,694)      (440)        (4,184)              –     (52,312)
          Written back on disposals                       –            –          210         530            67                –        807
          At 31 December 2025                      (105,967)    (21,345)      (109,368)    (3,154)       (24,393)              –    (264,227)

          Net book value:
          At 31 December 2025                       144,971      58,029       125,897       1,987        11,353           5,654     347,891

          At 31 December 2024                       154,795      63,717       124,821       2,190        12,922           5,576     364,021




112    Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




12   RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
     The analysis of the net book value of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset is as follows:


                                                                           Property                Land
                                                                              leased          use right               Total
                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000

     At 1 January 2024                                                      183,627              27,429             211,056
     Additions                                                                 1,847                      –           1,847
     Disposals                                                                (1,670)                     –           (1,670)
     Charge for the year                                                     (25,694)                  (652)        (26,346)
     At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                 158,110              26,777             184,887
     Additions                                                                 3,452                      –           3,452
     Charge for the year                                                     (26,442)                  (652)        (27,094)
     Lease modification                                                        3,921                      –           3,921
     At 31 December 2025                                                    139,041              26,125             165,166


     The analysis of expense items in relation to leases recognised in profit or loss is as follows:


                                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000

     Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                                  27,094              26,346
     Interest on lease liabilities (note 6(a))                                                    7,101               8,038
     Expense relating to short-term leases                                                             810              363


     Details of total cash outflow for leases and the maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in Note 18(d) and
     Note 22 respectively.


     The Group leases hospital buildings and office under leases expiring in no more than twenty years. None of the
     leases includes variable lease payments.




                                                                                                        2025 Annual Report      113
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




  13      INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                               Management      Medical           GSP     Cooperation
                                                   Software       contracts    licences    certificate   relationship       Total
                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000

          Cost:
          At 1 January 2024                          22,478        190,400      61,200          2,700          1,989      278,767
          Addition                                    4,033               –           –             –              –        4,033
          At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025     26,511        190,400      61,200          2,700          1,989      282,800
          Addition                                    2,855               –           –             –              –        2,855
          At 31 December 2025                        29,366        190,400      61,200          2,700          1,989      285,655
          Accumulated amortisation:
          At 1 January 2024                          (3,796)       (17,454)     (11,790)       (1,980)          (332)     (35,352)
          Charge for the year                        (2,361)         (4,760)     (3,060)         (540)          (332)     (11,053)
          At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025     (6,157)       (22,214)    (14,850)        (2,520)          (664)     (46,405)
          Charge for the year                        (3,178)         (4,760)     (3,060)         (180)          (332)     (11,510)
          At 31 December 2025                        (9,335)       (26,974)    (17,910)        (2,700)          (996)     (57,915)

          Net book value:
          At 31 December 2025                        20,031        163,426      43,290              –            993      227,740

          At 31 December 2024                        20,354        168,186      46,350            180          1,325      236,395


          The amortisation charge is included in “cost of sales”, “selling expenses” and “general and administrative
          expenses” according to the function of amortisation charge.


  14      GOODWILL
                                                                                                                        RMB’000

          Cost:
          At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024 and 2025                                                                  667,040


          Accumulated impairment losses:
          At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024 and 2025                                                                   (23,991)
          Carrying amount:
          At 31 December 2025 and 2024                                                                                  643,049




114    Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




14   GOODWILL (Continued)
     Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s cash-generating units identified according to operation and operating
     segment as follows:


                                                                                                 2025                2024
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000

     Western Beijing Cancer Hospital Company Limited
       (“Western Beijing Cancer Hospital”)                                                    323,465             323,465
     Wuzhi Jimin Hospital Company Limited (“Wuzhi Jimin Hospital”)                            110,143             110,143
     Anhui Shoukang Medical Investment Company Limited
       (“Anhui Shoukang Investment”)                                                           98,340               98,340
     Hefei Bayway Hospital Company Limited (“Hefei Bayway Hospital”)                           62,925               62,925
     Others                                                                                    48,176               48,176
                                                                                              643,049             643,049


     The recoverable amounts of the cash-generating units were determined based on value in use calculations of the
     underlying assets with reference to valuation reports issued by an independent valuer. These calculations use cash
     flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period. These cash
     flow projections adopted annual sales growth rates, which are based on the Group’s historical experience with
     these operations and adjusted for other factors that are specific to each cash-generating unit. Cash flows beyond
     the five-year period are extrapolated using an estimated growth rate. The discount rates used are pre-taxed and
     reflect specific risks relating to the respective cash generating units.


     The key assumptions used in the value-in-use calculations for the above cash-generating units are as follows:


                                                                Revenue growth rate
                                                             during the forecast period             Discount rate
                                                                    2025            2024            2025              2024

     Western Beijing Cancer Hospital                               8.91%          9.27%           18.72%            18.25%
     Anhui Shoukang Investment                                     9.52%          7.64%           19.43%            19.30%
     Hefei Bayway Hospital                                       17.95%          15.78%           20.35%            18.39%
     Wuzhi Jimin Hospital                                        10.04%          15.39%           18.61%            18.70%


     The growth rate beyond the forecast period is estimated to be 2% (2024: 2%).


     As a result of the impairment tests, management is of the view that there was no impairment of goodwill as of 31
     December 2025 and 2024.




                                                                                                   2025 Annual Report        115
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




  15      INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
          The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or
          liabilities of the Group. All these entities are domestic limited liability companies.

                                                  Place of
                                                  establishment         Registered            Paid-up    Effective
          Company name                            and operation            capital             capital    interest   Principal activities
          Bayzed Medical Investment               The PRC         RMB1,334,216,046   RMB1,334,216,046    100.00%     Investment holding
            Group Company Limited.
            佰澤醫療投資集團有限公司

          Anhui Shoukang Investment               The PRC          RMB104,109,329     RMB104,109,329      69.92%     Hospital management and
            安徽首康醫療投資有限公司                                                                                               Investment service

          Hefei Bayway Hospital                   The PRC           RMB30,000,000      RMB30,000,000      67.00%     General healthcare services
            合肥佰惠醫院有限公司

          Tianjin Nankai Jixing Hospital          The PRC            RMB6,000,000       RMB6,000,000      70.00%     General healthcare services
             天津南開濟興醫院有限責任公司

          Tianjin Shishi Hospital Company Limited. The PRC          RMB50,000,000      RMB50,000,000      56.00%     General healthcare services
             天津石氏醫院有限公司

          Beijing Medical Creation                The PRC           RMB72,000,000      RMB22,000,000     100.00%     Scientific research centre
            北京醫創聯合科技發展有限公司

          Western Beijing Cancer Hospital         The PRC           RMB50,000,000      RMB50,000,000      70.00%     General healthcare services
           北京京西腫瘤醫院有限公司

          Taiyuan Peace Hospital Company Limited The PRC             RMB5,000,000       RMB5,000,000      59.40%     General healthcare services
            太原和平醫院有限公司

          Wuzhi Jimin Hospital                    The PRC           RMB40,000,000      RMB40,000,000      68.00%     General healthcare services
           武陟濟民醫院有限責任公司

          Huangshan Bokang Pharmacy Co., Ltd.     The PRC              RMB600,000         RMB600,000      69.92%     Supply of pharmaceuticals,
            黃山博康大藥房有限公司                                                                                                medical equipment and
                                                                                                                       consumables

          Anhui Ruizhong Medical Technology       The PRC           RMB10,000,000       RMB2,500,000      69.92%     Supply of medical equipment
            Company Limited.                                                                                           and consumables
            安徽省瑞眾醫療科技有限公司

          Huangshan Bohong Pharmaceutical         The PRC           RMB10,000,000      RMB10,000,000      69.92%     Supply of pharmaceuticals,
            Sales Company Limited.                                                                                     medical equipment and
            黃山博宏醫藥銷售有限公司                                                                                               consumables

          Beiyi Baihui Medical Management         The PRC          RMB194,497,341     RMB194,497,341     100.00%     Investment holding
            (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
            北醫佰惠醫療管理(上海)有限公司




116    Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




16   INVENTORIES
                                                                                                2025                2024
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000

     Pharmaceuticals                                                                          44,300              45,499
     Medical consumables                                                                        9,417             11,584
     Medical equipment                                                                          4,712               4,410
     Spare parts                                                                                1,438               1,265
                                                                                              59,867              62,758


     The analysis of the amount of inventories recognised as an expense and included in profit or loss is as follows:


                                                                                                2025                2024
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000

     Carrying amount of inventories sold                                                     589,868             660,986


17   TRADE AND BILL RECEIVABLES, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
     (a)    Trade and bill receivables
                                                                                                2025                2024
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000

            Trade receivables
            – Related parties                                                                 44,523              44,857
            – Third parties                                                                  182,771             187,043
            Less: loss allowance                                                               (4,749)             (4,270)
                                                                                             222,545             227,630
            Bills receivables                                                                 16,081              34,457
                                                                                             238,626             262,087




                                                                                                  2025 Annual Report         117
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




  17      TRADE AND BILL RECEIVABLES, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
          (a)    Trade and bill receivables (Continued)
                 Ageing analysis

                 As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade receivables, based on the invoice date
                 and net of loss allowance, is as follows:


                                                                                                             2025                 2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000

                 Within 3 months                                                                          137,981             156,536
                 3 to 6 months                                                                             54,913               61,977
                 6 to 9 months                                                                             20,898                4,162
                 9 to 12 months                                                                              4,054               3,159
                 Over 1 year                                                                                 4,699               1,796
                                                                                                          222,545             227,630


                 Further details on the Group’s credit policy and credit risk arising from trade receivables are set out in Note
                 26(a).


          (b)    Prepayments and other receivables
                 The Group

                                                                                                             2025                 2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000

                 Prepayments for inventories and services                                                  12,692               15,917
                 Prepayment for cost incurred in connection with the proposed
                       issuance of the Company’s shares                                                           –              5,324
                 Receivables from related parties (i)                                                     215,630               86,802
                 Deposits                                                                                    5,005               6,864
                 Amounts due from staffs in relation to share-based payments                                    70                 470
                 Others                                                                                      4,488               5,260
                                                                                                          237,885             120,637


                 (i)       Receivables from related parties represent the unsecured, interest-free loans due from hospitals managed by the
                           Group, which expected to be settled within 1 year.




118    Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




18   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION
     (a)   Cash and cash equivalents:
                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000

           Cash on hand                                                                 899                 884
           Cash at bank                                                            623,688             311,626
           Less: restricted deposits                                                  8,615             18,270
           Cash and cash equivalents                                               615,972             294,240


     (b)   Reconciliation of profit before taxation to cash generated from operations:
                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                   Note           RMB’000             RMB’000

           Profit before taxation                                                     9,292             13,312


           Adjustments for:
             Depreciation and amortisation                         6(c)             90,916              87,396
             Finance costs                                         6(a)             21,580              21,677
             Net loss/(gain) on disposal of property,
                plant and equipment                                 5                      7                  (2)
             Impairment loss on trade and bills receivables, net   26                   479                 649


           Changes in working capital:
           – inventories                                                              2,891              (3,099)
           – trade and bill receivables                                             17,982             (86,415)
           – prepayments and other receivables                                        7,878              (4,624)
           – trade and bills payables                                              123,119             232,530
           – other payables                                                         (24,705)             (2,477)
           – contract liabilities                                                   (18,171)           (44,842)
           – restricted cash                                                          9,655            (18,270)
           Cash generated from operations                                          240,923             195,835




                                                                                        2025 Annual Report          119
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




  18      CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)
          (c)    Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
                 The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and
                 non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which cash flows were, or
                 future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated cash flow statement as cash flows from
                 financing activities.


                                                                                                           Payable for
                                                                                                           acquisition
                                                                 Interest-                    Advances        of non-
                                                                  bearing         Lease     from related   controlling
                                                               borrowings     liabilities        parties     interests       Total
                                                                 RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                 (Note 21)    (Note 22)        (Note 19)

                 At 1 January 2025                                357,190      160,068                –              –    517,258
                 Changes from financing cash flows:
                 Proceeds from interest-bearing
                    borrowings                                    265,659              –              –              –    265,659
                 Repayment of interest-bearing
                    borrowings                                   (429,401)             –              –              –    (429,401)
                 Interest expense paid                            (14,429)             –              –              –     (14,429)
                 Advances from related parties                           –             –             85              –         85
                 Payment for acquisition of non-
                    controlling interests                                –             –              –        (17,248)    (17,248)
                 Capital element of lease rentals paid                   –      (24,229)              –              –     (24,229)
                 Interest element of lease rentals paid                  –       (7,101)              –              –      (7,101)
                 Total changes from financing
                    cash flows                                   (178,171)      (31,330)             85        (17,248)   (226,664)
                 Other changes:
                 Interest-bearing borrowings arising
                    from supplier finance arrangements            212,738              –              –              –    212,738
                 Acquisition of non-controlling interests                –             –              –        17,248      17,248
                 Increase in lease liabilities from entering
                    into new leases during the year                      –        3,452               –              –       3,452
                 Lease modification                                      –        3,921               –              –       3,921
                 Discounted bill receivables matured                (5,000)            –              –              –      (5,000)
                 Interest expenses                                 14,429         7,101               –              –     21,530
                 Total other changes                              222,167        14,474               –        17,248     253,889

                 At 31 December 2025                              401,186      143,212               85              –    544,483




120    Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




18   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)
     (c)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (Continued)
                                                                                                        Payable for
                                                                                                        acquisition
                                                            Interest-                    Advances          of non-
                                                             bearing       Lease       from related     controlling
                                                          borrowings    liabilities         parties       interests          Total
                                                           RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                           (Note 21)    (Note 22)        (Note 19)

           At 1 January 2024                                351,356     178,911              1,498             606        532,371
           Changes from financing cash flows:
           Proceeds from interest-bearing
              borrowings                                    206,808              –               –               –        206,808
           Repayment of interest-bearing
              borrowings                                   (350,849)             –               –               –       (350,849)
           Interest expense paid                             (13,462)            –               –               –        (13,462)
           Repayment to related parties                            –             –          (1,498)              –         (1,498)
           Payment for acquisition of non-
              controlling interests                                –             –               –          (3,771)        (3,771)
           Capital element of lease rentals paid                   –     (19,001)                –               –        (19,001)
           Interest element of lease rentals paid                  –      (8,038)                –               –         (8,038)
           Total changes from financing
              cash flows                                   (157,503)     (27,039)           (1,498)         (3,771)      (189,811)
           Other changes:
           Interest-bearing borrowings arising
              from supplier finance arrangements            169,875              –               –               –        169,875
           Acquisition of non-controlling interests                –             –               –           3,165          3,165
           Increase in lease liabilities from entering
              into new leases during the year                      –       1,847                 –               –          1,847
           Lease disposals                                         –      (1,689)                –               –         (1,689)
           Discounted bill receivables matured               (20,000)            –               –               –        (20,000)
           Interest expenses                                 13,462        8,038                 –               –         21,500
           Total other changes                              163,337        8,196                 –           3,165        174,698

           At 31 December 2024                              357,190     160,068                  –               –        517,258




                                                                                                          2025 Annual Report         121
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




  18      CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)
          (d)    Total cash outflow for leases
                 Amounts included in the cash flow statements for leases represented lease rentals paid and comprise the
                 following:


                                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000

                 Within operating cash flows                                                          810                363
                 Within financing cash flows                                                       31,330             27,039
                                                                                                   32,140             27,402


  19      TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
          (a)    Trade and bills payables
                                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000

                 Trade payables                                                                  189,009            292,183
                 Bills payable                                                                     35,252             21,697
                                                                                                 224,261            313,880


                 All trade and bills payables are expected to be settled within one year or are repayable on demand.


                 As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade payables, based on the invoice date, is as
                 follows:


                                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000

                 Within 3 months                                                                 133,118            163,593
                 3 to 6 months                                                                     29,532             74,983
                 6 to 12 months                                                                    11,074             33,401
                 Over 1 year                                                                       15,285             20,206
                                                                                                 189,009            292,183




122    Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




19   TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (Continued)
     (b)    Other payables
                                                                                               2025                2024
                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000

            Salary and welfare payables                                                      56,541              63,116
            Other taxes payable                                                                1,340               4,567
            Advances from related parties                                                         85                    –
            Payables for purchase of property, plant and equipment                           14,360              18,331
            Others                                                                           27,016              29,163
                                                                                             99,342             115,177


            All other payables and accrued expenses are expected to be settled within one year or are repayable on
            demand.


20   CONTRACT LIABILITIES


                                                                                               2025                2024
                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000

     Supply of pharmaceuticals, medical equipment and consumables                              6,448             25,570
     Providing services                                                                        6,120               5,169
                                                                                             12,568              30,739


     Contract liabilities primarily relate to the considerations received from customers before the Group satisfying
     performance obligations. It would be recognised as revenue upon the rendering of goods and services. The
     contract liabilities balance as at 1 January 2025 and 2024 has been substantially recognised as revenue during the
     respective years.


21   INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS
     (a)    The analysis of the carrying amount of interest-bearing borrowings is as follows:
                                                                                               2025                2024
                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000

            Bank borrowings
               Guaranteed by subsidiaries of the Group                                      389,808             335,190
               Guaranteed by the Group and secured by the trade receivables                    6,378             20,000
               Unsecured and unguaranteed                                                      5,000               2,000
                                                                                            401,186             357,190




                                                                                                 2025 Annual Report         123
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




  21      INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS (Continued)
          (b)    The Group’s interest-bearing borrowings are repayable as follows:
                                                                                                2025              2024
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000

                 Within 1 year or on demand                                                  327,186           292,090
                 After 1 year but within 2 years                                              26,000            20,500
                 After 2 years but within 5 years                                             48,000            44,600
                                                                                              74,000            65,100

                                                                                             401,186           357,190


          (c)    Interest-bearing borrowings arising from supplier finance arrangements
                 The Group has entered certain reverse factoring arrangements with banks, under which the Group
                 obtained extended credit in respect of the invoice amounts owed to certain suppliers of pharmaceuticals,
                 medical consumables and medical equipment.


                 Under these arrangements, the banks pay suppliers the amounts owed by the Group on the original
                 due dates, which are normally 0–180 days after the invoice date. The Group then settles with the banks
                 between 30–364 days after the original due dates with the suppliers.


                 In the consolidated statement of financial position, the Group has presented the payables to the banks
                 under these arrangements as “interest-bearing borrowings”, in view of the nature and function of
                 such liabilities when compared with the Groups trade payables to suppliers. At 31 December 2025, the
                 carrying amount of financial liabilities under these arrangements amounted to RMB158,565,000 (2024:
                 RMB129,423,000), of which suppliers have received payments from the banks.


                 At 31 December 2025, in the consolidated cash flow statement, payments to the banks are included within
                 financing cash flows based on the nature of the arrangements, and payments to the suppliers by the banks
                 amounting to RMB212,738,000 (2024: RMB169,875,000), are non-cash transactions.




124    Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




22   LEASE LIABILITIES
     At 31 December 2025, the lease liabilities were repayable as follows:


                                                                    2025                                2024
                                                              Present                           Present
                                                         value of the            Total      value of the            Total
                                                            minimum          minimum          minimum           minimum
                                                                lease            lease             lease            lease
                                                           payments          payments         payments          payments
                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000

     Within 1 year                                             18,933          24,924            22,908           29,746
     After 1 year but within 2 years                           19,537          25,739            18,130           23,697
     After 2 years but within 5 years                          48,282          59,351            59,059           73,659
     After 5 years                                             56,460          70,483            59,971           77,359
                                                             124,279          155,573          137,160           174,715

                                                             143,212          180,497          160,068           204,461

     Less: total future interest expenses                                      (37,285)                          (44,393)
     Present value of lease liabilities                                       143,212                            160,068


23   INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     (a)      Current taxation in the consolidated statement of financial position represents:
                                                                                               2025                2024
                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000

              At the beginning of the year                                                     6,979             15,745
              Provision for the year                                                         18,204              18,529
              Income tax paid                                                                (18,579)            (27,295)
              At the end of the year                                                           6,604               6,979




                                                                                                 2025 Annual Report         125
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




  23      INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
          (Continued)
          (b)    Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised:
                 (i)     Movement of each component of deferred tax assets and liabilities

                         The components of deferred tax (assets)/liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of
                         financial position and the movements during the year are as follows:


                                                                           Fair value
                                                                         adjustments
                                                      Accelerated tax   on intangible
                                                       allowance for      assets and
                                                        depreciation          related     Right-of-           Lease
                         Deferred tax arising from:        expenses     amortisation     use assets       liabilities       Total
                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000

                         At 1 January 2024                    (3,772)         (45,702)     (39,136)          44,728       (43,882)


                         Charged/(credited) to
                            profit or loss                    (1,244)          1,884         4,981           (3,961)       1,660
                         At 31 December 2024 and
                            1 January 2025                    (5,016)        (43,818)      (34,155)          40,767       (42,222)


                         Charged/(credited) to
                            profit or loss                    (2,003)          1,794         4,658           (4,215)         234
                         At 31 December 2025                  (7,019)        (42,024)      (29,497)          36,552       (41,988)


                 (ii)    Reconciliation to the consolidated statement of financial position:

                                                                                                         2025              2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000

                         Net deferred tax assets in the consolidated statement of
                            financial position                                                          6,454             6,765
                         Net deferred tax liabilities in the consolidated statement of
                            financial position                                                         (48,442)          (48,987)
                                                                                                       (41,988)          (42,222)




126    Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




23   INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     (Continued)
     (c)   Deferred tax assets not recognised
           At 31 December 2025, the Group has not recognised deferred tax assets in respect of cumulative tax losses
           of RMB332,091,000 (2024: RMB333,630,000) as it is not probable that future taxable profits against
           which the losses can be utilised will be available in the relevant tax jurisdiction and entity.


           Pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC, the unrecognised tax losses at the end of the
           reporting period will expire in the following years:


                                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000

           2025                                                                                       –            63,752
           2026                                                                                 60,824             60,824
           2027                                                                                 75,373             75,373
           2028                                                                                 62,978             63,009
           2029                                                                                 50,038             70,672
           2030                                                                                 82,878                    –
                                                                                              332,091             333,630




                                                                                                    2025 Annual Report        127
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




  24      CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS
          (a)    Movements in components of equity
                 The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s
                 consolidated equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the changes
                 in the Company’s individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of the year are set
                 out below:


                 The Company

                                                             Share      Share      Exchange     Accumulated
                                                            capital   premium        reserve          losses        Total
                                                           RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000

                 Balance at 1 January 2024                      78     135,175        (1,376)       (15,715)     118,162


                 Changes in equity for 2024:
                 Loss for the year                               –           –             –        (14,596)      (14,596)
                 Other comprehensive income                      –           –          671               –          671

                 Total comprehensive income                      –           –          671         (14,596)      (13,925)
                 Balance at 31 December 2024 and
                    1 January 2025                              78     135,175         (705)        (30,311)     104,237


                 Changes in equity for 2025:
                 Loss for the year                               –           –             –        (24,736)      (24,736)
                 Other comprehensive income                      –           –       (13,108)             –       (13,108)

                 Total comprehensive income                      –           –       (13,108)       (24,736)      (37,844)


                 Issuance of shares upon listing, net of
                    issuance expenses                            9     489,070             –              –      489,079
                 Balance at 31 December 2025                    87     624,245       (13,813)       (55,047)     555,472




128    Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




24   CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)
     (b)   Share capital
           The Company was incorporated as an exempted company with limited liability in the Cayman Islands on 9
           December 2021, with an authorised share capital of US$50,000, divided into 5,000,000,000 shares with
           par value of US$0.00001 each.


           Issued share capital

                                                                         2025                                2024
                                                           No. of shares          RMB’000        No. of shares         RMB’000

           At 1 January                                    1,185,361,023                 78    1,185,361,023                 78
           Issuance of shares (i)                            133,105,800                  9                  –                 –
           At 31 December                                  1,318,466,823                 87    1,185,361,023                 78


           (i)     On 23 June 2025, the Company was listed on the Stock Exchange. 133,105,800 ordinary shares of par value
                   of US$0.00001 each were issued at a price of HK$4.22 per ordinary share upon the listing of the shares of the
                   Company. The proceeds of HK$10,448 (equivalent to approximately RMB9,000), representing the par value,
                   were credited to the Company’s share capital. The remaining proceeds, net of share issuance expenses (including
                   issuance expenses of RMB5,324,000 paid prior to 2025), of approximately HK$535,368,000 (equivalent to
                   approximately RMB489,070,000) were credited to the Company’s share premium account.


     (c)   Nature and purpose of reserves
           (i)     Share premium

                   Share premium represents the difference between the consideration and the par value of the issued
                   and paid-up shares of the Company.


           (ii)    Capital reserve

                   Capital reserve represents the balance arising from the reorganisation of the group entities for the
                   purpose of the listing of the Company.


           (iii)   Exchange reserve

                   The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of
                   the financial statements of operations outside the Chinese mainland. The reserve is dealt with in
                   accordance with the accounting policies as set out in Note 2(s).


           (iv)    Other reserve

                   The balance of other reserve at the end of each reporting period represents the differences between
                   consideration paid/received and non-controlling interests acquired/disposed; and accumulated fair
                   value of equity-settled share-based payment.




                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report          129
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




  24      CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)
          (d)    Dividend
                 The Company did not declare and pay any dividends for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: Nil).


          (e)    Capital management
                 The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue
                 as a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other
                 stakeholders, by pricing products and services commensurately with the level of risk and by securing access
                 to finance at a reasonable cost.


                 The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintain a balance between
                 the higher shareholder returns that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings and the advantages
                 and security afforded by a sound capital position, and makes adjustments to the capital structure in light of
                 changes in economic conditions.


                 Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries are subject to externally imposed capital requirements.


  25      ACQUISITIONS OF NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
          (a)    In June 2024, the Group acquired 6.62% non-controlling interests of Yizhong Junan Hospital Management
                 at the consideration of RMB3,165,000. As a result of the acquisition, the Group’s shareholding in Yizhong
                 Junan Hospital Management increased from 58.00% to 64.62%.


                 The decrease in equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company is calculated as follows:


                                                                                                                   RMB’000

                 Carrying amount of NCI acquired                                                                         468
                 Less: Cash consideration paid in 2024                                                                 3,165
                 A decrease in equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                               (2,697)




130    Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




25   ACQUISITIONS OF NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (Continued)
     (b)    In 2025, the Group acquired non-controlling interests of Yizhong Junan Hospital Management and Anhui
            Shoukang Investment of 35.38% and 0.13%, respectively, for consideration of RMB17,248,000. As a
            result of the acquisition, the Group’s shareholding in Yizhong Junan Hospital Management and Anhui
            Shoukang Investment increased to 100.00% and 70.05%, respectively.


            The decrease in equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company is calculated as follows:


                                                                                                                RMB’000

            Carrying amount of NCI acquired                                                                         4,959
            Less: Cash consideration paid in 2025                                                                 17,248
            A decrease in equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                              (12,289)


26   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
     Exposure to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks arise in the normal course of the Group’s business. The Group is
     not exposed to significant currency risk.


     The Group’s exposure to these risks and the financial risk management policies and practices used by the Group
     to manage these risks are described below.


     (a)    Credit risk
            Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in
            a financial loss to the Group. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to trade receivables and
            prepayments, deposits and other receivables. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from cash at bank
            is limited because the counterparties are banks with good credit standing, for which the Group considers
            having low credit risk. Except for the financial guarantee given by the Group as set out in note 27(c), the
            Group does not provide any other guarantees which would expose the Group to credit risk.


            Trade receivables

            The Group’s trade receivables due from third parties mainly arose from providing hospital service to
            patients and supplying pharmaceuticals, medical equipment and consumables, without any single customer
            contributing material revenue.


            For the receivables from hospital service, the Group has concentrated debtor’s portfolio, as majority
            patients will claim their medical bill from public medical insurance program. The reimbursement from these
            organisations may take one to three months. The Group has policy in place to ensure the treatments and
            medicines prescribed and provided to such insured patients are in line with the policies of the respective
            organisations, and fulfilling all ethics and moral responsibilities as a healthcare provider. The carrying
            amount of receivables from public medical insurance programs is RMB160,657,000 at 31 December 2025
            (2024: RMB160,006,000).




                                                                                                  2025 Annual Report        131
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




  26      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
          (Continued)
          (a)    Credit risk (Continued)
                 Trade receivables (Continued)

                 For the receivables from supplying pharmaceuticals, medical equipment and consumables, the Group
                 has granted credit terms of one to three months and would follow up actively on the settlement with
                 respective counterparties to avoid any overdue receivables.


                 The Group has performed an impairment analysis at the end of each reporting period using a provision
                 matrix to measure expected credit losses. The provision rates are based on aging of trade receivables for
                 groupings of various debtor segments with similar loss patterns. The calculation reflects the historical credit
                 losses experienced and reasonable and supportable information that is available at the year end date about
                 past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.


                 The following tables provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade
                 receivables mainly from supplying pharmaceuticals, medical equipment and consumables:


                                                                                                2025
                                                                                                    Gross
                                                                               Expected           carrying               Loss
                                                                               loss rate          amount          allowance
                                                                                     %           RMB’000            RMB’000

                 Current (not past due)                                          2.55%             15,500                (395)
                 0–3 months past due                                            19.99%               1,871               (374)
                 4–6 months past due                                            47.66%               1,347               (642)
                 7–9 months past due                                            57.35%                 136                (78)
                 10–12 months past due                                         100.00%                 614               (614)
                 More than 1 year past due                                     100.00%               2,646             (2,646)
                                                                                                   22,114              (4,749)




132    Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




26   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
     (Continued)
     (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
           Trade receivables (Continued)

                                                                                        2024
                                                                                             Gross
                                                                       Expected            carrying                 Loss
                                                                       loss rate           amount           allowance
                                                                             %           RMB’000             RMB’000

           Current (not past due)                                        1.65%             20,281                 (334)
           0–3 months past due                                         20.16%                3,045                (614)
           4–6 months past due                                         35.91%                  440                (158)
           7–9 months past due                                         54.47%                  235                (128)
           10–12 months past due                                      100.00%                  185                (185)
           More than 1 year past due                                  100.00%                2,851              (2,851)
                                                                                           27,037               (4,270)


           Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past 12 months. These rates are adjusted
           to reflect differences between economic conditions during the period over which the historic data has
           been collected, current conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions over the expected lives of
           the receivables.


           Movements in the loss allowance account in respect of trade receivables from supplying pharmaceutical
           and medical equipment and consumables and providing hospital service during the year are as follows:


                                                                                             2025                2024
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000

           Balance at 1 January                                                              4,270               3,621
           Impairment losses recognised                                                        479                  649
           Balance at 31 December                                                            4,749               4,270


           Other receivables and balances due from related parties

           In respect of trade receivables due from related parties, other receivables on behalf of deposits and
           prepayments, the Group has assessed that the expected credit loss for these receivables is immaterial.




                                                                                               2025 Annual Report          133
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




  26      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
          (Continued)
          (b)    Liquidity risk
                 The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor its liquidity requirements and its compliance with lending
                 covenants and its relationship with finance providers, to ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves of cash
                 and readily realisable marketable securities and adequate committed lines of funding from major financial
                 institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.


                 The following tables show the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period of
                 the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows
                 (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on rates current at the
                 end of the reporting period) and the date the Group is contractually required to pay, or if the counterparty
                 has the choice of when the amount should be paid (irrespective of the fulfilment of covenants), the earliest
                 date the Group can be required to pay.


                                                                                          2025
                                                                      Undiscounted cash outflow

                                                                More than       More than
                                                     Within     1 year but     2 years but                                    Carrying
                                                   1 year or     less than       less than       More than                   amount at
                                                  on demand        2 years         5 years            5 years        Total      31 Dec
                                                    RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

                 Interest-bearing borrowings        338,343        27,118           50,064                  –     415,525      401,186
                 Lease liabilities                   24,924        25,739           59,351            70,483      180,497      143,212
                 Trade and bills payables           224,261              –               –                  –     224,261      224,261
                 Other payables                      99,342              –               –                  –      99,342       99,342
                                                    686,870        52,857          109,415            70,483      919,625      868,001


                                                                                          2024
                                                                        Undiscounted cash outflow

                                                                More than        More than
                                                      Within     1 year but     2 years but                                    Carrying
                                                    1 year or     less than       less than         More than                amount at
                                                  on demand         2 years         5 years            5 years       Total      31 Dec
                                                    RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000

                 Interest-bearing borrowings        303,014        21,367           46,665                  –     371,046      357,190
                 Lease liabilities                   29,746        23,697           73,659            77,359      204,461      160,068
                 Trade and bills payables           313,880              –               –                  –     313,880      313,880
                 Other payables                     115,177              –               –                  –     115,177      115,177
                                                    761,817        45,064          120,324            77,359     1,004,564     946,315




134    Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




26   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
     (Continued)
     (c)   Interest rate risk
           Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate
           because of changes in market interest rates. The Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from long-term
           borrowings. Borrowings issued at variable rates and fixed rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate
           risk and fair value interest rate risk respectively. The Group has a policy of ensuring that between 3.60%
           and 4.95% of its borrowings are effectively on a fixed rate basis through the contractual terms of the
           interest-bearing financial liabilities. The Group’s interest rate risk profile as monitored by management is
           set out in (ii) below.


           (i)     Interest rate risk profile

                   The following table, as reported to the management of the Group, details the interest rate risk
                   profile of the Group’s borrowings at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                              Notional amount
                                                                                                2025                2024
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000

                   Fixed rate borrowings:
                   Interest-bearing borrowings                                               344,809             301,811
                   Lease liabilities                                                         143,212             160,068
                                                                                             488,021             461,879


                   Variable rate borrowings:
                   Interest-bearing borrowings                                                56,377              55,379
                   Total                                                                     544,398             517,258


           (ii)    Sensitivity analysis

                   At 31 December 2025, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 100 basis points in
                   interest rates, with all other variables held constant, would have decreased/increased the Group’s
                   profit after tax and retained profits by approximately RMB423,000 (2024: RMB415,000). Other
                   components of consolidated equity would have increased/decreased by approximately RMB423,000
                   (2024: RMB415,000) in response to the general increase/decrease in interest rates.


                   The sensitivity analysis above indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s loss after tax (and
                   accumulated losses) that would arise assuming that the change in interest rates had occurred at the
                   end of the reporting period and the exposure to cash flow interest rate risk arising from floating
                   rate non-derivative instruments held by the Group at the end of the reporting period, the impact on
                   the Group’s loss after tax (and accumulated losses) and other components of consolidated equity is
                   estimated as an annualised impact on interest expense or income of such a change in interest rates.
                   The analysis is performed on the same basis as 2024.




                                                                                                  2025 Annual Report          135
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




  27      MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
          (a)    Key management personnel remuneration
                 Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group, including amounts paid to the Company’s
                 directors as disclosed in note 8 and certain of the highest paid employees as disclosed in note 9, is as
                 follows:


                                                                                                2025              2024
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000

                 Short-term employee benefits                                                   6,949            8,351
                 Post-employment benefits                                                       1,538              340
                                                                                                8,487            8,691


                 Total remuneration is included in “staff costs” (see note 6(b)).


          (b)    Significant related party transactions
                                                                                                2025              2024
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000

                 Sale of goods to hospitals managed by the Group                              95,093           111,595


                 Provision of service to hospitals managed by the Group                       33,998            39,567


                 Provision of interest-free advances to related parties,
                    net of repayment
                 – hospitals managed by the Group                                            128,828            (96,820)
                 – entities that have significant influence over the Group                          –            (1,800)


                 Provision of interest-free advances by hospital managed
                    by the Group, net of repayment                                                 85            (1,498)


                 Repayment of loans from entity that has significant influence
                    over the Group                                                                  –           (16,194)


                 Interest expenses to entity that has significant influence over
                    the Group                                                                       –              669




136    Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




27   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
     (c)   Balances with related parties
                                                                                                     2025                2024
                                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000

           Trade related:
           Trade receivables
           – hospitals managed by the Group                                                        44,523              44,857


           Contract liabilities
           – hospitals managed by the Group                                                         5,347              25,360


           Non-trade related:
           Other receivables
           – hospitals managed by the Group                                                      215,630               86,802


           Other payables
           – hospitals managed by the Group                                                             85                    –


           Guarantees provided in respect of loans of
           – hospital managed by the Group (i)                                                   144,200              177,615


           Note:


           (i)     The Group has issued guarantees to certain banks in respect of the credit facilities of RMB260,000,000 granted
                   to a hospital managed by the Group as at 31 December 2025 (2024: RMB288,000,000).




                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report         137
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




  28      COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                         31 December         31 December
                                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000

          Non-current assets
          Investments in subsidiaries                                                                 *                  *
          Prepayments and other receivables                                                    366,299             79,340
                                                                                               366,299             79,340
          Current assets
          Prepayments and other receivables                                                           1             6,230
          Cash and cash equivalents                                                            244,695             55,825
                                                                                               244,696             62,055
          Current liabilities
          Other payables                                                                         55,523            37,158
                                                                                                 55,523            37,158

          Net current assets                                                                   189,173             24,897

          Total assets less current liabilities                                                555,472            104,237
          NET ASSETS                                                                           555,472            104,237
          CAPITAL AND RESERVES
          Share capital                                                                              87                78
          Reserves                                                                             555,385            104,159
          TOTAL EQUITY                                                                         555,472            104,237


          *      The balance represents an amount less than RMB500.


  29      NON-ADJUSTING EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
          No significant subsequent events have occurred subsequent to 31 December 2025.


  30      IMMEDIATE AND ULTIMATE CONTROLLING PARTY
          At 31 December 2025, the directors consider the immediate parent and ultimate controlling party of the Group to
          be Bayway Fund L.P and Xu Xu, respectively. This entity does not produce financial statements available for public
          use.




138    Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




31   POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS
     ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
     Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the IASB has issued a number of new or amended standards,
     which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2025 and which have not been adopted in these
     financial statements. These developments include the following which may be relevant to the Group.


                                                                                    Effective for accounting
                                                                                    periods beginning on or after

     Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity                             1 January 2026
       (Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7)


     Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of                            1 January 2026
       Financial Instruments (Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7)


     Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards                               1 January 2026
       (Amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 7, IFRS 9, IFRS 10 and IAS 7)


     Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (IFRS 18)                  1 January 2027


     Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures (IFRS 19)              1 January 2027


     Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or        Optional
       Joint Venture (Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28)

     The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is expected
     to be in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is unlikely to have a
     significant impact on the consolidated financial statements except for the following:


     IFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements
     IFRS 18 will replace IAS 1 Presentation of financial statements and aims to improve the transparency and
     comparability of information about an entity’s financial statements. IFRS 18 is effective for annual reporting
     periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027 and is to be applied retrospectively.


     Among other changes, under IFRS 18, entities are required to classify all income and expenses into five categories
     in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, namely the operating, investing, financing,
     discontinued operations and income tax categories. Entities are also required to provide specific disclosures about
     management defined performance measures in a single note in the financial statements.


     The Group does not plan to early adopt IFRS 18. IFRS 18 will impact the presentation of financial statements and is
     not expected to have significant impact on the financial performance and positions of the Group.




                                                                                                  2025 Annual Report       139
  FOUR-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY


                                                          For the year ended December 31,
                                                  2025            2024            2023          2022
                                                           (RMB’000, except percentage)

  Operating Results
  Revenue                                     1,119,849        1,188,846     1,072,173       802,652
  Gross profit                                 190,812          208,197        178,164        79,557
  Profit/(loss) from operations                 30,872            34,989        22,432        (38,087)
  Profit/(loss) before taxation                  9,292            13,312         (4,610)      (62,524)
  Loss for the year                              (8,678)          (3,557)       (24,406)      (75,515)
  Total comprehensive income for the year       (21,384)          (2,287)       (26,063)      (75,547)

  Profitability
  Gross profit margin                            17.0%            17.5%         16.6%           9.9%
  Adjusted EBITDA margin (non-IFRS measure)      12.9%            11.4%         11.4%           4.4%

  Financial Position
  Total assets                                2,556,128        2,203,086     2,211,406      2,110,951

  Total liabilities                            935,615         1,033,020     1,035,888      1,024,461

  Total equity                                1,620,513        1,170,066     1,175,518      1,086,490




140   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                                                       DEFINITIONS


“AGM”                       the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to be held on or before
                            June 30, 2026


“Anhui Beiyi Huifang”       Anhui Beiyi Huifang Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (安徽北醫
                            惠方股權投資合夥企業(有限合夥)) is a limited partnership established in the PRC
                            on January 8, 2020 with Baihui Investment Fund being the sole general partner
                            (as to 4.7619% of the partnership interests) and Beijing Hopson Jiaye Property
                            Management Company Limited* (北京合生嘉業物業管理有限公司) being the
                            limited partner (as to 95.2381% of the partnership interests); Anhui Beiyi Huifang is
                            a Controlling Shareholder


“Anhui Beiyi Huijin”        Anhui Beiyi Huijin Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (安徽北醫匯
                            金股權投資合夥企業(有限合夥)) is a limited partnership established in the PRC on
                            January 15, 2020 with Baihui Investment Fund being the sole general partner (as
                            to 1.9608% of the partnership interests) and Gongqingcheng Yusheng Investment
                            Management Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (共青城鈺晟投資管理合夥企業(有限
                            合夥)) being the limited partner (as to 98.0392% of the partnership interests); Anhui
                            Beiyi Huijin is a Controlling Shareholder


“Anhui Beiyi Huitong”       Anhui Beiyi Huitong Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (安徽北醫
                            匯通股權投資合夥企業(有限合夥)) is a limited partnership established in the PRC
                            on March 31, 2021 with Baihui Investment Fund being the sole general partner (as
                            to 9.0909% of the partnership interests) and Shanghai Yuzheng Zerong Enterprise
                            Management Company Limited* (上海毓正澤榮企業管理有限公司) being the
                            limited partner (as to 90.9091% of the partnership interests); Anhui Beiyi Huitong is
                            a Controlling Shareholder


“Articles of Association”   the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company
                            adopted on June 9, 2025 which became effective on the Listing Date (as amended
                            from time to time)


“associates”                has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules


“Audit Committee”           the audit committee of the Board


“Backspace”                 Backspace Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands as a company
                            limited by shares on August 4, 2022, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Shanghai
                            Huitong and a Controlling Shareholder


“Baihui Investment Fund”    Beijing Baihui Investment Fund Management Company Limited* (北京佰惠投資基金
                            管理有限公司), a company established in the PRC with limited liability on October 9,
                            2015 and being owned as to 80% by Ms. Xu and is a Controlling Shareholder




                                                                                         2025 Annual Report         141
  DEFINITIONS




  “Bayway Fund L.P.”             Bayway Fund L.P., an exempted limited partnership registered in the Cayman Islands
                                 on October 8, 2021 and controlled by Ms. Xu, and is a Controlling Shareholder


  “Board”                        the board of Directors of the Company


  “Blue Crystal K”               Blue Crystal K Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands as a
                                 company limited by shares on September 15, 2021, a wholly-owned subsidiary of
                                 Shanghai Minbei and a Controlling Shareholder


  “CG Code”                      the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules


  “Chairman”                     the chairman of the Board


  “China” or “PRC”               the People’s Republic of China, but for the purpose of this annual report and for
                                 geographical reference only, references herein to “China” and the “PRC” do not
                                 apply to Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan


  “Cheery Smiley”                Cheery Smiley Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands as
                                 a company limited by shares on August 4, 2022, a wholly-owned subsidiary of
                                 Shanghai Huifang and a Controlling Shareholder


  “Company”                      Bayzed Health Group Inc (佰澤醫療集團), an exempted company incorporated under
                                 the laws of the Cayman Islands with limited liability on December 9, 2021


  “Companies Ordinance”          the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as amended,
                                 supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time


  “Concert Party Agreements”     collectively, the original concert party agreement entered into between Suzhou Beiyi
                                 Baihui and Shanghai Xukun Management in March 2020, and the concert party
                                 agreement entered into between Bayway Fund L.P. and Xuxi Holding in May 2023


  “Controlling Shareholder(s)”   include the shareholder(s) who is/are or is/are deemed as Controlling Shareholder(s)
                                 of the Company, which has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing
                                 Rules and unless the context requires otherwise, refers to Ms. Xu and the entities
                                 controlled by her, namely, Bayway Fund L.P., Rose Violet X, Wineberry X, Crimson X,
                                 Blue Crystal K, Shanghai Minbei, Suzhou Beiyi Baihui, Baihui Investment Fund, Sugar
                                 Berry, Shanghai Huijin, Anhui Beiyi Huijin, Cheery Smiley, Shanghai Huifang, Anhui
                                 Beiyi Huifang, Backspace, Shanghai Huitong, Anhui Beiyi Huitong, and Xuxi Holding,
                                 Shanghai Xukun Management, Shanghai Xuxi Management, Zhu Hongbing (朱紅
                                 兵) and Cui Yifan (崔一帆) pursuant to the arrangement under the Concert Party
                                 Agreements




142   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                                                               DEFINITIONS




“Crimson X”                      Crimson X Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands as a company
                                 limited by shares on September 6, 2021, which is wholly-owned by Ms. Xu and is a
                                 Controlling Shareholder


“Director(s)”                    the director(s) of the Company


“Global Offering”                has the meaning ascribed to it under the Prospectus


“Group”                          the Company together with its subsidiaries


“HKD” or “HK$”                   Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong


“Hong Kong”                      the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


“IFRSs” or “IFRS Accounting      IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
  Standards”                     Board


“Independent Third Party(ies)”   an individual(s) or a company(ies) who or which is/are not connected (within the
                                 meaning of the Listing Rules) with any directors, chief executive or substantial
                                 shareholders (within the meaning of the Listing Rules) of the Company, its
                                 subsidiaries or any of their respective Associates


“Listing”                        listing of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange


“Listing Date”                   June 23, 2025, on which the Shares of the Company are listed and from which
                                 dealings therein are permitted to take place on the Stock Exchange


“Listing Rules”                  the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange


“Main Board”                     the Main Board of the Stock Exchange


“Model Code”                     the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers contained in
                                 Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules


“Ms. Xu”                         Ms. Xu Xu (徐旭), the executive Director, senior vice president and a Controlling
                                 Shareholder


“Nomination Committee”           the nomination committee of the Board


“Prospectus”                     the prospectus of the Company published on June 13, 2025


“Relevant Period”                from the Listing Date up to the end of the Reporting Period




                                                                                               2025 Annual Report     143
  DEFINITIONS




  “Remuneration Committee”      the remuneration committee of the Board


  “Reporting Period”            twelve months from January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025


  “RMB”                         Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC


  “Rose Violet X”               Rose Violet X Limited, an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands
                                with limited liability on September 10, 2021, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Wineberry
                                X and a Controlling Shareholder


  “SFC”                         the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong


  “SFO”                         the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                                amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time


  “Shanghai Huifang”            Shanghai Huifang Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (上
                                海琿方企業管理合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership established in the PRC
                                on June 9, 2022, with Baihui Investment Fund being the sole general partner (as to
                                6.9182% of the partnership interests) and Anhui Beiyi Huifang as the limited partner
                                (as to 93.0818% of the partnership interests), and is a Controlling Shareholder


  “Shanghai Huijin”             Shanghai Huijin Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (上海
                                琿金企業管理合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership established in the PRC on
                                June 9, 2022, with Baihui Investment Fund being the sole general partner (as to
                                2.9333% of the partnership interests) and Anhui Beiyi Huijin as the limited partner (as
                                to 97.0667% of the partnership interests), and is a Controlling Shareholder


  “Shanghai Huitong”            Shanghai Huitong Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (上
                                海琿通企業管理合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership established in the
                                PRC on June 9, 2022, with Baihui Investment Fund being the sole general partner
                                (as to 13.3333% of the partnership interests) and Anhui Beiyi Huitong as the
                                limited partner (as to 86.6667% of the partnership interests), and is a Controlling
                                Shareholder


  “Shanghai Minbei”             Shanghai Minbei Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (上
                                海旻北企業管理合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership established in the
                                PRC on September 13, 2021, with Baihui Investment Fund being the sole general
                                partner (as to 0.1464% of the partnership interests) and Suzhou Beiyi Baihui as the
                                limited partner (as to 99.8536% of the partnership interests), and is a Controlling
                                Shareholder




144   Bayzed Health Group Inc
                                                                                              DEFINITIONS




“Shanghai Xukun Management”   Shanghai Xukun Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.* (上海栩琨企業管理有限公司),
                              a company established in the PRC with limited liability on March 3, 2020 and is
                              owned as to 67% by Zhu Hongbing (朱紅兵) and as to 33% by Cui Yifan (崔一帆) (a
                              director of our subsidiaries). It is one of our Controlling Shareholders


“Shanghai Xuxi Management”    Shanghai Xuxi Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (上海栩西
                              企業管理合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership established in the PRC on June 9,
                              2022, with Cui Yifan (崔一帆) being the sole general partner (as to 1.0318% of the
                              partnership interests) and Shanghai Xukun Management as the limited partner (as to
                              98.9682% of the partnership interests), and is a Controlling Shareholder


“Share(s)”                    ordinary share(s) with a par value of USD0.00001 each in the share capital of the
                              Company


“Shareholder(s)”              holder(s) of the Share(s)


“Stock Exchange”              The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


“subsidiary(ies)”             has the meaning ascribed thereto under section 15 of the Companies Ordinance


“Sugar Berry”                 Sugar Berry Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands as a
                              company limited by shares on August 4, 2022, a wholly-owned subsidiary of
                              Shanghai Huijin and a Controlling Shareholder


“Suzhou Beiyi Baihui”         Suzhou Beiyi Baihui Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (蘇州北醫佰惠
                              投資合夥企業(有限合夥)), is a limited partnership established in the PRC on April
                              9, 2018 and, immediately prior to the Reorganization, with (i) Baihui Investment
                              Fund being the sole general partner (as to 1.2544% of the partnership interests)
                              and (ii) Suzhou Baihui Tongxin Hospital Management Company Limited* (蘇州佰惠
                              同欣醫院管理有限公司), Guangdong Guancheng Industrial Investment Company
                              Limited* (廣東貫成實業投資有限公司), Dongguan Changshi Particle Investment
                              Company Limited* (東莞市長實粒子投資有限公司), Shanghai Yu’an Investment
                              Group Company Limited* (上海裕安投資集團有限公司), and Baicheng Baixin, each
                              being a limited liability company established in the PRC, being the limited partners
                              (as to 45.3167%, 38.3763%, 6.2719%, 6.2719%, and 2.5088% of the partnership
                              interests, respectively). Suzhou Beiyi Baihui is a Controlling Shareholder


“USD”                         U.S. dollar




                                                                                              2025 Annual Report     145
  DEFINITIONS




  “Wineberry X”                        Wineberry X Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands as a
                                       company limited by shares on September 9, 2021 being owned as to 80% by
                                       Crimson X and as to 20% by Gamboge C Limited (a company incorporated in the
                                       British Virgin Islands as a company limited by shares and is wholly owned by Cui
                                       Yong (崔勇)) and a Controlling Shareholder


  “Xuxi Holding”                       Xuxi Holding Ltd., a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands as a company
                                       limited by shares on July 29, 2022, which is wholly-owned by Shanghai Xuxi
                                       Management and is a Controlling Shareholder


  “%”                                  per cent

  * For identification purposes only




146   Bayzed Health Group Inc
