H2 2022



Shareholder
letter
Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                                                                                                          2




Processed volume                                                                               A period of sustained profitable growth
                                                                                               • Despite a challenging macro environment, our trajectory of
H2   41% YOY                 FY   49% YOY              H1 2021   H2 2021   H1 2022   H2 2022
                                                                                                 sustained profitable growth left us well-positioned to invest in the
                                                                                                 business' long-term potential.
€421.7 BN                    €767.5 BN
                                                        216.0     300.0     345.8     421.7
                                                                                               • EBITDA margin landed at 52% for the period due to investments in
                                                                                                 the team.

                                                                                               • To advance our platform, we succeeded in hiring additional tech
                                                                                                 roles, which amounted to 58% of total hires this period.


Net revenue
                                                                                               Relentless innovation across our single platform
                                                                                               • To best service our customers, we continued innovating online
H2   30% YOY                 FY   33% YOY              H1 2021   H2 2021   H1 2022   H2 2022     checkout journeys with iterations to our authentication and
                                                                                                 payment methods.

€721.7 MN €1.3 BN
                                                        445.0     556.5     608.5     721.7
                                                                                               • We further established ourselves in Mexico and Japan with the
                                                                                                 launch of Unified Commerce in these countries.

                                                                                               • We deepened our partnerships with platform businesses utilizing
                                                                                                 embedded payments – the gateway to further embedded financial
                                                                                                 product adoption.


EBITDA                                                                                         Further strides in our global expansion
                                                                                               • Net revenue continued to diversify across regions in H2, with the
H2   4% YOY    MARGIN 52%    FY   16% YOY MARGIN 55%   H1 2021   H2 2021   H1 2022   H2 2022     most notable growth rates coming from North America and APAC.

                                                        272.7     357.3     356.3     372.0
€372.0 MN €728.3 MN
                                                                                               • To set Adyen up for further success, we ramped up our presence in
                                                                                                 global hubs including Singapore, Chicago,
                                                                                                 San Francisco, Madrid, and São Paulo.

                                                                                               • We won new customers around the world including Koala, Lacoste,
                                                                                                 and Instacart.
Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                                                      3




                             Sustained
                                           Dear shareholders,                                   February 8, 2023
                                           Before writing these letters, we always take time to reflect on the past
                                           half year. The world economy was volatile in H2 2022, with high
                                           inflation and geopolitical instability creating a challenging period for
                                           global commerce. Adyen closely monitors these developments and is




                             profitable
                                           not immune to their effects. Despite these obstacles, our
                                           demonstrated history of building for the long term and remaining a
                                           committed partner to our customers put us in the fortunate position of
                                           sustained profitable growth. Thanks to this track record, in H2 we
                                           were able to accelerate our investments into the business and




                             growth &
                                           continue laying the groundwork for Adyen’s next growth phase. While
                                           attuned to the market, we proceeded with discipline in executing on
                                           our long-term ambitions.
                                           By following this approach, we closed 2022 with a motivated team
                                           and a strong set of results. This period, our net revenue landed at



                             long-term
                                           €721.7 million, up 30% YOY, mainly driven by our customers’
                                           continued growth on our single platform. EBITDA margin came in at
                                           52% for H2 2022, a metric impacted by the 757 new joiners we
                                           welcomed, which brought us to a total of 3,332 FTE at the year's end.
                                           To preserve our culture of speed and autonomy, we upheld our high




                             investments
                                           talent standards. Our deliberate decision to continue scaling the team
                                           with high-impact team members further situates us to capitalize on
                                           the sizable opportunity at hand.
                                           When diving into this cycle’s results, you will find that our long-
                                           standing investments are many of our largest revenue drivers.
                                           However, these areas of our business did not become today's growth
                                           engines overnight. Across the board, our successes are the result of
                                           disciplined planning, focus, and constant iterative improvement. We
                                           always take the surest path towards long-term, sustainable return,
                                           even if that road is more extensive and complex to navigate. This
                                           philosophy, which often necessitates greater and more lengthy
                                           investments, has ultimately come to differentiate us.
Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                                                                                            4




Our Unified Commerce solution is a prime example of how                   While our long-term view is embedded into all areas of our business,
maintaining our long-term perspective is paying off today. After          it was clearly reflected in our H2 recruitment strategy. Amid a
disrupting the online payments landscape, in 2013 we saw an               backdrop of widespread tech lay-offs and hiring freezes, we
opportunity to tackle in-store payments as well. This space was           consciously grew our team in order to further scale the business.
already crowded but lacking a tech-first solution. Rather than taking     During this time, the labor market proved favorable for reaching our
the fastest route to market entry, we opted for the most                  intended hiring speed. While this backdrop supported our headcount
comprehensive and promising. This meant engineering solutions in-         goals, it did not dictate them. We did not adjust our plan nor meet
house for the highest end of retail and enterprise customers. These       quotas because candidates were more widely available.
businesses provide far more complex consumer journeys and thus
                                                                          Rather, we have always been efficient about the number of people
require an equally advanced back-end infrastructure, which we
                                                                          required to solve problems. This held true during the initial pandemic
remain the first and only to build.
                                                                          years, when we were not distracted by e-commerce or in-store
Our early alignment on the long-term potential of our Unified             volume fluctuations. Our approach remains the same today. We
Commerce solution makes us the partner of choice for leading              continue to look beyond short-term changes, and are instead
businesses today, including H&M, Levi’s, and Lacoste. In H2 2022,         committed to our long-term growth. By staying critical of both the
our point-of-sale (POS) volume was €67.6 billion, up 62% YOY and          quantity and quality of people we hire, we are building a team that is
comprising 16% of total processed volume. With POS volume                 capable of realizing it.
contributing larger amounts of our overall volume each cycle, we
                                                                          Carrying on from H1, our tech-first approach to building Adyen
continue to invest in its potential. This period, we made strides with
                                                                          resulted in the majority of our new colleagues joining our tech domain,
the launch of Unified Commerce in Mexico and Japan. We see a
                                                                          which comprises more than half of our global team. These software
promising horizon ahead for Unified Commerce as we deepen our
                                                                          engineers, product managers, and data analysts are contributing to
presence in these evolving markets and beyond.
                                                                          the full breadth of our platform – including our payments, data, and
When it comes to establishing ourselves in opportune markets and          financial services products. Expanding these disciplines remains
regions where our customers need support, North America is a strong       essential to scaling our platform and its capabilities. As it stands,
case study of how Adyen plays the long game. We began selling there       investments in the team were the predominant driver of H2 and full
in 2007, opened our San Francisco office in 2012, obtained our US         year margin evolutions. While costs and revenue are not directly
branch license in 2021, and over time grew our team in the region to      connected in the short term, we remain confident in the long-term
482 colleagues. Today, leading North American businesses leverage         return on investment into our team.
our technology for both domestic and international growth. Our
                                                                          2022 was a significant year of headcount growth for our business and
historical investments in the region have put us in the reputable
                                                                          we still have a way to go. To meet our technical and commercial
position of working with household names including Microsoft,
                                                                          ambitions, we plan to add a similar number of colleagues in 2023 as in
Instacart, and Subway®. We continue to scale our activities by
                                                                          2022. With our return to in-person collaboration and launch of
building upon this foundation of foresight and discipline. In H2, North
                                                                          additional global academies, we are able to absorb and onboard
American net revenue totaled €190.7 million, up 45% YOY. We are
                                                                          colleagues at this level. These new joiners will again solidify our high-
excited by the progress we have made thus far and consider ourselves
                                                                          impact commercial and platform engineering teams, as well as
at the early stages of what we aim to achieve in the region.
Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                                                                                                                      5




                             strengthen younger ones ranging from data infrastructure to                While our platform continues to scale, so too must the infrastructure
                             embedded financial products.                                               powering it. Exceptional investments into our data centers resulted in
                                                                                                        CAPEX increasing to 8% in H2. As a natural consequence of these
                             By the start of 2024, we expect our team to have reached its next
                                                                                                        investments, free cash flow stands at €298.1 million (free cash flow
                             maturity level. At that time, we will slow our hiring pace and allow the
                                                                                                        conversion was 80% in H2 2022 vs 90% in H2 2021). In the first half of
                             operating leverage inherent to our business model to kick in. We
                                                                                                        2022, we made the decision to procure equipment ahead of schedule
                             remain in full control of and intentional about this dynamic. Although
                                                                                                        to protect ourselves against potential supply chain delays. This
                             we could quickly reach our projected 65% EBITDA margin if we shifted
                                                                                                        approach not only proved fruitful during H1's chip shortage, but again
                             to optimizing for this metric, our gaze is fixed on the horizon.
                                                                                                        when we opened our newest data centers this period. Scaling our data
                             Hiring aside, the overall macro environment was still marked by            center footprint in globally strategic locations is critical to supporting
                             turbulence. The second half of this year saw soaring inflation impact      customer needs and handling our ever-growing processed volume.
                             households globally. The war in Ukraine waged on, catalyzing both          With our infrastructure in a sound position to withstand the coming
                             humanitarian crises and economic knock-on effects felt around the          years, we will return to our 5% guidance in 2023.
                             world. Commerce naturally slowed as businesses and consumers
                                                                                                        As Adyen continues to steadily perform, our success will not only be
                             alike grappled with supply chain disruptions, record debt, and energy
                                                                                                        for our benefit. We want to underscore our long-term commitment to
                             price spikes. We remain aware of and sensitive to the difficulties
                                                                                                        supporting the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN
                             experienced by global businesses, and will continue to support them
                                                                                                        SDGs). This year, we announced that we will annually donate 1% of
                             as a steadfast partner.
                                                                                                        our net revenue to initiatives that align with this framework. We were
                             Despite the surrounding global instability, our business fundamentals      intentional about contributing 1% - a variable figure - rather than an
                             remained intact and we saw longer-term platform trends persist.            annually fixed amount. The rationale behind this decision is that as our
                             Strong indicators of Adyen’s resilience include the continuation of        business grows, so too must our positive impact on the trajectory of
                             volume churn remaining below 1% and more than 80% of our growth            the world around us. As we embarked on addressing some of the
                             stemming from customers already on the platform. We also                   planet’s most pressing issues, part of our 1% commitment went
                             experienced the continued regional diversification of our net revenue,     towards our charitable partnerships including the UNHCR.
                             highlighting that we are a more global business every cycle. These
                                                                                                        If there is one takeaway to bring into the year ahead, it's this: Adyen is
                             platform trends assure us that our strategy is able to withstand the
                                                                                                        in investment mode. Long-term gain often requires short-term
                             market’s changing tides.
                                                                                                        sacrifice. We have embraced this approach throughout our
                             We saw consumer behavior evolve in the second half of 2022, with the       company’s history and will stick to our long-term focus in 2023. This
                             world's return to travel causing the most noteworthy volume                ongoing investment period is critical to realizing our platform’s full
                             developments. This was the first period since H2 2019 that travel          potential. While remaining disciplined in our decision making, we are
                             volumes rebounded in full, with most countries reopening their             taking the steps needed to reach it. We are in the process of
                             borders and to a large extent adjusting to COVID-19. We accordingly        broadening our offering, expanding our global reach, and actively
                             processed increased travel volumes (including airlines) throughout         seizing opportunities. This is only the beginning.
                             H2, with full-stack volumes amounting to 79% of our total volume.
Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                                        6




                             Scaling our customer
                             portfolio across all
                             pillars
                             Throughout this period, we maintained our track record of winning
                             additional wallet share across our commercial pillars. Highlighting the
                             strength of our land-and-expand strategy, over 80% of our growth
                             came from businesses that were Adyen customers before the year
                             began. This approach involves signing customers, demonstrating our
                             value, then scaling with them long-term across regions and channels.
                             We initially solve a single problem, then ramp up our collaboration by
                             helping businesses identify and address far more complex needs. In a
                             continuation of another long-term trend, H2 saw volume churn remain
                             below 1%. Once again, our ability to nurture long-term, trusted
                             customer relationships kept them growing on the platform. This
                             metric is a testament to our unique implementation of the most
                             advanced user journeys.
                             When it comes to digital businesses – the customer group Adyen first
                             targeted – we have further solidified our reputation as the partner able
                             to increase conversion, manage risk, and rapidly expand into new
                             markets. In a reflection of this, digital remained our largest volume
                             contributor at 60% in H2. A new notable digital customer wins
                             included GymPass, and Koala. These businesses will leverage our
                             single platform's transaction oversight and valuable consumer
                             insights – the utilization of which drives digital engagement and
                             revenue.
Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                                                                                                                             7




However, today’s consumers are not just digitally native – they are        Partnering with platforms simultaneously opens the door to an
option native. Speed, convenience, and above all: choice, remain key.      interesting customer demographic: the SMBs they host. Through our                     Unified
We therefore facilitate and encourage seamless movement between            platform customers, we are naturally moving from the enterprise level      Digital   Commerce   Platforms
their preferred on and offline channels. Having originally developed       down to the long tail of the market, which is rapidly digitizing. Beyond
our Unified Commerce technology to meet the needs of luxury retail –       enabling their embedded online payments, we generate a competitive
where consumer journeys are elevated as standard – we are                  advantage for platforms through our Unified Commerce offering,
inherently equipped to provide solutions to ‘everyday’ retailers ready     which unlocks multi-channel business models for their users.
to modernize. This can mean enabling online retailers to adopt a POS
                                                                           One key point of stickiness is amongst platforms who want to offer
stream or vice versa, by adding digital channels to brick-and-mortar
                                                                           easy and affordable terminals to SMBs. The breadth of use cases
businesses. Both directions persisted this cycle. We are permeating
                                                                           facilitated by our payment devices enables SMBs – who are often less
further into everyday retail, with customer wins including Żabka and
                                                                           resourced – to free up sales associates and provide more
Pet Supplies Plus. Alongside the industries we already have a strong
                                                                           personalized in-person services. Through Unified Commerce for
foothold in, this vertical remains hungry for multi-channel
                                                                           Platforms, companies of all sizes can benefit from the technology and
transformation.
                                                                           insights enjoyed by leading global enterprises.
Adyen’s history of developing solutions for the most complex journeys
                                                                           To further cater to the SMB cohort, in H2 we broadened our platform
is also demonstrated across our Platform pillar. We have a well-
                                                                           offering by taking live our full suite of embedded financial products,
established presence in the enterprise platform space, where we first
                                                                           which provides platform users with access to consolidated business
and foremost help platforms fortify their relationships with sub-sellers
                                                                           banking. These products are currently being piloted by our first
through embedded payments. We see that the most forward-thinking
                                                                           customers including accounting software platform, Moneybird. To
platforms are actively seeking opportunities to embed payments that
                                                                           efficiently meet their user’s business needs, Moneybird integrated
differentiate their offering, unlock new revenue streams, and improve
                                                                           Adyen’s card issuing, working capital, and business accounts - taking
their user experience. For these reasons, there is significant
                                                                           their offering from balance sheet oversight to fully embedded financial
opportunity presented by business models including SaaS platforms,
                                                                           services. By circumventing the administrative demands and slower
marketplaces, on-demand platforms, and social networks.
                                                                           pace of traditional banks, their users can now leverage complete cash
Though increasingly essential, the process of embedding payments           flow management including business banking.
can be complex and timely for platforms, as it requires distinct
                                                                           We look forward to covering the sizeable ground still present across
expertise and resources to be shifted away from their core business.
                                                                           each pillar.
Adyen's platform offering offloads this responsibility by enabling them
to seamlessly integrate payments using our single API. Our
embedded payments solution is currently how we initiate the majority
of our relationships with platform customers, and will predominantly
drive the pillar’s volume growth in coming years.
Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                              8




Digital                                                         Unified Commerce                                                                      Platforms


                   +53%                   +40%                                     +82%                   +58%                                                            +186%                   +16%*

                                                        253.8                                                          116.1                                                                                   51.8


                                                                                                                                                                                        44.8


                               181.6
                                                                                                  73.7


           118.3                                                                                                        63.7

                                                                           40.5
                                                                                                                                                                 15.7
                                                                                                  40.6


                                                                           21.0
                                                                                                                                                                 0.2                    1.2                     3.9

                                                                       H2 2020                H2 2021                 H2 2022                                H2 2020                 H2 2021                 H2 2022

                             Processed volume                                               POS           eCom                                                                    POS            eCom




Figure 1                                                        Figure 2                                                                              Figure 3


Processed volume (in billion euros) from non-platform           Processed volume (in billion euros) from non-platform customers processing at least   Processed volume (in billion euros) from customers with at least 50%
customers that process over 99.5% e-commerce volume.            0.5% point-of-sale volume. POS volume                                                 of volume on Adyen for Platforms. POS volume shown in the differentiated areas.
                                                                shown in the differentiated areas.
                                                                                                                                                      *Excluding eBay volumes, Platforms volume growth would have been 79% YOY.
Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                   9




Continuous product
                                                                         authentication flow of many European transactions is typically full of     businesses to centralize payment data from all channels – not just
                                                                         friction including redirects. Delegated Authentication, on the other       locally, but on a global scale. With our in-house acquiring capabilities,
                                                                         hand, allows Adyen to centralize the verification process by               we look forward to further embedding our unique solution into these

innovation on our                                                        authenticating consumers within our customers’ checkout stage. By
                                                                         taking this responsibility in-house, we can preserve our standard of
                                                                                                                                                    promising markets.
                                                                                                                                                    Meanwhile, Adyen for Platforms further catered to the needs of our

single platform
                                                                         excellence in checkout experiences and, most importantly, keep
                                                                                                                                                    customers and the SMBs they host. This period, we took our Capital
                                                                         consumers in that pivotal destination. In this way, we once again
                                                                                                                                                    and Accounts embedded financial products live. Paired with Issuing,
                                                                         improve conversion and increase our customers’ revenue.
                                                                                                                                                    these products combine to form a modular suite that unlocks an end-
                                                                         To enable seamless in-person payment journeys in parallel with those       to-end financial ecosystem for SMBs. We currently have our first
No matter how advanced our technology becomes, we relentlessly
                                                                         transacted online, this period we rolled out our recently launched         customer trialing the synergies between all products.
seek new avenues for innovation across our single platform. This
                                                                         terminals: the NYC1 and AMS1. Empowering our customers to deliver
process includes working closely with our customers to understand                                                                                   Issuing exemplifies the time it often takes to properly launch, pilot, and
                                                                         superior cross-channel experiences, our in-house designed terminals
their needs, then engineering solutions that best enable their                                                                                      iterate products in this space. Since launching Issuing in 2019 as a
                                                                         offer flexibility when accepting in-person payments. The devices
ambitions. With our finger on the pulse of changing consumer                                                                                        strategic addition to our platform, we have released multiple
                                                                         realize our customers’ wishes to be mobile, discrete, reliable, and
behavior and product development agility, we remain at the industry’s                                                                               customer-driven product iterations. Looking at the timelines needed
                                                                         long-lasting – all while capturing actionable data insights. The devices
cutting edge.                                                                                                                                       for our in-house acquiring and POS solutions, we consider ourselves
                                                                         run on our single platform to enable tailored payment flows, end-to-
                                                                                                                                                    at the starting line of realizing Issuing's potential. At its current stage,
Adyen's engineering dominance is embodied by our Digital offering,       end oversight, and high speed of innovation at the point of sale. The
                                                                                                                                                    Issuing volumes are still in the tens of millions. Our conversations with
which is leading the transition to more invisible and secure payments.   breadth of use cases we have seen this period signifies an exciting
                                                                                                                                                    both existing and prospective customers contribute to our confidence
To cement our position at the forefront of digital consumer journeys,    development in in-person payments.
                                                                                                                                                    in Issuing's broader appeal as part of our embedded financial product
in H2 we launched several product iterations within online checkout
                                                                         Beyond rolling out our advanced hardware, in H2 we also scaled             (EFP) suite. We have a long runway ahead.
including Click to Pay. This new way of paying improves the online
                                                                         Unified Commerce in key markets. Adyen continues to invest in the
checkout experience by enabling shoppers on recognized devices to                                                                                   While we are energized by our embedded financial product offering
                                                                         largest and most dynamic economies by expanding our local
make purchases with just one click – even when doing so as a guest.                                                                                 and the use cases our current pilots embody, we want to reiterate that
                                                                         acquiring network. This period saw us launch our Unified Commerce
On unrecognized devices, Adyen will first verify a shopper's identity,                                                                              this area of our business is still very much at its outset. As part of the
                                                                         solution in Mexico and Japan – two countries that are systematically
then retrieve their historically preferred card information – thus                                                                                  long game we are playing, we will continue strengthening our ongoing
                                                                         difficult to enter. To service customers spanning these diverse
removing the need for manual data entry. This is done using our                                                                                     platform and embedded payments relationships, which serve as the
                                                                         regions, we iterated our single platform to not only meet their complex
extensive customer network, with which consumers are highly likely to                                                                               gateway to further EFP adoption.
                                                                         local requirements, but also offer the first comprehensive solution to
have at some point engaged. Our resulting one-click checkout
                                                                         rapidly address their legacy hurdles.
solution improves conversion and ultimately enables us to drive
higher revenue for our customers.                                        Mexico and Japan have historically been cash-based and dependent
                                                                         on outdated financial infrastructure. However, both countries are now
Another way we improved online checkout is through Delegated
                                                                         rapidly digitizing – and Adyen's Unified Commerce offering is poised
Authentication. This feature is the latest addition to our 3DS2
                                                                         to drive their transformation. With our multi-channel expertise, we are
authentication solution, which was originally developed in 2018 to
                                                                         bridging the gap between consumers accustomed to cash purchases
meet European regulatory requirements (i.e. PSD2). The
                                                                         and businesses keen to modernize. Our single integration enables
Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                                                                                                                  10




                                                                                                        The Adyen Formula is the cornerstone of our company and we go to
                                                                                                        great lengths to scale it. Since our founding, every successful

                             Investing in our team                                                      candidate has had to pass an interview with a member of our most
                                                                                                        senior leadership team. To ensure Formula fit remains intact, we

                             to capitalize on our                                                       continue to implement this final round. We believe it is an essential
                                                                                                        step in both upholding our high talent standards, as well as preserving
                                                                                                        our company culture across all roles and regions.

                             long-term                                                                  After finding the right people and getting them through the door,


                             opportunity
                                                                                                        Adyen’s focus shifts to efficiently onboarding them. Although we are
                                                                                                        capable of welcoming team members remotely, returning to the office
                                                                                                        this year positively impacted our absorption rate. Being together in
                                                                                                        person best conveys our ways of working, with our office environment
                                                                                                        facilitating the creativity and collaboration needed to deliver our speed
                             Adyen is operating at an increasingly global scale. To sustain this rate   of execution. We continuously assess and ensure our absorption
                             of expansion, we spent H2 building our team at an accelerated pace.        capacity matches our hiring pace.
                             Our headcount grew to a total of 3,332 FTE this period, compared to
                                                                                                        To round out our onboarding program with technical upskilling, in H2
                             2,575 FTE at the end of H1. To bolster our international presence, we
                                                                                                        we further developed our internal academies, which were established
                             further developed our teams in cities around the world including
                                                                                                        to train our diverse functions in-house and get them up to speed on
                             Singapore, Chicago, New York, San Francisco, Madrid, and São
                                                                                                        the Adyen way of working. The various academies specialize in
                             Paulo. Illustrating our tech-first approach to problem-solving, 58% of
                                                                                                        operations, tech, sales, account management, and marketing.
                             our H2 joiners were in the technology domain across data, payments,
                                                                                                        All programs feature tailored content that expedites a new joiner’s
                             and financial product roles. Meanwhile, 26% of the H2 new hires sit in
                                                                                                        learning curve or teaches leadership skills to first-time managers.
                             commercial positions to scale our account management and sales
                                                                                                        Designed to kick-start employee growth from day one, the courses
                             abilities.
                                                                                                        empower them to understand the company, quickly jump into their
                             While the wider tech industry engages in headcount reductions and          functions, and make an impact.
                             hiring freezes, we remain committed to the hiring plans that align with
                                                                                                        Nothing Adyen has set out to achieve will be possible without our
                             our long-term ambitions. This means we do not deviate based on
                                                                                                        driven team. With more hands on deck, we look forward to together
                             short-term, external factors such as candidate availability or fleeting
                                                                                                        laying the bricks needed to reach our next level.
                             sales channel fluctuations. Our sights are fixed on progressing
                             towards our well-considered technical and commercial aspirations,
                             for which additional muscle is essential. As we proceed with growing
                             the team, we will stay disciplined in our resource planning.
                             This applies to both the quantity of people needed to solve problems,
                             as well as their quality.
Shareholder letter H2 2022   11
Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                12




Discussion of
financial results
Processed volume driven by growth within
existing customers
We processed €421.7 billion during H2 2022, up 41% YOY. For the
full year, we processed €767.5 billion, up 49% YOY. In line with
previous cycles, the majority (>80%) of our growth came from
customers that were already on our platform in earlier periods.
Of processed volumes, we saw solid growth across all commercial
pillars. Digital – the bread and butter of our offering – remained the
largest volume contributor overall, realizing €253.8 billion in H2 and
€471.4 billion for the full year, making up 61% of total processed
volume in 2022 and growing 46% YOY. Unified Commerce volumes
amounted to €116.1 billion in H2 and €196.2 billion for the FY, which
was 26% of total processed volume in 2022 and up 67% YOY.
Platforms contributed €51.8 billion in H2 and €99.9 billion for the FY,
making up 13% of total processed volume in 2022 and growing 31%
YOY. Taking eBay volumes out of the equation, Platforms would have
been our fastest growing pillar at 79% in H2 and 95% for the full year.
Our point-of-sale (POS) volume was €67.6 billion in H2 and €112.5
billion (up 74%) for the full year, comprising 15% of total processed
volume in 2022 – up from 13% in 2021.
With secular tailwinds on our side, we look forward to helping our
customers build the commerce journeys of the future.
    Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                               13




Net revenue contributions continue to                                                        Investing for scale as we prepare for the                                    Figure 4

globally diversify                                                                           next phase of Adyen                                                          Net revenue per region (in EUR millions). Comparative figures have
                                                                                                                                                                          been updated to reflect the Net Revenue geographical breakdown as
                                                                                1
Net revenue was €721.7 million in H2 2022, growing 30% YOY . Full                            Operating expenses were €387.7 million in H2 2022, up 78% from H2            disclosed further in note 1.3 Non-IFRS financial measures, in the H1
year net revenue came in at €1.3 billion, up 33% YOY. The majority of                        2021. Full year operating expenses were €665.4 million, up 64% YOY.          2022 interim condensed consolidated financial statements.

our net revenue follows the success of our land-and-expand                                   These increases were mainly driven by investments in growing our
commercial strategy.                                                                         global team as we prepare to further scale.                                     H2 2021 -         H2 2021 -         H2 2021 -         H2 2021 -
                                                                                                                                                                             H2 2022           H2 2022           H2 2022           H2 2022
A natural consequence of this strategy is how take rate evolved. H2                          Employee benefits were €222.1 million in H2 2022, up 83% YOY.                    +20%              +45%              +44%              +36%
2022 take rate was 17.1 bps, compared to 17.6 bps in H1 2022 and                             For the full year, these were €380.6 million, up 58% YOY. As we scale
18.6 bps in H2 2021. This decline is driven by the continued growth of                       our existing activities and ramp up new ones, 2022 was a year of                        399.4
customers already on the platform. It was also impacted by our                               accelerated investment in our global team. The talent we onboard
increased overall ATV, due to travel volumes rebounding. Take rate                           remains essential to succeeding in our long-term ambitions. With our
remains an outcome, not a driver, of the business.                                           focus on where we want to be years from today, we are dedicated to
                                                                                             preserving our company culture and high talent standards.                       331.7
Net revenue contributions further regionally diversified in the second
half of 2022, with North America and APAC displaying the greatest                            It is worth noting that gradual hiring in a given period annualizes in the
acceleration. EMEA contributed 55% of total net revenue, followed by                         period thereafter.
North America (27%), APAC (11%), and LATAM (7%). In terms of net
                                                                                             Advisory costs – the large bulk of which stem from headhunting
revenue growth, North America (up 45% YOY), was narrowly followed
                                                                                             services – notably increased this period in line with our global
by APAC (up 44% YOY), LATAM (up 36% YOY), and EMEA (up 20%
                                                                                             recruitment needs.
YOY). H2 2021 was an exceptionally strong period for EMEA                                                                                                                                              190.7
contribution, which impacted H2 YOY growth rates. We remain                                  In other operating expenses, we donated a large part of our 1%
confident in the significant opportunity still present in this region.                       commitment to the UN SDGs via the UNHCR’s relief work.
For the full year, net revenue contributions were €746.8 million in                                                                                                                            131.4
                                                                                             Sales and marketing totaled €31.4 million in H2 2022, up 64% YOY.
EMEA, €343.2 million in North America, and €142.4 million in APAC,                           For full year 2022, these were €55.6 million, up 53% YOY as we invest
and €97.8 million in LATAM. For the FY, net revenue growth rates                             in driving brand awareness to unlock commercial growth at a global                                                         78.2
were: North America up 48% YOY, APAC up 48% YOY, LATAM up                                    level and were able to host events to meet our customers in-                                                        54.2                     53.4
31% YOY, and EMEA up 25% YOY.                                                                person again.                                                                                                                         39.2




                                                                                                                                                                               EMEA          North America      Asia-Pacific     Latin America

1
 On a constant currency basis, net revenue of €721.7 million would have been 4% lower than                                                                                                          H2 2021          H2 2022
reported.
Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                 14




EBITDA - Sustained profitability amid
long-term investments into the
Adyen team
EBITDA was €372.0 million in H2 2022, up 4% from €357.3 million in
H2 2021. For the full year, EBITDA was €728.3 million, up 16% from
2021.
EBITDA margin was 52% in H2 2022, compared to 64% in H2 2021.
Full year EBITDA margin was 55%, compared to 63% in 2021. Both
were driven by employee benefits exceeding net revenue growth as
we accelerated our hiring pace.

Robust free cash flow conversion
Free cash flow was €298.1 million in the second half of 2022, down
7% from €320.2 million in the second half of 2021. Free cash flow
conversion ratio was 80% in the second half of 2022, down from 90%
in H2 2021. Full year free cash flow conversion ratio was 83%, down
8% YOY. This metric was impacted by our increased CapEx.

CapEx impacted by infrastructure
investments
CapEx was €59.1million, and 8% of net revenue, up from 6% of net
revenue in H2 2021. This increase was due to exceptional investments
into our data centers, which technologically prepare us for the volume
growth we will handle in the coming years. In the first half of 2022, we
made the decision to procure equipment ahead of schedule to protect
ourselves against potential supply chain delays. This approach proved
fruitful when we opened our new data centers in H2.
For the full year, CapEx was €99.1 million, and 7% of net revenue.
Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                                       15




                             Financial objectives
                             We did not see any business developments over the second half of
                             2022 that would lead us to update our guidance. Our standing
                             financial objectives therefore remain unchanged.

                             Net revenue growth: We aim to continue to grow net revenue and
                             achieve a CAGR between the mid-twenties and low-thirties in the
                             medium term by executing our sales strategy.

                             EBITDA margin: We aim to improve EBITDA margin, and expect this
                             margin to benefit from our operating leverage going forward and
                             increase to levels above 65% in the long term.
                             Capital expenditure: We aim to maintain a sustainable capital
                             expenditure level of up to 5% of our net revenue.
                             A call to discuss these results will be livestreamed from our Investor
                             Relations page at 3PM CET on February 8, 2023. A recording will be
                             made available on the same page following the call.


                             Sincerely,




                             P.W. van der Does                               I.J. Uytdehaage
                             CEO                                             CFO
Shareholder letter H2 2022       16




Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements
H2 2022 Adyen N.V.
Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                                                                                                                                              17

Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
For the six months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
(all amounts are in € thousands unless otherwise stated)

                                                              Note      H2 2022       H2 2021                                                                    Note              H2 2022          H2 2021

Revenue                                                        1      4,988,130     3,441,188     Income before income taxes                                                       360,310          324,909

Costs incurred from financial institutions                     1      (4,237,691)   (2,867,231)   Income taxes                                                     6                (78,308)         (60,025)

Costs of goods sold                                            1         (28,802)      (17,461)   Net income for the period                                                        282,002          264,884

Net revenue                                                             721,637       556,496     Net income attributable to owners of Adyen N.V.                                  282,002          264,884



Wages and salaries                                             3       (193,372)     (100,933)    Other comprehensive income

Social securities and pension costs                            3         (28,710)      (20,577)   Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss

Amortization and depreciation                                 11,12      (38,222)      (18,511)   Currency translation adjustments subsidiaries                                      (4,981)          7,112

Other operating expenses                                       4       (127,460)       (77,940)   Other comprehensive income for the period                                          (4,981)          7,112

Other income/(expense)                                                       (63)         197     Total comprehensive income for the period
                                                                                                                                                                                   277,021          271,996
                                                                                                  (attributable to owners of Adyen N.V.)
Income before net finance income/(expense) and income taxes             333,810       338,732


                                                                                                  Earnings per share (in EUR)
Finance income                                                 9         27,830           344
                                                                                                  Net profit per share - Basic                                    13                   9.10             8.68
Finance expense                                                           (3,191)       (6,736)
                                                                                                  Net profit per share - Diluted                                  13                   9.08             8.63
Other financial results                                        5          1,861         (7,431)

Net finance income/(expense)                                             26,500       (13,823)    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these interim condensed consolidated financial statements.
Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                                                                                                                                                     18

Consolidated balance sheet
As at December 31, 2022 and 2021
(all amounts are in € thousands unless otherwise stated)
                                                           Note   31 December 2022   31 December 2021                                                                 Note     31 December 2022   31 December 2021
                                                                                                        Share capital                                                  7                   310                 310
Intangible assets                                                            8,140              9,841
                                                                                                        Share premium                                                  7                352,399             335,725
Plant and equipment                                         11             140,796             72,981
                                                                                                        Other reserves                                                                  156,552             137,457
Right-of-use assets                                         12             181,676            128,063
                                                                                                        Retained earnings                                                             1,902,857          1,336,922
Other financial assets at FVPL                              10              12,264             22,504
                                                                                                        Total equity attributable to owners of Adyen N.V.                             2,412,118          1,810,414
Contract assets                                            1.1              48,612             79,341
Deferred tax assets                                         6              143,727            127,782
                                                                                                        Derivative liabilities                                         10                35,000              81,700
Total non-current assets                                                   535,215            440,512
                                                                                                        Deferred tax liabilities                                       6                 11,345              16,401
                                                                                                        Lease liability                                                12               169,873             119,968
Inventories                                                 2               87,891             22,138
                                                                                                        Cash-settled share-based payment plan                                             6,742               5,601
Receivables from merchants and financial institutions                      369,104            633,249
                                                                                                        Total non-current liabilities                                                   222,960             223,670
Trade and other receivables                                                 89,350             56,852
Current income tax receivables                              6               12,445              6,761
                                                                                                        Payables to merchants and financial institutions                              4,795,804          3,608,531
Cash and cash equivalents                                   9            6,522,345          4,616,094
                                                                                                        Trade and other payables                                                        147,827             100,116
Total current assets                                                     7,081,135          5,335,094
                                                                                                        Lease liability                                                12                33,200              22,996
Total assets                                                             7,616,350          5,775,606
                                                                                                        Current income tax payables                                    6                  4,441               9,879
                                                                                                        Total current liabilities                                                     4,981,272          3,741,522
                                                                                                        Total liabilities and equity                                                  7,616,350          5,775,606



                                                                                                        The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.
Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                                                                                                                                        19

Consolidated statement of changes in equity
For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
(all amounts are in € thousands unless otherwise stated)
                                                                                                                          Other reserves

                                                               Note   Share capital   Share premium                     Share-based payment                         Retained earnings    Total equity
                                                                                                      Legal reserves                             Warrant reserve
                                                                                                                                     reserve

Balance - January 1, 2021                                                      304          194,608           (1,504)                98,034              53,401              873,291       1,218,134


Net income for the year                                                                                                                                                      469,717         469,717
Currency translation adjustments                                                                             11,373                                                                           11,373
Total comprehensive income for the year                                          —               —           11,373                         —                 —              469,717        481,090


Adjustments:
Intangible assets                                                                                              (129)                                                             129               —
Other adjustments                                                                                                                                                                 59              59
                                                                                 —               —             (129)                        —                 —                  188              59
Transactions with owners in their capacity as owners:
Equity transfer on exercise of warrant                                                       34,100                                                      (26,700)              (7,400)             —
Deferred tax on share-based compensation                   6                                     —                                     5,548                                                   5,548
Options exercised                                                                             1,732                                   (1,732)                                                      —
Proceeds on issuing shares                                 7                     6          105,285                                                                                          105,291
Share-based payments                                       3.2                                                                             292                                                   292

Other adjustments                                                                                                                                         (1,126)              1,126               —

                                                                                 6          141,117               —                    4,108             (27,826)              (6,274)      111,131

Balance - December 31, 2021                                                    310          335,725           9,740                 102,142              25,575            1,336,922       1,810,414
Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                                                                                                                                                      20

                                                                                                                                        Other reserves

                                                                  Note            Share capital     Share premium                     Share-based payment                          Retained earnings   Total equity
                                                                                                                    Legal reserves                               Warrant reserve
                                                                                                                                                   reserve

Balance - January 1, 2022                                                                  310            335,725           9,740                 102,142                25,575           1,336,922      1,810,414


Net income for the year                                                                                                                                                                     564,139        564,139
Currency translation adjustments                                                                                            (1,326)                                                                         (1,326)
Total comprehensive income for the year                                                      —                 —            (1,326)                        —                  —             564,139       562,813


Adjustments:
Intangible assets                                                                                                           (2,160)                                                           2,160              —
Other adjustments                                                                                                                                        161                                   (364)          (203)
                                                                                             —                 —            (2,160)                      161                  —               1,796           (203)
Transactions with owners in their capacity as owners:
Deferred tax on share-based compensation                           6                                        6,180                                   22,979                                                  29,159
Options exercised                                                                                            568                                         (568)                                                   —
Proceeds on issuing shares                                         7                         —              9,926                                                                                            9,926
Share-based payments                                               3.2                                                                                      9                                                    9
                                                                                             —             16,674               —                   22,420                    —                   —         39,094

Balance - December 31, 2022                                                                310            352,399           6,254                 124,723                25,575           1,902,857      2,412,118


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.
Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                                                                                                                                                  21

Consolidated statement of cash flows
For the six months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
(all amounts are in € thousands unless otherwise stated)
                                                                    Note    H2 2022      H2 2021                                                                             Note     H2 2022            H2 2021
Income before income taxes                                                  360,310      324,909     Redemption of financial assets at FVPL                                   10       11,407                 —
Adjustments for:                                                                                     Purchases of plant and equipment                                         11      (57,533)           (31,592)
–           Finance income                                           9       (27,830)        (344)   Capitalization of intangible assets                                               (1,595)            (1,024)
–           Finance expenses                                                   3,191        6,736    Net cash used in investing activities                                            (47,721)           (32,616)
–           Other financial results                                  5        (1,861)       7,431    Proceeds from issues of shares                                           7         5,047            101,578
–           Depreciation of plant and equipment                      11      16,299         8,433    Lease payments                                                           12      (14,747)            (4,419)
–           Amortization of intangible fixed assets                            3,569        1,453    Net cash flows from financing activities                                          (9,700)            97,159
–           Depreciation of right-of-use assets                      12      18,354         8,625    Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and bank overdrafts                       953,070        1,274,369
–           Equity-settled share-based compensation                 3.2           —           89
                                                                                                     Cash, cash equivalents and bank overdrafts at beginning of the period          5,584,075        3,344,906
–           Cash-settled share-based payment plan                              2,671         859
                                                                                                     Exchange losses on cash, cash equivalents and bank overdrafts                    (14,800)            (3,181)
Changes in working capital:
                                                                                                     Cash, cash equivalents and bank overdrafts at end of the period                6,522,345        4,616,094
–           Inventories                                              2       (33,479)      (4,093)
–           Trade and other receivables                                        7,782        3,353    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.
–           Receivables from merchants and financial institutions            (10,974)     72,262
–           Payables to merchants and financial institutions                626,964      810,986
–           Trade and other payables                                         10,891       (24,546)
–           Amortization and additions of contract assets           1.1      13,085       30,870
Cash generated from operations                                              988,972     1,247,023


Interest received                                                    9       27,830          344
Interest paid                                                                 (3,191)      (6,736)
Income taxes paid                                                    6        (3,120)     (30,805)
Net cash flows from operating activities                                   1,010,491    1,209,826
Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                    22

Notes to the interim condensed consolidated financial statements

General information                                                                                                   Relevant accounting policies
Adyen N.V. (hereinafter ‘Adyen’ or 'the Company') is a licensed Credit Institution by De Nederlandsche Bank           Significant and other accounting policies that summarize the measurement basis used, and are relevant to
(the Dutch Central Bank) and registered in the Netherlands under the company number 34259528. The                     understanding the financial statements, are provided in the annual consolidated financial statements for the
Credit Institution license includes the ability to provide cross-border services in the European Economic             year ended December 31, 2021. Any significant accounting policy changes during the last six months of
Area. Adyen N.V. directly or indirectly owns 100% of the shares of its subsidiaries, and therefore controls all       2022 are reflected throughout the notes to these interim condensed financial statements.
entities included in these interim condensed consolidated financial statements. Adyen shares are traded on
Euronext Amsterdam, where the Company is part of the AEX Index and has a credit rating of A-, per S&P                 Significant accounting estimates or judgements
rating agency.
                                                                                                                      A number of accounting policies involve a higher degree of judgement or complexity. The estimates applied
All amounts in the notes to the interim condensed consolidated financial statements are stated in thousands           are more likely to be materially adjusted due to inaccurate estimates and or assumptions applied. The areas
of EUR, unless otherwise stated.                                                                                      involving significant estimates or judgments are:

Basis of preparation                                                                                                  • Principal versus agent for revenue out of settlement fees – refer to note 1 ‘Revenue and segment
                                                                                                                        reporting’
The interim condensed consolidated financial statements for the period July 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022
have been prepared in line with the accounting and recognition principles included in the Adyen annual                • Realization of deferred taxes related to share-based compensation – refer to note 6 ‘Income taxes’
consolidated financial statements of 2021, in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
and IFRS IC interpretations as endorsed by the European Union (EU-IFRS). This report should, therefore, be            New standards adopted by Adyen
read in conjunction with the 2021 annual consolidated financial statements, as well as our H1 2022 interim
                                                                                                                      The accounting policies and methods of computation adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed
condensed consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                                      consolidated financial statements are consistent with those followed in the preparation of the Adyen annual
The following periods have been presented for the interim condensed consolidated financial statements                 consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021.
ended December 31, 2022:
                                                                                                                      Adyen has not early adopted any standard, interpretation or amendment that has been issued but is not yet
Interim condensed consolidated financial statements                 Current period            Comparative period      effective. A number of new or amended standards became applicable for the current reporting period.
Statement of comprehensive income                        July 1 – December 31, 2022
                                                                                                                      Adyen did not change its accounting policies or make retrospective adjustments as a result of new
                                                                                         July 1 – December 31, 2021
                                                                                                                      accounting standards made applicable on January 1, 2022.
Balance sheet                                              As at December 31, 2022         As at December 31, 2021
                                                                                                                      The qualitative impact assessment of the first-time application on January 1, 2022 of new amendments is
Statement of changes in equity                        January 1 – December 31, 2022   January 1 – December 31, 2021
                                                                                                                      disclosed in note 16 ‘New and amended standards adopted by Adyen’.
Statement of cash flows                                  July 1 – December 31, 2022      July 1 – December 31, 2021
Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                         23

Key disclosures

1. Revenue and segment reporting                                                                                      1.1 Contract assets

The company derives revenue from settling and processing payments, sales of goods such as the sale of                 In 2018, Adyen entered into a long-term contract with eBay for the provision of payment services that
point-of-sale (POS) terminals, and other payment specific services.                                                   resulted in the initial recognition of contract assets settled with a cash advance and issue of warrants over
                                                                                                                      Adyen’s shares.
The breakdown of revenue from contracts with customers per type of goods or service is as follows:
                                                                                                                      The monetary component was fully repaid and amortised in the first half of 2022, and the non-monetary
Types of goods or services (in EUR'000)                                                 H2 2022           H2 2021     component of the eBay contract asset will continue to be amortised for the duration of the contract.
Settlement fees                                                                       4,629,276          3,175,805
                                                                                                                      During H2 2021, Adyen capitalized contract costs (other contract assets) relating to multi-year service
Processing fees                                                                         207,549           162,954
                                                                                                                      contracts with its merchants. These costs mainly relate to integration and development fees that are directly
Sales of goods                                                                           27,537            18,491
                                                                                                                      incremental to obtain the multi-year contracts and do not represent separate performance obligations.
Other services                                                                          123,768            83,938
                                                                                                                      Adyen will amortize these costs against revenue (settlement fees) on a pro rata basis as the related revenue
Total revenue from contracts with customers                                           4,988,130          3,441,188    is recognized. There were no additions to contract assets in H2 2022.
Costs incurred from financial institutions                                            (4,237,691)       (2,867,231)
                                                                                                                      The following table summarizes the movement in the contract assets balance:
Costs of goods sold                                                                      (28,802)          (17,461)
Net revenue                                                                             721,637           556,496                                                      Monetary      Non-monetary      Other contract    Total contract
                                                                                                                      Contract assets (in EUR '000)
                                                                                                                                                                     component         component               assets            assets
                                                                                                                      Balance - 1 July, 2021                             31,949            71,780              4,444           108,173
Net revenue                                                                                                              Movements:

Adyen’s total revenue contains scheme fees, interchange and mark-up for which Adyen acts as a principal.                 Additions                                                                             4,385             4,385
The Management Board monitors net revenue (net of interchange, scheme fees (costs incurred from                          Amortization for the period                     (25,017)           (9,719)             (520)          (35,256)
financial institutions) and costs of goods sold) as a performance indicator. Adyen considers net revenue to              Exchange differences                             2,039                                                  2,039
provide additional insight to its users to evaluate the nature and financial effects of the business activities in
                                                                                                                      Balance - December 31, 2021                         8,971            62,061              8,309            79,341
which it engages and the economic environments in which it operates. Net revenue is a non-IFRS measure –
refer to note 1.3 for further explanation on the non-IFRS measures reported by Adyen.
                                                                                                                      Balance - 1 July, 2022                                  —            53,216              8,570            61,786
The breakdown of revenue from contracts with customers based on timing is as follows:                                 Movements:
Timing of revenue recognition (in EUR '000)                                             H2 2022           H2 2021        Additions                                                                                                    —
Goods and services transferred at a point in time                                     4,981,554          3,435,817       Amortization for the period                                       (11,552)            (1,533)         (13,085)
Services transferred over time                                                             6,576             5,371       Exchange differences                                                                     (89)             (89)
Total revenue from contracts with customers                                           4,988,130          3,441,188    Balance - December 31, 2022                             —            41,664              6,948            48,612
Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                                                                                                                                                           24

1.2 Segment reporting                                                                                              – EBITDA: “Income before net finance income/(expense) and income taxes” less “Amortization and
                                                                                                                     depreciation” on the consolidated statement of comprehensive income;
The following table summarizes Adyen’s geographical breakdown of its revenue, based on the billing
                                                                                                                   – EBITDA margin: EBITDA as a percentage of net revenue;
location as requested by the merchant for the periods indicated.
                                                                                                                   – CapEx: Capital expenditures consisting of the line items "Purchases of plant and equipment" and
Revenue - Geographical breakdown (in EUR '000)                                     H2 2022              H2 2021      "Capitalization of intangible assets" on the consolidated statement of cash flows;
Europe, the Middle East, and Africa (EMEA)                                        1,900,111            1,341,421   – Free cash flow: EBITDA less CapEx and “Lease payments” on the consolidated statement of cash flows;
North America                                                                     2,405,179            1,681,460
                                                                                                                     and
                                                                                                                   – Free cash flow conversion ratio: free cash flow as a percentage of EBITDA.
Asia-Pacific                                                                       445,117              254,733
Latin America                                                                      237,723              163,574
Total revenue from contracts with customers                                       4,988,130            3,441,188   Selected non-IFRS financial measures (in EUR '000)                             H2 2022          H2 2021
                                                                                                                   Income before net finance income/(expense) and income taxes                    333,810          338,732
                                                                                                                   Amortization and depreciation                                                   38,222           18,511
1.3 Non-IFRS financial measures
                                                                                                                   EBITDA                                                                         372,032          357,243
Non-IFRS financial measures are disclosed in addition to the statement of comprehensive income, in order
to provide relevant information to better understand the underlying business performance of the Company.           Net revenue                                                                    721,637          556,496
Furthermore, Adyen has provided guidance on several of these non-IFRS measures. Adyen reports on the               EBITDA margin (%)                                                                 52 %             64 %
following additional financial measures that are directly derived from the statement of comprehensive
income or statement of cash flows:                                                                                 Purchases of plant and equipment                                                57,533           31,592
– Net revenue: revenue net of interchange, scheme fees (costs incurred from financial institutions) and            Capitalization of intangible assets                                              1,595            1,024
   costs of goods sold;                                                                                            CapEx                                                                           59,128           32,616
The geographical breakdown of net revenue and related YOY growth is as follows (based on the billing
location as requested by the merchant for the periods indicated).                                                  EBITDA                                                                         372,032          357,243
                                                                                                                   CapEx                                                                          (59,128)         (32,616)
                                                                                                                   Lease payments                                                                 (14,747)          (4,419)
Net revenue - Geographical breakdown and year-on-year
                                                             H2 2022      YoY%            H2 2021          YoY%    Free cash flow                                                                 298,157          320,208
growth (in EUR '000)
Europe, the Middle East, and Africa (EMEA)                   399,436       20 %           331,740           42 %
                                                                                                                   Free cash flow                                                                 298,157          320,208
North America                                                190,689       45 %           131,349           70 %
                                                                                                                   EBITDA                                                                         372,032          357,243
Asia-Pacific                                                  78,109       44 %               54,186        51 %
                                                                                                                   Free cash flow conversion ratio (%)                                               80 %             90 %
Latin America                                                 53,403       36 %               39,221        23 %
Total net revenue from contracts with customers              721,637       30 %           556,496           47 %
Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                                                                                                                                                               25

2. Inventories                                                                                                The employee benefits expense can be specified as follows:

Inventories (in EUR '000)                                                      H2 2022             H2 2021     Employee benefits (in EUR '000)                                                   H2 2022           H2 2021

Balance - July 1                                                                54,412              18,048     Salaries and wages                                                                 183,716             94,240

Purchases during the year (products for resale)                                 62,936              25,824     Share-based compensation                                                             9,656              6,693

Costs of goods sold                                                            (28,802)            (17,461)    Total wages and salaries                                                          193,372           100,933

Transfer to contract assets (note 1.1)                                              —               (3,093)
                                                                                                               Social securities                                                                   23,955             17,532
Expense recognized in other operating expenses                                    (655)             (1,180)
                                                                                                               Pension costs - defined contribution plans                                           4,755              3,045
Balance - December 31                                                           87,891              22,138
                                                                                                               Total social securities and pension costs                                           28,710             20,577


3. Employee benefit expense
                                                                                                              3.2 Share-based payments
3.1 Employee benefits
                                                                                                              The share-based compensation expense can be specified as follows:
The regional breakdown of FTE per office as at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows:
                                                                                                               Share-based compensation (in EUR '000)                                            H2 2022              H2 2021
FTE per office                                                        31 December 2022    31 December 2021
                                                                                                               Equity-settled                                                                          —                  89
Amsterdam                                                                        1,941               1,262
                                                                                                               Cash-settled                                                                         9,656               6,604
San Francisco                                                                     270                 199
                                                                                                               Total share-based compensation                                                       9,656               6,693
São Paulo                                                                         146                  88
New York                                                                          139                  72     Adyen considers its employees and culture as core to its growth. As part of the total remuneration package,
Singapore                                                                         127                 101     Adyen has three types of compensation plans:
London                                                                            123                  98     I.        Equity settled option plan (granted until 2018);
Paris                                                                              75                  51
                                                                                                              II.       Cash-settled share-based payment plan (granted from 2018 onwards); and
Berlin                                                                             67                  48
Madrid                                                                             64                  32     III.      Depositary receipts award plan for directors and employees (granted from 2018) presented in
                                                                                   55
                                                                                                                        salaries and wages.
Stockholm                                                                                              33

Other                                                                             325                 196     The change in cash-settled share-based compensation expense in H2 2022 was mainly linked to the
                                                                                                              increase in FTE, net of the decrease in Adyen share price over the period.
Total                                                                            3,332               2,180
                                                                                                              The nature, accounting policies and key parameters of the equity and cash-settled option plans are
                                                                                                              described in more detail in the 2021 annual consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                              Adyen has granted the possibility to purchase Depositary Receipts at fair market value to directors and to
                                                                                                              employees as part of their remuneration from 2018 onwards. The underlying shares of the Adyen are held by
                                                                                                              an administration foundation that, in turn, issues the Depositary Receipts to the employees. Each Depositary
                                                                                                              Receipt issued represents the economic interest of one underlying STAK (“Stichting Administratie Kantoor
Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                      26

Adyen N.V.") share. The related employee benefits expense for H2 2022 amounted to €5,400 (2021: €1,941)          5. Other financial results
and is presented in wages and salaries. The fair value of the liability recognized resulting from the plan is
€484 (2021: €163), and the plan resulted in a total increase of €4,419 (2021: €1,571) recognized in share        The other financial results can be specified as follows:
capital and share premium during the period. There is a lock-up period but no vesting condition attached to      Other financial results (in EUR '000)                                                  H2 2022           H2 2021
the Depositary Receipts award plan.
                                                                                                                 Exchange gains/(losses)                                                                (14,061)                (94)
                                                                                                                 Fair value re-measurement of financial instruments:
4. Other operating expenses                                                                                         Derivative liabilities                                                               14,000             (5,600)
The other operating expenses can be specified as follows:                                                           Other financial assets at FVPL                                                        1,922             (1,737)
                                                                                                                 Total other financial results                                                            1,861            (7,431)
Other operating expenses (in EUR '000)                                              H2 2022           H2 2021
Sales and marketing costs                                                            31,384            19,145
Travel and other staff expenses                                                      28,389             7,524
                                                                                                                 Exchange losses of €14,061 were incurred in H2 2022, mainly relating to Adyen’s foreign-denominated cash
                                                                                                                 balances and proceeds received on disposal of Visa Inc. common stock of €864. This was partially set-off by
Advisory costs                                                                       17,076             9,035
                                                                                                                 exchange gains from other financial assets at FVPL of €415.
IT costs                                                                             17,018            12,059
Contractor costs                                                                      7,159             4,962    The change in fair value of the derivative liabilities in H2 2022 was mainly linked to the Adyen share price
Housing costs                                                                         6,383             3,632    decrease over the period as well as a revision of valuation input related to timing of maturity. More
Office costs                                                                          4,884             2,395
                                                                                                                 information on the valuation of the derivative liabilities is disclosed in note 10 ‘Financial instruments’.
Miscellaneous operating expenses                                                      7,950            19,188
1% for the UN SDGs                                                                    7,217                —
                                                                                                                 6. Income taxes
Total other operating expenses                                                      127,460            77,940
                                                                                                                 6.1 Income tax expense
Travel and other staff expenses increased as a result of a reduction in lockdown restrictions across the globe   The tax on Adyen’s income before income taxes differs from the amount that would arise using the statutory
and resurgence of business travel. Advisory costs increased mainly related to hiring costs linked to the         tax rate in the Netherlands. The effective tax rate of Adyen for the six months ended December 31, 2022 is
increase in FTE. As part of Adyen's sustainability efforts, 1% of net revenue is pledged towards UN              21.73% (December 31, 2021: 18.47%) which differs from the statutory tax rate in the Netherlands of 25.8%
Sustainable Development Goals (SDG's). In addition, sales and marketing costs increased as a result of our       (2021: 25%) due to the application of the innovation box, partially offset by the tax rate differences on foreign
increased investment in brand awareness on a global level and the ability to host events to meet our             operations and other adjustments (such as non-deductible expenses). The innovation box is a Dutch tax
customers in-person.                                                                                             incentive whereby a portion of qualifying taxable profits derived from innovative activities are taxed at a lower
                                                                                                                 rate than the headline corporate tax rate in the Netherlands, thereby reducing the effective tax rate.
Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                    27

Effective tax calculation (in EUR '000)                                            H2 2022             H2 2021    • The United Kingdom windfall benefit continues to be recognized as these carry forward losses have no
Income before income taxes                                                       360,310             324,909        expiration date.
Statutory tax rate in the Netherlands (%)                                            25.8 %               25 %
                                                                                                                  • The United States Federal Tax windfall benefit continues to be recognized as these carry forward losses
Income taxes based on statutory tax rate in the Netherlands                       92,960              81,227
                                                                                                                    on a Federal level have no expiration date.

Tax effects of:                                                                                                   In addition, during H2 2022, Adyen reassessed its position relating to the recoverability of deferred tax
    Innovation box                                                                (21,913)            (19,405)    assets relating to the State net operating losses in the United States, which resulted in recognising €27,834
    Other adjustments (such as prior year and non-deductible amounts)               7,261              (1,797)    of previously unrecognised tax losses. This was the result of obtaining Federal Foreign Branch and acquiring
Effective tax amount                                                              78,308              60,025
                                                                                                                  licenses, leading to increased transactions recorded on a local level and an expectation that tax losses will
                                                                                                                  be utilized against future taxable income.
Current income tax receivables/(payables) (in EUR '000)                   31 December 2022    31 December 2021    The recoverability of the deferred tax asset in the US is not impacted by the liquidation of Adyen Inc, finalised
                                                                                                                  during 2022, as the deferred tax asset has been transferred to the newly set-up branch of Adyen N.V. in San
Current income tax receivables                                                      12,445               6,761
                                                                                                                  Francisco effective January 1, 2022, and is recoverable against the future taxable profits of the branch.
Current income tax payables                                                         (4,441)             (9,879)
                                                                                                                  This windfall benefit has been recognized assuming all options granted to date will be exercised within the
Income tax expense in the statement of comprehensive income can be specified as follows:                          8th anniversary of the grant date (grant date + 7 years).

Income taxes (in EUR '000)                                                         H2 2022             H2 2021    Deferred tax liabilities
Current income tax expense                                                          79,856              70,882
                                                                                                                  The deferred tax liabilities consist mainly of the deferred tax on the non-monetary part of the contract asset
Deferred income tax income                                                          (1,548)            (10,857)
                                                                                                                  of €10,749 (December 31, 2021: €16,010).
Total income taxes                                                                  78,308              60,025
                                                                                                                  The deferred taxes are presented as non-current on the balance sheet.

6.2 Deferred income taxes

Deferred tax assets
In the deferred tax assets, an amount of €9,030 (December 31, 2021: €21,079) of the deferred tax assets
relates to the recognized derivative liabilities.
Deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability
Deferred tax assets include tax losses carried forward at a Federal and State level relating to options
exercised in the United States and United Kingdom (December 31, 2022: €115,121; December 31, 2021:
€86,277) and windfall benefits relating to options granted and vested, however not yet exercised (December
31, 2022: €5,325; December 31, 2021: €12,808). €6,180 of the tax losses carried forward was utilized during
the period and recognised in the share premium reserve (2021: nil).
Throughout the period Adyen has reassessed the recoverability of deferred tax assets on windfall benefits
linked to the share-based compensation plan in the United States and United Kingdom. Adyen continues to
recognize deferred tax assets that will be realized against future profits, on a going concern basis.
Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                       28

Capital management and financial instruments

7. Capital management                                                                                            8. CRR/CRD IV Regulatory Capital
Adyen’s objective when managing capital is to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern.              The following table shows the calculation of regulatory capital as at December 31, 2022. The regulatory
Furthermore, Adyen ensures that it meets regulatory capital requirements at all times.                           capital is based on the CRR/CRD IV scope of consolidation, which is the same as the IFRS scope of
                                                                                                                 consolidation as included in the annual consolidated financial statements.
Capital management (in EUR ‘000)                                           31 December 2022   31 December 2021

Share capital                                                                           310               310    Own funds (in EUR ‘000)                                                       31 December 2022     31 December 2021
Share premium                                                                       352,399            335,725
                                                                                                                 EU-IFRS equity as reported in consolidated balance sheet                              2,412,118           1,810,414
Total                                                                               352,709            336,035
                                                                                                                 Net profit not included in CET1 capital (H2 2022 not yet eligible)                     (282,002)           (264,884)
                                                                                                                 Regulatory adjustments:
In 2022, 29,213 (2021: 600,850) additional shares were issued. The additional issued shares were a result of         Warrant reserve                                                                     (25,575)            (25,575)
exercises of options granted to employees and share issuance relating to the Depositary receipts award plan
                                                                                                                     Intangible assets                                                                    (8,140)             (9,841)
(refer to note 3.2 for further information). The number of outstanding ordinary shares as of December 31,
                                                                                                                     Deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability                              (124,162)            (99,084)
2022 is 30,986,299 (December 31, 2021: 30,957,086) with an absolute nominal value €0.01 per share. The
total number of authorized shares as of December 31, 2022 is 80,000,000 (December 31, 2021:                          Prudent valuation                                                                       (47)               (104)
80,000,000).                                                                                                     Total own funds                                                                      1,972,192            1,410,926

The following reserves are considered to be non-distributable: legal reserves (in accordance with Dutch
                                                                                                                 The increase in total own funds in 2022 mainly relates to the additions of consolidated net profit (full year
Law), share-based payment reserve, warrant reserve, and total comprehensive income for the current
                                                                                                                 2021 and H1 2022).
period. The total of distributable reserves amounts to €1,691,427 (December 31, 2021: €1,203,240). The
legal reserves restricted for distribution in accordance with Dutch Law amounts to €18,518 (December 31,
2021: €32,244).                                                                                                  9. Cash and cash equivalents
Net income is added to retained earnings reserve and the current dividend policy is to not pay dividends, as     Cash and cash equivalents (in EUR ‘000)                                       31 December 2022     31 December 2021

retained earnings are used to support and finance the growth strategy.                                           Cash held at central banks                                                            4,407,540           2,565,875
                                                                                                                 Cash held at banks, other than central banks                                          2,114,805           2,050,219
                                                                                                                 Total                                                                                6,522,345            4,616,094


                                                                                                                 Of the cash held at banks, other than central banks, €68,564 (December 31, 2021: €19,654) are restricted
                                                                                                                 and are therefore not available for general use by the Company. The restricted cash mainly relates to
                                                                                                                 deposits required under the US Federal Foreign Branch license as well as deposits held as guarantee for
                                                                                                                 leased offices. The restricted cash is readily convertible and therefore classified as cash and cash
                                                                                                                 equivalents. The cash held at central banks and cash held at banks, other than central banks earned interest
                                                                                                                 in the amount of €11,564 and €16,091 respectively during the period, due to rising interest rates in a
                                                                                                                 positive interest rate environment, which was recognised in finance income.
Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                            29

                                                                                                                       The warrants vest in four tranches, each linked to a milestone of processed payments volume. Each
                                                                                                                       milestone is deemed achieved at the moment that the processed merchant volume exceeds the milestone
                                                                                                                       amount in a single calendar year following the issue date (January 31, 2018). Only two warrant tranches may
10. Financial instruments
                                                                                                                       vest in a single calendar year, and upon vesting, each entitles the warrant holder to acquire 1.25% of Adyen’s
                                                                                                                       issue-date diluted share volume at any time prior to the warrant expiration date (January 31, 2025).
Other financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (‘FVPL’) (Visa Inc. preferred shares)
                                                                                                                       The derivative liabilities are valued using a Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model (“OPM”) technique.
Adyen has recognized and classified the convertible (‘Series C’) preferred Visa Inc. shares within the FVPL
                                                                                                                       The OPM takes into consideration various observable market and contractual data as well as management
category. The balance of other financial assets at FVPL as per December 31, 2022 is €12,264 (December
                                                                                                                       estimates, including the probability of vesting based on the achievement of milestones relating to the
31, 2021: €22,504). The fair value of the level 2 preferred shares in Visa Inc. is based on the quoted price of
                                                                                                                       fulfilment of the payment services to be provided to the merchant.
Visa Inc.'s common shares, adjusted for lack of marketability, multiplied by an initial conversion rate of
preferred shares into common shares. The conversion rate may be updated in the future. The adjustment for              Adyen carried out a sensitivity analysis on the derivative liabilities with respect to the Adyen share price,
lack of marketability is determined using an option pricing model technique which relies on observable                 noting that a 5% change in the underlying Adyen share price would result in a change of approximately 5%
market data of the underlying Visa Inc. common shares, as well as a presumed length of holding period                  (€2 million) (2021: 5% (€4 million)) of the value of the derivative liabilities, all other circumstances considered
restriction on the preferred shares.                                                                                   equal.
During 2022, Visa Inc. effected a partial conversion of the Series C preferred stock into Series A preferred           During 2021, the first tranche milestone was met, vested, and the related warrant was subsequently
stock. The Series A preferred stock were subsequently converted into Visa Inc. common stock and sold prior             exercised by eBay. There were no further tranche milestones met during the six months ended December
to the end of 2022 at fair market value. The proceeds receivable of €12,271 was recognized within trade and            31, 2022. The derivative liabilities balance as per December 31, 2022 is €35,000 (December 31, 2021:
other receivables and an amount of €11,407 was ultimately received during the six months ended December                €81,700). The change in fair value of the derivative liabilities during 2022 is mainly linked to the Adyen share
31, 2022. No conversion of the Series C preferred stock took place in 2021.                                            price decrease and revision of valuation input related to timing of maturity.
The Visa Inc. preferred shares carry the right to receive discretionary dividend payments presented as other
income in the statement of comprehensive income (during the six months ended December 31, 2022: €44,
and during the six months ended December 31, 2021: €82).

Financial assets impairment
During the six months ended December 31, 2022, Adyen released €2,043 (during the six month ended
December 31, 2021: added €261) from (to) its trade receivable loss allowance based on the calculations
from its IFRS 9 expected credit loss model for trade receivables. The expected credit loss model was
updated at year-end to reflect reasonable and supportable information available on the credit risk of the
trade receivables balance. During the six months ended December 31, 2022, Adyen wrote off trade
receivables balances for an amount of €917 (during the six month ended December 31, 2021: €46). Adyen
did not reverse any impairment losses in 2021 and 2022.

Derivative liabilities (warrants)
As part of the long-term merchant contract previously mentioned (note 1.1), Adyen recognized derivative
liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss, classified as a level 2 fair value instrument. Fair value
remeasurements are presented in other financial results (note 5).
Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                                                                                                                                               30

Other disclosures                                                                                 Computer Hardware and Software additions during the six months ended December 31, 2022 mainly relate
                                                                                                  to servers for data centers and equipment such as laptops for employees . Leasehold improvements
                                                                                                  additions during H2 2022 mainly relate to the capitalization of improvements made to the leased offices in
11. Plant and equipment                                                                           Rokin, Amsterdam. Adyen did not recognize an impairment loss or reverse any impairment loss on plant and
                                               Computer                                           equipment during the six months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.
                                                               Leasehold
Plant and equipment (in EUR'000)            Hardware and                     Other       Total
                                                            Improvements
                                                Software
H2 2021
                                                                                                  12. Leases
Cost                                              78,101          10,066     2,034      90,201    Adyen’s leases relate to offices and data centers across locations where it operates.
Accumulated depreciation                         (34,896)          (4,934)   (1,523)   (41,353)
                                                                                                  Right-of-use assets (in EUR ‘000)                                                 H2 2022       H2 2021
Balance - July 1, 2021                            43,205           5,132       511      48,848
                                                                                                  Offices and data centers
                                                                                                  Cost                                                                              210,263       151,565
Additions                                         21,058           8,562     1,972      31,592
                                                                                                  Accumulated depreciation                                                           (51,013)      (33,780)
Disposals                                            (19)              —         —         (19)
                                                                                                  Balance - July 1                                                                  159,250       117,785
Depreciation for the period                       (7,288)            (968)    (177)     (8,433)
Other changes (e.g. exchange differences)           984               32        (23)      993
                                                                                                  Additions                                                                          40,703        18,322
Balance - December 31, 2021                       57,940          12,758     2,283      72,981
                                                                                                  Depreciation for the period                                                        (18,354)       (8,625)
Cost                                              98,379          18,738     4,002     121,119    Other movements (e.g. exchange differences)                                               77        581
Accumulated depreciation                         (40,439)          (5,980)   (1,719)   (48,138)   Balance - December 31                                                             181,676       128,063
Balance - December 31, 2021                       57,940          12,758     2,283      72,981
                                                                                                  Recognized right-of-use assets                                                    249,760       168,630
H2 2022                                                                                           Accumulated depreciation                                                           (68,084)      (40,567)
Cost                                             132,680          24,367     6,074     163,121    Balance - December 31                                                             181,676       128,063
Accumulated depreciation                         (52,789)          (6,687)   (1,682)   (61,158)
Balance - July 1, 2022                            79,891          17,680     4,392     101,963    Lease liability (in EUR ‘000)                                                      H2 2022       H2 2021
                                                                                                  Balance - July 1                                                                   175,812       128,363
Additions                                         50,892           6,276       365      57,533    Additions                                                                           40,703        18,322
Disposals                                           (100)              —         —        (100)   Lease instalments                                                                  (16,538)       (5,734)
Depreciation for the period                      (13,155)          (2,765)    (379)    (16,299)   Interest expense                                                                        1,791      1,315
Other changes (e.g. exchange differences)           (761)             37     (1,577)    (2,301)   Other movements (e.g. exchange differences)                                             1,305        698
Balance - December 31, 2022                      116,767          21,228     2,801     140,796    Balance - December 31                                                              203,073       142,964
                                                                                                  Current portion                                                                     33,200        22,996
Cost                                             178,707          31,774     5,244     215,725
                                                                                                  Non-current portion                                                                169,873       119,968
Accumulated depreciation                         (61,940)         (10,546)   (2,443)   (74,929)
Balance - December 31, 2022                      116,767          21,228     2,801     140,796
Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                                                                                                                                                                              31

13. Share information                                                                                                    15. Other contingent assets, liabilities and commitments
Adyen presents basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) data for its ordinary shares. The calculation of               Adyen N.V. and Adyen International B.V. are included in a fiscal unity for corporate income tax purposes.
earnings per share is as follows:                                                                                        Under the Dutch Tax Collection Act, the members of the fiscal unity are jointly and severally liable for any
                                                                                                                         taxes payable by the fiscal unity.
   1) Basic EPS: dividing the net income attributable to owners of Adyen N.V. by the weighted average
      number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period.                                                           Adyen has €51,299 of outstanding bank guarantees and letters of credit as at December 31, 2022
                                                                                                                         (December 31, 2021: €72,290).
   2) Diluted EPS: determined by adjusting the basic EPS for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary
      shares, which in the case of Adyen only relates to share options granted to employees.                             Adyen has set up a collateral account in which Brazilian Government bonds were deposited by a partner
                                                                                                                         financial institution, in order to decrease its exposure to this counterparty in Brazil. As at December 31, 2022
Share information                                                                           H2 2022            H2 2021
                                                                                                                         the total collateral was €31,086 (BRL 175,828) (December 31, 2021: €39,125 (BRL 250,157)).
Net income attributable to owners of Adyen N.V. (in EUR '000)                               282,002            264,884
Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the period                                30,975,325         30,499,194
                                                                                                                         During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Brazilian Tax Authorities initiated an audit of the Corporate
                                                                                                                         Income Tax and of Social Contribution of Net Income for the year ended December 31, 2017. Based on the
Dilutive effect of share options                                                             70,704            176,621
                                                                                                                         outcomes of this audit Adyen was issued a tax infringement notice claiming approximately €4,095 (BRL
Weighted average number of ordinary shares for diluted net profit for the period         31,046,029         30,675,815
                                                                                                                         23,162) in relation to the financial year 2017. Adyen has disputed the findings of the Brazilian Tax Authorities
    Net profit per share – basic                                                               9.10               8.68   and considers it to be probable that the judgment will be in its favour. Adyen has therefore not recognized a
    Net profit per share - diluted                                                             9.08               8.63   provision in relation to this claim.


14. Related party transactions
During 2022, Adyen entered into related party transactions with Stichting Administratiekantoor Adyen
(STAK), employees and Supervisory Directors. The transactions with employees and STAK are related to
option exercises, and the transactions with Supervisory Board relate to services rendered throughout the
year. The respective outstanding balances as at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are:
Related party assets/(liabilities) (in EUR ‘000)                                   31 December 2022   31 December 2021
Supervisory Board                                                                              115                  —
Employees (STAK)                                                                              3,627                66

There were no other transactions with related parties during the period ended December 31, 2022 and
2021.
Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                                                                                                                                                              32

16. New and amended standards adopted by Adyen                                                                    18. Other information
The following accounting standards, interpretations and amendments applicable to Adyen (collectively,             The interim condensed consolidated financial statements for the period July 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022
“amendments”) were issued and made effective for the annual reporting period beginning on January 1,              have been prepared in line with the accounting and recognition principles included in the Adyen annual
2022:                                                                                                             consolidated financial statements of 2021, in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
                                                                                                                  and IFRIC interpretations as endorsed by the European Union (EU-IFRS).
• Amendments to IFRS 3 - Reference to the 2018 version of the Conceptual Framework;
                                                                                                                  The interim condensed consolidated financial statements are unaudited.
• Amendments to IAS 16 - Proceeds before intended use ; and
                                                                                                                  Amsterdam, February 8, 2022
• Amendments to IFRS 9, Illustrative Examples to IFRS 16 — Annual Improvements (2018-2020)

Adyen has taken into consideration the changes of each one of the above-mentioned amendments, and
concluded that the amendments do not have a material impact on the financial statements.

17. Events after the balance sheet date
                                                                                                                   P.W. van der Does                             I.J. Uytdehaage
Prior to publishing the H2 Shareholder Letter, Adyen updated its terms and conditions applicable to
merchant agreements in order to clarify the responsibilities of the services provided by financial institutions    CEO                                           CFO
and network scheme providers involved in the payment processing and acquiring services. As a result,
Adyen reassessed its key accounting judgment in relation to settlement fees (namely; interchange and
payment network fees), and concluded it acts as agent in this arrangement, applied prospectively from 1
January 2023. As a result, Adyen will recognise these fees on a net (agent) basis, with no change to net
revenue. This change does not impact the 2022 consolidated and company financial statements, the non-
IFRS financial measures or guidance provided in this Shareholder letter.
Shareholder letter H2 2022                                                                                      33

Statement by the Management Board
As is required by section 5.25d of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) we
state that according to the best of our knowledge:
1.     The interim condensed consolidated financial statements present a true and fair view of the
       consolidated assets, liabilities, financial position and the profit or loss of Adyen N.V.; and
2.     The interim consolidated financial statements provide a true and fair view of the information required
       pursuant to article 5.25d paragraph 8 and 9 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het
       financieel toezicht).


Amsterdam, February 8, 2023




 P.W. van der Does                              I.J. Uytdehaage
 CEO                                            CFO
Shareholder letter H2 2022   34
