Q3 2025
Business Update
BUSINESS UPDATE                                                                        1                                                             Q3 2025




                  Overview
                  In Q3 2025, net revenue reached €598.4 million, up 20% YoY (23% on a constant currency basis),
                  primarily driven by wallet share expansion with existing customers. Growth was consistent across all
                  regions, and supported in part by the timing of settlements in the quarter.
                  Processed volume totaled €346.9 billion, up 8% YoY, or 19% YoY excluding a single large-volume
                  customer. The impact of this customer on net revenue remains limited.



                  Business Updates
                  Digital
                  • Digital net revenue reached €335.0 million, up 10% YoY, driven by solid momentum in verticals such
                    as content & subscriptions and delivery & mobility.
                  • Processed volume declined 5% YoY due to the impact of a single large-volume customer. Excluding
                    this customer, Digital processed volume grew by 12% YoY.
                  • During the quarter, we observed a more pronounced shift in volumes between pillars compared to
                    the prior year, driven by customers moving to our Unified Commerce pillar. This is in line with our
                    strategy to expand share of wallet across channels over time.

                  Unified Commerce
                  • Unified Commerce net revenue reached €194.8 million, up 32% YoY. Growth was primarily driven by
                    retail — across small format, luxury, and large format segments — followed by hospitality and
                    entertainment. Processed volume increased 32% YoY.
                  • This quarter, 589 customers processed across multiple regions with our Unified Commerce offering,
                    up 30 YoY, and 459 customers are now processing across channels at scale1, up 77 YoY.
                  • The total number of transacting Unified Commerce terminals reached 420k, reflecting an increase of
                    121k YoY.




                  1
                      Defined as the number of customers processing at least €10 million on both POS and eCommerce, with over €50 million in total
                       processed volume in the last 12 months.
BUSINESS UPDATE                                                                         2                                    Q3 2025




                  Platforms
                  • Platforms net revenue reached €68.6 million, up 50% YoY, reflecting continued underlying
                    momentum in the SaaS segment.
                  • Processed volume increased 23% YoY. Excluding eBay, processed volume growth was 53% YoY.
                  • We now have 31 platform customers processing over €1 billion annually, up from 25 a year ago,
                    underscoring the continued expansion and relevance of our Platform offering.
                  • The number of Platform business customers2 reached 212k, up from 126k last year, while Platform
                    transacting terminals grew to 277k, an increase of 95k YoY.



                  Team
                  During the period we added 86 net-new team members, primarily in commercial and tech roles outside
                  Amsterdam. Hiring momentum is expected to continue through the year, with a focus on priority
                  markets such as North America. Our tech hubs in Chicago, Bengaluru, and Madrid accounted for nearly
                  half of the new hires, with Chicago being the largest contributor.



                  Financial Objectives
                  Adyen’s long-term opportunity remains significant. As we approach the end of the period covered by
                  our financial objectives, we are refining our net revenue growth objective to reflect our current
                  assessment of the upcoming year.
                  Net revenue growth: We expect annual net revenue to grow between the low- and mid-twenties
                  through 2026. For 2025, we continue to expect full-year net revenue growth to be broadly in line with H1
                  2025.
                  EBITDA margin: We aim to improve EBITDA margin to levels above 50% in 2026, as we expect to
                  benefit from operating leverage inherent to our business model.
                  Capital expenditure: We aim to maintain a sustainable capital expenditure level of up to 5% of our net
                  revenue.
                  We will broadcast a live audio call hosted by Adyen CFO, Ethan Tandowsky, to discuss these results at
                  3PM CET today, October 29, 2025. You can tune into the livestream at investors.adyen.com. A
                  recording of the conversation will be made available on our Investor Relations website following the
                  call.

                  On Tuesday November 11, 2025, Adyen will host an Investor Day in Amsterdam. The event will be
                  livestreamed publicly via the company’s Investor Relations website.


                  2
                      Defined as all end-customers that meet the processed volume thresholds for capital grants.
BUSINESS UPDATE                                                                        3                                                                         Q3 2025




                  The information in this Q3 2025 Business Update is unaudited.


                  Important Legal Information


                  Any person who comes into possession of this document must inform themselves about and comply with any legal restrictions governing
                  possession, distribution, or use of the document.


                  Forward-looking statements are not facts and only represent the current views and assumptions of Adyen N.V. (“Adyen”) regarding future
                  events, many of which are by nature inherently uncertain and beyond Adyen’s control. Factors that could cause actual results to deviate
                  materially from those anticipated by forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, macroeconomic, demographic and
                  political conditions and risks, actions taken and policies applied by governments, financial regulators and private organizations (including
                  payment schemes and credit rating agencies), market conditions and turbulence in financial and other markets, and the success of Adyen
                  in managing the related risks. Subject to statutory obligations, Adyen does not intend to publicly update or revise forward-looking
                  statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date the statements were made, and assumes no obligation to do so.


                  Adyen does not consent to, authorize, endorse, support, encourage, or participate in, directly or indirectly, unsponsored depository receipt
                  (“DR”) programs regarding Adyen securities. Adyen specifically disclaims any liability whatsoever arising out of or in connection with any
                  unsponsored DR program.
