                                                (a joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)
                                                                             （於中華人民共和國註冊成立的股份有限公司）
                                                                                             (Stock Code 股份代號：489)
                                                                    N O T I F I C AT I O N L E T T E R                                    通 知 信 函
                                                                                                                                                                                                                13 February 2026
Dear Registered Shareholders,

Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited* (the “Company”)
– Notice of Publication of Composite Document (containing Notices of Extraordinary General Meeting and H Shareholder's Class Meeting) and Proxy Forms
for Extraordinary General Meeting and H Shareholder’s Class Meeting (the “Current Corporate Communications”)

The Current Corporate Communications of the Company have been published in English and Chinese languages and are available on the website of The Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong Limited (“HKEX”) at www.hkexnews.hk and the Company’s website at www.dfmg.com.cn. If you have any difficulty in receiving or gaining access to
the Current Corporate Communications posted on the Company’s website for any reason, please send your request (specifying you r name, address and request) by
email at dfmg.ecom@computershare.com.hk or by notice in writing to the H share registrar of the Company (the “H Share Registrar”), Computershare Hong Kong
Investor Services Limited, at 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong. Upon receipt of your request, the Company will promptly
send the Current Corporate Communications to you in printed form free of charge.

Arrangement of Electronic Dissemination of Corporate Communications

Pursuant to Rule 2.07A of the Rules Governing The Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) under the expansion of paperless listing
regime and electronic dissemination of corporate communications that came into effect on 31 December 2023, the Company is writing to inform you that the Company has adopted
electronic dissemination of corporate communications (the “Corporate Communication”), which means any documents issued or to be issued by the Company for the information or
action of holders of any of its securities, including but not limited to (a) the directors’ report, its annual accounts together with a copy of the auditors’ report and, where applicable, its
summary financial report; (b) the interim report and, where applicable, its summary interim report; (c) a notice of meeting; (d) a listing document; (e) a circular and (f) a proxy form.

Please note that both the English and Chinese versions of all future Corporate Communications will be available electronically in the Investor Relations column on the website of the
Company at www.dfmg.com.cn and the HKExnews website at www.hkexnews.hk in place of printed copies.

Solicitation of electronic contact details

To ensure timely receipt of Actionable Corporate Communications (Note) and notice of publication of shareholder meeting documents, the Company recommends you provide your email
address by scanning your personalized QR code printed on the enclosed reply form (the “Reply Form”). Alternatively, you may sign and return the Reply Form to the H Share Registrar,
at 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong.

If the Company does not receive a functional email address in your reply, until such time that the functional email address is provided to the H Share Registrar, you will (i)
be unable to receive any notifications regarding the publication of Corporate Communications; (ii) need to proactively check the Company’s website and the HKExnews
website to keep up with the publication of Corporate Communications: and (iii) the Company will send the Actionable Corporate Communications(Note) and notice of
publication of shareholder meeting documents in printed form in the future.

If you want to receive the Corporate Communications in printed form, please complete and return the Reply Form on the reverse side to the H Share Registrar or send an email to
dfmg.ecom@computershare.com.hk specifying your name, address and request to receive the Corporate Communications in printed form. Please note that such instruction shall be
valid for one year starting from the receipt date of your instruction and will expire thereafter.

Should you have any queries relating to this letter, please contact the H Share Registrar at (852)2862 8688 during business hours from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. (Hong Kong time),
Mondays to Fridays, excluding Hong Kong public holidays.

                                                                                                                                                                            For and on behalf of the Board
                                                                                                                                                                      Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited*
                                                                                                                                                                                   YANG QING
                                                                                                                                                                                      Chairman
Note: Actionable Corporate Communication is any corporate communication that seeks instructions from issuer’s securities holders on how they wish to exercise their rights or make an election as the issuer’s securities holder.
*For identification purpose only


各位登記股東：

東 風 汽 車 集 團 股 份 有 限 公 司 （「 本 公 司 」）
– 綜 合 文 件 (包 含 臨 時 股 東 大 會 通 知 及 H 股 類 別 大 會 通 知 )、 臨 時 股 東 大 會 和 H 股 類 別 大 會 之 代 表 委 任 表 格 （「 本 次 公 司 通 訊 文 件 」） 之 發 佈 通 知

本 公 司 的 本 次 公 司 通 訊 文 件 備 有 中 、 英 文 版 本 ， 並 已 上 載 於 香 港 聯 合 交 易 所 有 限 公 司 （「 香 港 交 易 所 」） 網 站 （ www.hkexnews.hk ） 及 本 公 司 網 站
（ www.dfmg.com.cn ）， 歡 迎 瀏 覽 。 閣 下 若 因 任 何 理 由 以 致 在 收 取 或 接 收 載 於 本 公 司 網 址 上 的 本 次 公 司 通 訊 文 件 出 現 困 難 ， 閣 下 可 將 要 求 （ 註 明
閣 下 的 姓 名 、 地 址 及 要 求 ） 以 電 郵 方 式 發 送 到 本 公 司 之 電 郵 地 址 dfmg.ecom@computershare.com.hk 或 以 書 面 方 式 郵 寄 致 本 公司的 H 股過戶登記處（「H 股
過戶登記處」    ）香港中央證券登記有限公司，地址為香港灣仔皇后大道東 183 號合和中心 17M 樓。本 公 司 將 於 接 到 閣 下 通 知 後 ， 盡 快 向 閣 下 免 費 發 送 有 關 本
次公司通訊文件的印刷本。

以電子方式發佈公司通訊之安排

根據自 2023 年 12 月 31 日起生效的擴大無紙化上市機制及以電子方式發佈公司通訊規定下香港聯合交易所有限公司證券上市規則（「上市規則」）第 2.07A 條，本公
司謹此通知 閣下，本公司已採用以電子方式發佈公司通訊（「公司通訊」）之安排，該公司通訊是指本公司為向其任何證券持有人提供資訊或提醒其採取行動而發佈
或將要發佈的任何文件，包括但不限於 (a) 董事報告、年度帳目以及審計報告副本以及（如適用）財務摘要報告； (b) 中期報告及其中期報告摘要（如適用）； (c)
會議通知； (d) 上市文件； (e) 通函和 (f) 委任表格。

請注意，所有未來公司通訊的英文版和中文版將在本公司網站 www.dfmg.com.cn 投資者關係欄目和披露易網站 www.hkexnews.hk 上提供，以代替印刷本。

徵集電子聯絡資料

為確保及時收到可供採取行動的公司通訊(附註) 及股東大會文件的刊發通知，本公司建議 閣下透過掃描本函背頁之回條（「回條」）上列印的                                                                                                                                      閣下專屬二維碼來提供
閣下的電子郵件地址。或者， 閣下也可以簽署回條並交回 H 股過戶登記處，地址為香港灣仔皇后大道東 183 號合和中心 17M 樓。

如果本公司沒有收到  閣下的有效電子郵件地址，直至 H 股過戶登記處收到 閣下有效的電子郵件地址前， 閣下將(i)無法收到任何有關發佈公司通訊的通知；(ii)需
要主動查看公司網站和披露易網站以留意公司通訊的發佈；及(iii)公司未來將以印刷本形式發送可供採取行動的公司通訊 （附註）及股東大會文件的刊發通知。

若 閣下希望收取公司通訊之印刷版，請填妥本函背頁之回條並交回 H 股過戶登記處，或發送電子郵件至 dfmg.ecom@computershare.com.hk，並註明                                                                                                                                 閣下的姓
名、地址以及收取公司通訊印刷版的要求。請注意，收取未來公司通訊印刷版之指示由收悉 閣下指示當日起計一年內有效，此後將過期。

如     閣下對本函件有任何疑問，請於辦公時間星期一至五（香港公眾假期除外）上午 9 時正至下午 6 時正（香港時間）其間致電 H 股股份過戶處(852)2862 8688 查詢。

                                                                                                                                                                                   代表董事會
                                                                                                                                                                                東風汽車集團股份有限公司
                                                                                                                                                                                              董事長
                                                                                                                                                                                                楊青
2026 年 2 月 13 日
附 註 ： 可 供 採 取 行 動的 公 司 通 訊 指任 何 涉 及 要求 發 行 人 的 證 券 持 有人 指 示 其 擬 如何 行 使 其 有關 證 券 持 有 人 的 權 利的 公 司 通 訊 。
* 僅供識別
                                                                                                                                                                                    CCS3803                                             DFMH




                                                                                                           REPLY FORM                              回條
          To: Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited (The “H Share Registrar”)                                                              致：香 港 中 央 證 券 登 記 有限公司 （
                                                                                                                                                                              「H 股過戶登記處」
                                                                                                                                                                                       ）
              17M Floor, Hopewell Centre                                                                                                                 香港灣仔皇后大道東 183 號
              183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong                                                                                                 合和中心 17M 樓
          (Please choose ONLY ONE of the options below)
          (請從以下選項中只選擇其中一項)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Personalized QR Code
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  專屬二維碼
                 Option 1: Provide your email address for receipt of future Actionable Corporate Communications(Note 3) and notice of
                                  publication of shareholder meeting documents of the Company via electronic dissemination by scanning your
                                  personalized QR code.
                選項 1：             掃描          閣下專屬二維碼提供 閣下之電子郵件地址，以接收公司通過電子方式發佈的可供採取行動的未來
                                  公司通訊(附註 3) 及股東大會文件的刊發通知。
                                  You are NOT required to return this Reply Form if you choose Option 1.
                                  如選擇了選項 1，閣下無須交回本回條。



                 Option 2: I/we hereby provide my/our email address in writing for receipt of future Actionable Corporate Communications(Note 3) and notice of publication of
                           shareholder meeting documents of the following listed company (the “Company”) via electronic dissemination.
                 選項 2： 本人/吾等現以書面提供本人/吾等之電子郵件地址，以確保收到以下上市公司（「公司」）通過電子方式發佈的可供採取行動的未來公司通訊(附註 3)
                           及股東大會文件的刊發通知。
                Name of Securities holder(s) 證券持有人姓名 :                                                                     Name of the listed company 上市公司名稱 :
                                                                                                                            Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                                                                                                            東風汽車集團股份有限公司
                                                       (Note 3 / 附註 3)
                 Email address 電郵地址:




                 Option 3:         I/we hereby request for receipt of Corporate Communications* in printed form (Please mark “✓” in the below box if applicable)
                 選項 3：            本人/吾等現要求收取公司通訊*印刷版 （如適用，請在以下方格內劃上「✓」號）
                         receive Corporate Communications* in printed English version and noted that this instruction is valid only for one year starting from the receipt date of instruction. (Note 5)
                                                                                                                            (附註 5)
                         收取公司通訊*的英文印刷本，並已知悉本指示由收取指示日期起計一年內有效。
                         receive Corporate Communications* in printed Chinese version and noted that this instruction is valid only for one year starting from the receipt date of instruction. (Note 5)
                                                                                                                            (附註 5)
                         收取公司通訊*的中文印刷本，並已知悉本指示由收取指示日期起計一年內有效。
                         receive Corporate Communications* in both printed English and Chinese versions and noted that this instruction is valid only for one year starting from the receipt date of instruction. (Note 5)
                                                                                                                                       (附註 5)
                         同時收取公司通訊*的英、中文印刷本，並已知悉本指示由收取指示日期起計一年內有效。



       Signature(s): (Note 1)                                                                                     Contact number:                                                                     Date:
       簽名： (附註 1)                                                                                                 聯絡電話號碼：                                                                             日期：
Notes 附註：
1     Please complete all your details clearly. If your shares are held in joint names, all of the joint shareholders should jointly sign this Reply Form in order to be valid. 請清楚填妥 閣下之所有資料。如屬聯名股東，則本回條須由所有聯名股東聯合簽署，方為有效。
2.    Any Reply Form with no signature or otherwise incorrectly completed will be void. 任何回條若未有簽署或在其他方面填寫不正確，則本回條將會作廢。
3.    If the Company does not receive a functional email address in your reply, you will be unable to receive notifications regardi ng the publication of Corporate Communications*. Actionable Corporate Communication is any corporate communication that seeks
      instructions from issuer’s securities holders on how they wish to exercise their rights or make an election as the issuer’s securi ties holder. 如公司沒有收到 閣下的有效電子郵件地址， 閣下將無法收到有關發佈公司通訊 *的通知。可供採取行動的公司通訊指
      任何涉及要求發行人的證券持有人指示其擬如何行使其有關證券持有人的權利的公司通訊。
4.     If you provide more than one email address by QR code, email, reply form and/or other means, only the most recently provided email address will be registered. 如 閣下通過二維碼、電郵、回條及/ 或其他方式提供多於一個的電子郵件地址，只有 閣下最後提
       供的電子郵件地址將會被用於登記。
5.     If you mark “✓” in the box in Option 3, no email address will be registered and only Corporate Communications* in printed form will be received. 如 閣下在選項 3 方格內劃上「 ✓」號，將不會有電子郵件地址被登記，只有公司通訊 *的印刷版會被收取。
6.     For the avoidance of doubt, the Company does not accept any other instructions given on this Reply Form. 為免存疑，在本回條上的任何額外指示，公司將不予處理。

*     Unless otherwise specified, Corporate Communications refer to any documents issued or to be issued by the Company for the information or action of holders of any of its securities, including but not limited to the annual report, interim report, notice of
      meeting, circular and proxy form. 除非另有註明，公司通訊乃指公司已發出或將予發出以供其任何證券的持有人參照或採取行動的任何文件，其中包括但不限於年報、中期報告、會議通告、通函及代表委任表格。

PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION STATEMENT 收集個人資料聲明
(i)   “Personal Data” in this statement has the same meaning as “personal data” in the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance, Chapter 48 6 of the Laws of Hong Kong (“PDPO”). 本聲明中所指的「個人資料」與香港法例第 486 章《個人資料（私隱）條例》（「《私隱條
       例》」）中「個人資料」的涵義相同。
(ii)   Your Personal Data provided in this Reply Form will be used in connection with, including but not limited to, the Company’s e lectronic dissemination of Corporate Communications and to liaise with you on other matters relating to your holdings in the Company.
       Your supply of Personal Data to the Company is on a voluntary basis. In case of a failure to provide sufficient information, the Company may not be able to process your instruction and/or request as stated in this Reply Form. 閣下於本回條所提供的個人資料將用
       於(包括但不限於)有關公司以電子方式發布公司通訊及就 閣下持有的公司證券有關的其他事宜上與 閣下聯絡。 閣下是自願向本公司提供個人資料。若 閣下未能提供足夠資料，本公司可能無法處理 閣下在本回條上所述的指示及/或要求。
(iii)  Your Personal Data may be disclosed or transferred by the Company to its subsidiaries, the H Share Registrar, and/or other companies or bodies for any of the stated purposes, or when it is required to do so by law and will be retained for such period as may be
       necessary for our verification and record purposes. 公司可就任何所說明的用途或在法例規定的情況下，將 閣下的個人資料披露或轉移給公司的附屬公司、H 股過戶登記處、及/或其他公司或團體，並將在適當期間保留該等個人資料作核實及紀錄用途。
(iv)   You have the right to request access to and/or correction of your Personal Data in accordance with the provisions of the PDPO . Any such request for access to and/or correction of your Personal Data should be in writing, by mail to the Hong Kong Priva cy Officer
       of the H Share Registrar at 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong or by email at PrivacyOfficer@computershare.com.hk. 閣下有權根據《私隱條例》的條文查閱及/或修改 閣下的個人資料。任何該等查閱及/或修改個人資
       料的要求均須以書面方式郵寄至 H 股過戶登記處（地址為香港灣仔皇后大道東 183 號合和中心 17M 樓）向香港隱私主任提出，或發送電郵至 PrivacyOfficer@computershare.com.hk。

                                           Mailing Label 郵 寄 標 籤
                                                                                                                                                      Please cut the mailing label and stick it on an envelope to return this form to us.
                            Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited                                                                                        No postage is necessary if posted in Hong Kong.
                                       香港中央證券登記有限公司
                                                                                                                                                              當    閣下寄回此回條時，請將郵寄標籤剪貼於信封上。
                                       Freepost No. 簡便回郵號碼：37                                                                                                     如在本港投寄， 閣下無需支付郵費或貼上郵票。
                                             Hong Kong 香港
